This review pains me to write, because I genuinely think that Season 1 was the pinnacle of serialized television. It had amazing plotting, a satisfying ending, a terrifying villain, characters that I loved, nothing superfluous, beautiful cinematography and tone. It delivered on every promise that it made. <br/><br/>I could not wait for Season 2. And those two years were tough. Alas it finally arrived. I knew going in that it had a tough act to follow and so I made a concerted effort to judge it on it's own merits and not to dismiss it just for failing to achieve the impossible by living up to the first. <br/><br/>What went wrong. Plotting: All over the place with little focus. A terrifying villain? Try NO villain. Characters that I love? Yes but the two leads are mostly kept separate from each other for some strange reason. Nothing superfluous? Carrie Ann Moss and her entire sub-plot was boring and irrelevant. Jessica's rival PI was a flat plot device. A satisfying ending? I wouldn't know, I couldn't get past episode 8. It was putting me to sleep. The season did continue to have beautiful cinematography and tone/atmosphere, but that gets no points from me if the writing is dull. Nutmeg can make good egg nog great, but it's not appetizing when eaten on it's own. <br/><br/>I think the biggest problem with Season 2 is that it fails to deliver on Jessica Jones' core promise: it is a sci-fi super-hero show about a tortured loner who does not want to be a superhero but is, none-the-less, forced to fight super-villains because they are threatening her and the people she loves. <br/><br/>In other words, Season 2 was Jurassic Park without Dinosaurs. <br/><br/>I'm giving the show a 5. A perfect 10 for the first season, and a 0 for the second. If you were expecting something as good as Daredevil, don't. Is it close? Maybe for some but my experience was rather disappointing given my high expectations based on the previous series that blew me away.<br/><br/>I had read the comics this was based on and was pleased with how much they deviated so as to keep the story fresh and unpredictable. What I did not care for was the number of characters that were introduced, which was unexpected due to how antisocial the protagonist is. This cluttered up the story with uninteresting or utterly obnoxious nobodies whose subplots wasted time that could have been better spent resolving the major Jessica-related ones, ultimately resulting in an unsatisfying conclusion (not only due to the anticlimax of the final confrontation).<br/><br/>David Tennant shines as Kilgrave, he is most certainly the high point of the story. They gave his character much more depth and a richer history than in the comics (no purple skin, sorry fans.) Far more sadistic than in the comics even, he easily outstrips Wilson Fisk for 'most evil villain' so far in any part of the MCU. Unfortunately this made many of his co-stars on screen with him at the same time look like amateurs, but they tried their best in their other scenes.<br/><br/>Jones' abrasive personality made it difficult for her to have any real chemistry with anyone but it was painfully true with Luke Cage, and one character even had to remark on their chemistry as if those of us who didn't 'get it' were supposed to just buy it. His character was also overused, it made this series feel less like Jessica's own, and also puts into question how independent Cage will be when his own series starts.<br/><br/>A few inconsistencies also marred the enjoyment factor of the series. Jones' powers are never satisfactorily explained (and the opportunity to at least reveal their origin was wasted with too many minor characters and subplots) and Cage's powers are also used inconsistently (explain to me how an explosion fails to deafen and/or blind him, at least temporarily, and yet a shotgun blast under his chin puts him in a coma.) Also in this world of aliens and superheroes, peoples' inability to accept that there exists a mind controller is inexcusable, especially with other series like Agents of SHIELD establishing that numerous 'gifted' individuals exist and are being hunted down. Even those who are directly affected by Kilgrave seem to want not to believe it. It gets aggravating even before the halfway point. Not to mention lots of other miscellaneous stupidity from most of the characters.<br/><br/>Ultimately it's a story about trying to find one's identity that never pans out, tons of moral conundrums that go unresolved, and about the cleverest thing you see is that with all her great strength that others like Daredevil don't have, she can't just go throwing it around with abandon because of the nature of her nemesis who hides behind innocent pawns.<br/><br/>Don't make the mistake of raising your expectations for this because of Daredevil like I did. It feels like this could have benefited from a shorter production run, maybe 8 episodes instead. Curious to see how they'll bring her back in the future, though I'm skeptical if they'd actually give this a second season or any other solo treatment. We didn't mind the other unusual aspects of her characters, but we couldn't bear how incompetent she is. So many episodes were the same: jessica captures Kilgrave, jessica decides not to kill him, so he escapes and kills more poeple. And repeat. Jessica Jones, the second of the Marvel Netflix shows was absolutely amazing when it's first season came out. However, season 2 of this show takes a step in the wrong direction and is notably worse.<br/><br/>Overall, the show is as dark and gritty as Daredevil is, mixed with a bit of dark humor as well. Jessica Jones is a good, noir style superhero show, that kind of fills a niche that wasn't previously filled before. One could argue that the first season actually has horror and thriller elements mixed in with it. This makes the show even better. The villain for season 1, Kilgrave, was absolutely incredible and is the highlight of the show. Played to perfection by David Tennant, you're glued to the screen whenever he's on. Krysten Ritter is also perfect as the sarcastic Jessica Jones. The casting made great choices there, although Marvel always does tend to make good casting decisions anyway. My least favorite part of season 1 being the character of Malcolm. In my opinion, this character is just pointless, and doesn't really add anything to the show.<br/><br/>I believe since the first season was so good, it tips the scale in a better direction for the show. However, if season 3 is as bad as season 2, that may change. For right now, Jessica Jones is still the third best of the Marvel Netflix shows, behind Daredevil and Punisher.<br/><br/>My Rating: 8.0/10 I loved so much about season 1. But even if I try to think forgiving thoughts about a characters stupidity that sort of just goes on and on. Seamingly with no lesson learned. Ever. I can't get over every other stupid, reckless and well STUPID thing Trish does in season 2 & 3. Season one was a 9 for me. Now after 3. My annoyance with the way they wrote Trish (her actions) leave me at a 5. But I LOVED season 1. Imagine if Jessica Jones hadn't recently undergone the entire adventure with The Defenders...or had...but learned absolutely nothing from it. That's what Season 2 consists of: A poorly written character demonstrating no growth as a human being. And that's the first episode.<br/><br/>The new season is simply bad. The first episode does nothing to draw you in, and the rest of them simply drive the viewer farther and farther away. There's no real villain, the protagonist has grown even more self-pitying and annoying, and the supporting characters seem to exist simply to draw attention away from how weak the overall narrative is. They could have done this with a 2 hour film and not extended the series as they did.<br/><br/>I would advise only fans of the lead actress to watch this program as anyone seeking a superhero Marvel film (especially in the wake of Thor:Ragnarok and The Black Panther) will be hugely disappointed. When you finally get to the end of the series, you ask yourself why you even bothered to take the trip.<br/><br/>Not good at all. Good not great. It's hard to measure up the ridiculously high bar set by Marvel's Daredevil and this show does bring something new and different to the table in the superhero genre. There were also strong performances from Krysten Ritter, Mike Colter, David Tennant, and Rachael Taylor.<br/><br/>At the end of it, however, I found myself disappointed. The show suffered from an unevenly paced storyline without any arc and struggled with an identity crisis. I was excited for the prospect of a film noir superhero detective story idea with many more smaller cases providing clues/insight into Jessica the character, her past, and the broader Marvel Cinematic Universe (which is what fans and audiences want – character development!!). I was also excited at the prospect of a psychological thriller superhero story. But the result was a tepid middle ground between the two. <br/><br/>There was also not much insight into Jessica's past (I get they want to draw out the origin of her powers into future story lines) but I think it was a missed opportunity to not explore her time under Kilgrave's control more to build a deeper connection for both characters. I thought there would be a slow burn with Jessica trying to overcome her past trauma and leading up to a final overcoming/confrontation of this but the character development was too whipsawed throughout the entire show. <br/><br/>The staggered pace was also stuffed with way too many ancillary, undeveloped characters (Malcolm, Hope, Robyn, Reuben, Pam, Hogarth's ex, and the worst offender of all Simpson!) that were too much of a distraction for me - either because they were poorly acted or I could care less about the character in relation to the overall story.<br/><br/>And what a waste of Carrie Anne Moss and her character, who apparently was only there as a plot device. Whether Hogarth was in the show or not apparently made no discernible difference to the story or outcome. Was Hogarth a friend or foe, was she a growing threat and connected to a larger scheme or was she an ultimate ally there to help Jessica and connect to Iron Fist, or was she really just THAT concerned about her freakin' divorce. I struggle to answer these questions and it was obvious the writers struggled with the same dilemma and decided to toss the character aside 2/3 of the way through with no resolution. It even would have been worth the entire character and side plot had Pam been ultimately represented by Nelson & Murdock! (alas missed opportunities)<br/><br/>Even the introduction of the villain felt forced and fell short. The ads made it seem like there would be Joker-esque mastermind lurking just beyond the corner at all times pulling all the strings. But instead we got a manboy stalker who was too busy watching soccer games and buying all of Jessica's old toys on eBay . I really expected Kilgrave to offer a larger, ominous, scene stealing presence driving the intrigue of the show.<br/><br/>All in all, after watching all the episodes, I kept focusing on the show's missed opportunities more so than being excited for its future prospects and what's to come. Well, that's 13 hours I won't get back. Season 2 was a huge disappointment. The first six episodes were not bad, but, the plot contrivances and acting got progressively worse up to the end. It seems as if there was a writing staff change midway. The three sub plots had so many logic holes that it is impossible to recount. Maybe the lack of star talent like Rosario Dawson, or a character to play off of like Luke Cage would have helped. If a third season is made, I hope they can rekindle the spark of Season 1. They need to scrap the writers and half the cast. If, they weren't in bed the season would of been only 6 episodes. I was ready for Trish to die. Malcolm to die. And, the mom. This took 2 years to do? Really? All the same, writers messing up big time in season 2. Boring and dramatic for the sake of the drama. I am truly baffled by the negative reviews. This show is incredible. Every character is truly fascinating and we get glimpses of their back stories to supplement the story, but I guess people are disappointed that not everything was revealed immediately? I am almost positive that the mystery of Jessica Jones' background is intentional and they will reveal more as the show develops. As for people that complain that the show is boring....these must be the people keeping things like the Transformers series in business. If you're looking for constant explosions and action, you'll be disappointed. However, if you are looking for a show with well developed characters, a chilling villain, a compelling and relatable main character, an intriguing storyline, and just utterly spectacular acting, this is the show for you. No, it's not a typical superhero show. It goes above and beyond in so many aspects. This has raised the bar for superhero stories, in my opinion. Krysten Ritter is superb and very believable as Jessica Jones. I love love love this show! Give it a chance, you will not be sorry you did! I can't wait for Season 2. Krysten Ritter is one of my favourite actresses, she never ceases to surprise me with her talent. Jessica Jones is one of the TV shows that I have become addicted to. The way Ritter has portrayed her character has brought the superhero to life. I can not think of anyone else that would suit this role more than Krysten. If you like slow, boring, averagely written wanna be super-hero shows you hit the jackpot with this one. Even the sex scenes are boring, which may seem hard to do, but this show found a way. The lead character gives you nothing to care about. When she hurts, so what, when she's sad, who cares, you get the idea. It's doubly sad because they have such great material to work with. Jessica's story is perfect for a Netflix show. It isn't too flushed out, so good writers can mold it any way they wish too, but these writers seem to be okay with sub-par plots and story lines. Her relationship with Luke Cage is a nice touch, but their chemistry is less plastic explosive and more baking soda volcano.<br/><br/>To sum up, this show had great potential to be an awesome edition to the marvel universe, but I don't see it lasting more than a season, maybe 2 because of it having a female lead. If they fire the show runner and hire better writers than who knows, for now pass on this unless you feel like sleeping. I started watching Jessica Jones feeling hopeful. After all, I am a big fan of Netflix and their original series, I know they have great original content, so I was expecting Jessica Jones to be a hit too. But boy, was I wrong. I watched the 1st episode, then the second, third, fell asleep somewhere on the 4th, woke up and just skipped to the last one to see how this boring show will end. It was an uneventful and pretty lame ending too, in line with everything else.<br/><br/>The acting was spotty, the plot would have easily fit one movie (13 episodes was too much for this script), fight scenes and CGI were sub-par (like a low budget TV series), and overall a really awful show.<br/><br/>I also had a feeling that everything in the show was forced and not natural. Too many sex scenes (and I'm not a puritan in any way-actually the opposite of). One in the beginning I think would have made the point just as clear. I guess they needed fillers. <br/><br/>The dialogue was flat and monotone. The damn thing made me fall asleep!<br/><br/>Overall I did not enjoy this. Would not recommend it, unless you're a super-die-hard fan of Marvel or the genre - you might like it then, but if you're a regular person, you won't enjoy this. On top of that, I am actually skeptical of what next year's going to bring for Netflix via Marvel and their collaboration with Disney. It they keep this up, I might have to reconsider my subscription because this is not working for me. If for nothing else, watch Jessica Jones for David Tennant's performance as Kilgrave. He is better than any other Marvel movie or TV villain ever seen before. He is truly terrifying but oddly hypnotizing. He can make you do whatever he tells you to. Not only does David Tennant's charisma make this believable, but the writers use it in a lot of cool ways. As a villain, he's right up there with Heath Ledger's Joker.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter (Jesse's girlfriend from season 2 of Breaking Bad) plays the lead. It's great to see a Female Marvel lead, and she delivers a wonderfully understated performance. The show starts off as a gritty detective show with dry humour and not much of Tennant. However, as the show goes along, it evolves into something much cooler. It gets darker but also funnier, and Tennant's involvement becomes larger.<br/><br/>In conclusion, Jessica Jones is a very binge-able show with a memorable villain and a great lead that doesn't need much prior knowledge despite tying into the Marvel universe. In my opinion, it's even better than Daredevil. As I look at these reviews, I see a lot of people that have watched one or two episodes and anointed this show as innovative and the best of its kind. I was a HUGE fan of Daredevil and I could not wait for the other installments of the Defenders series. To this end, I watched every episode of this show before deciding to review it. I never review shows because I am not a fan boy nor am I self-important enough to think my opinion holds that much weight. I love Krysten Ritter from Don't Trust the B and I appreciate Carrie Anne-Moss's effort, the actor who played Luke Cage as well as David Tennant's work with what he was given. I will say however that this show was extremely disappointing and it does not deserve its initial praise. To praise it is to beg for more like it and I can do no such thing.<br/><br/>The first two episodes were promising and led me to believe another Daredevil/Dark Knight caliber show was in store. I was wrong. It was not until after the fact that I noticed this show was "created" by the woman who penned the Twilight films and also wrote two episodes of this show. This should have been a dead giveaway I should've cut and ran.<br/><br/>The story has no arc. There is only a thirteen episode cat and mouse runaround derailed by incessant Hamlet-esque thinking aloud before every move, torture scenes, unnecessary characters that I never wanted to get invested in, bad fight choreography and no masterfully interwoven plot. Unlike Luke Cage, the only thing that gives Jones special abilities on screen are shots of her throwing people followed by shots of people landing far away, knocking over walls, etc. Killgore's abilities and malice are vastly underutilized. It falls not on Tennant's acting, but EVERY SINGLE SMALL PART CASTED for you to believe in his "mind control" and these actors did not deliver. The writing is also to blame.<br/><br/>Spoilers <br/><br/>If anyone can remember back to Daredevil, think of when Wilson Fisk's name is spoken and the hit-man impales himself to avoid Kingpin's wrath. The thought of someone so sinister, so evil that you would kill yourself before facing the consequences of defying him, it gave me chills. Killgore actually has the ability to make you kill yourself and others, to commit murder in his name and the follow-through of this show made him little more than an annoyance by the end...a grown toddler whining, not letting people blink and throwing temper-tantrums.<br/><br/>You could say that Killgore stays under the radar so as not to confirm Jones' pleas that Hope did not kill her parents, that it was mind control. Based on that creative choice, we're left with a subdued evil mastermind, a hero that refuses to kill the villain thus allowing him to escape only to be hunted OVER AND OVER AGAIN as well as a girl that we don't even care about except for the fact that she killed her parents for shock value in the first episode, handcuffing the ENTIRE SEASON. The finale, the payoff, the 'reckoning' of audience desire for retribution that I wasted 7-8 hours/episodes more than the story's actual premise should've required, plays as little more than a reminder of something you've seen before but done better.<br/><br/>In summary, the creatives were given a rich complicated lead character dealing with problems of PTSD, alcoholism, past sexual abuse and being orphaned all while maintaining feminist ideology and an ability to change her community with SUPER POWERS. They were given a villain with the ability to wreak immeasurable havoc through a cocktail of MIND-CONTROL and PSYCHOPATHY. They were given a dark, corrupt city already outlined in Daredevil. They were given Doctor Who for God sake's, Trinity, Jane from Breaking Bad as well as Lester Freamon from The Wire (Clarke Peters, far too talented an actor for his character's pedestrian involvement). This should have been a home run. Instead, they gave me Twilight and chase scenes set to jazz. If you're considering watching this show, chances are you've already watched Marvel's Daredevil and know what to expect: a darker, grittier tone than the rest of the Marvel universe, great production values and strong characterization. It delivers all those things and more.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones tells the story of a retired superhero, a woman who tried to help and failed. Jessica is a broken character; she suffers from PTSD, has nightmares and constant flashbacks and drinks a lot. She's an incredibly compelling protagonist; flawed but strong, broken but fighting, sad but with a sarcastic edge that makes her funny and easy to love.<br/><br/>The show isn't afraid to explore dark themes of sexual assault, rape and abortion and it does so with taste. The victims are not shown being raped; the viewer is just expected to believe them without titillating rape scenes to prove the facts.<br/><br/>As a survivor herself, Jessica shows both the signs of her trauma and the will to fight back. Women in Jessica Jones suffer, they fail, but they fight.<br/><br/>Unlike Daredevil's Kingpin, Killgrave is a threat from the first episode which results is better pacing (Daredevil took 4 episodes to find its feet in my opinion). Because of Jessica's PTSD, you constantly feel his shadow and the tension is constant. The show doesn't waste time with an origin story or training sequences; it takes you straight into the action and doesn't let you go.<br/><br/>A definite success for Marvel. I really wanted to give this show a shot, but the main character is just not very believable and I don't know who this show is supposed to appeal to. It's like they are trying to glorify dangerous sexual behavior and rape culture but brand it as feminism. She's supposed to be a detective, but you hardly see any impressive detective work, but rather, things just fall into her lap with little to no effort on her part. <br/><br/>Her "powers" are way too unspecific and resemble more of an "Twilighty" power set, rather than something curious and compelling. It's like they just wanted to invent a super hero but couldn't be bothered making her original or building a proper character history. She is essentially supernatural for the sake of being supernatural, an anti-hero for the sake of being an anti- hero.<br/><br/>I am utterly convinced the producers of this show paid a service to up the votes on this show, in an effort to convince stupid people that is a good show. Unfortunately, it just may have worked. Much like Daredevil, the real saga of Jessica Jones is that of the Villain. David Tennant shines as a dark and broken sociopath. His performance is chilling and terrifying and asks dark questions about what we would do with ultimate power over those around us, and about what would become of us.<br/><br/>Stepping past Tennant's breathtaking performance, the rest of the casting is apt and on point. Any fan of the comic books will be hard pressed to fault Jessica Jones or Luke Cage. Their chemistry and dynamic is ink made flesh and the characters that we loved brought to screen. The supporting cast are equally brilliant, especially the trio of Australian actors supporting in the roles of Trish Walker, Will Simpson and Malcolm. Comic book buffs will quickly spot the nods to comic cannon and the fascinating divergence and rebirth of comic book icons. There is extensive dialogue and set references to comic book icons that shows a phenomenal attention to detail that becomes a love letter to long term fans of these properties.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones breathes yet more life into the promise of the Defenders franchise at Netflix. Bring on Luke Cage, Iron Fist, and future seasons. If for some reason you haven't yet signed up for Netflix - this show alone is a reason to do so. Here are two quotes from Jessica Jones to set the tone for this review:<br/><br/>"People do shitty things, I try to ignore them"<br/><br/>"My friends (superheroes) hate attempted murder, cops hate it too because, you know, it is illegal"<br/><br/>Super powers are often physical; being able to fly, being immune to bullets, or having super strength. This show has a fantastic premise - a super-powered sociopath that can control people. Beyond this basic idea the show was not watchable. <br/><br/>Killgrave, the villain, can mind-control the entire police force or even city to kill Jessica. Instead he sends one person at a time to inconvenience her. He doesn't have any goals or ambitions beyond seeking retribution from Jessica for allowing him to get hit by a bus. How he controls people doesn't really make sense - it would be better if it wasn't instant mind control but more gradual. Otherwise, it is unclear why he doesn't use his powers all the time and just control everyone everywhere.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is by far the worst part of the show. An angst character that feels immediately distant. The is no real backstory that would allow you to relate to her. She is very one dimensional. The writers make her alcoholic as a ploy to make the audience empathetic to her but it feels really forced and irrelevant to the story and character. <br/><br/>Finally, there are tons of plot holes so I'll just include one: Jessica is willing to throw her heroin addict friend (who is a relatively irrelevant character included to make the show feel grungier) at a nurse and have him potentially get arrested to get a drug to capture Killgrave but she won't let a police officer walk off the edge of a building to actually capture Killgrave. <br/><br/>The most annoying part of the show was how Jessica constantly told every person who was attacking her that they were being controlled by Killgrave. It felt like she was saying it more to remind the audience (as if they would forget?) than to actually reason with those who were being mind-controlled. <br/><br/>At best, this is a boring show with empty characters, a plot pushed on by the writers rather than by the story, and dialogue written by a high school student. Season One was great. I'll rate it as a nine only because it was original at its time before the Defenders' tropes became tired and cliché. Season One had one of the best Marvel's villains ever in David Tennant's Kilgrave, the introduction of Luke Cage, R rated superhero show with graphic sex, violence, and an antihero who was an emotional damaged alcoholic along with Carrie-Anne Moss as the high powered, ruthless attorney Jeri Hogarth and Rosario Dawson as Claire Temple aka the Night Nurse. The only criticism was the SJW propaganda and the anticlimactic death of Kilgrave. <br/><br/>On the other hand, Season Two annoyed me tremendously. The SJW feminist propaganda was on overload. All the men in this show like most feminist propaganda were either idiots, assholes, or homosexuals. There is no in-between. She treats her assistant Malcolm--- her friend, neighbor, and recovering drug addict--- like an asshole firing him everyday even though he cleaned up her dead's brothers ashes and used to clean up her vomit when she was drunk in her apartment. She literally tells him he can stick his private areas anywhere but keep them away from her. Trisha is dating the perfect guy who went head over heels to give her the perfect proposal and didn't treat her horribly like her other boyfriends did, but still dumps him because she wants to be him, not be with him. The new super of the building likes Jessica, but she distanced herself from him because she likes her. <br/><br/>Even though the actress who plays Jessica's mother in the series does an excellent job and is the one of the good parts of this season, she is the so-called villain of the season. Her lover Karl is the one who saved both Jessica and her mother's lives and also gave them super strength. While her mother is thankful for what he did, Jessica is upset with him because she feels she should have died in the car accident. Jessica calls him a horrible name for doing what Trish wanted him to do so he kills himself. So even though they only killed those who were harmful to Jess or Trish, Karl and Jessica's mother were the villains of Season Two. Even when a man returns from the dead to save their lives, he is a horrible person constantly giving a lecture for trying to save them. Trish's boyfriend was a jerk since he was more successful than Trish. Malcolm was an idiot for caring about Jessica and trusting Trish enough to help her. Karl was the bad guy because he used his smarts to save Jessica and her mother and killed the bad guys who was using his research to turn soldiers into weapons like in Season One. The prison guard white male was an asshole abusing Jess' mom and replaced with a black woman (mammy) who was nicer before Jess' mom broke her neck after finding out Karl died after Jessica promised to help him get out of the country. This show is very anti-male, especially this season. Men are only good for sex and Jess and Trish are constantly sleeping with one dude to the next like men. Because being promiscuous is female empowerment. One good scene was the super stopping her from jumping his bones after he was simply being nice to her for saving his kill and told her it wasn't normal. This season was a perfect example of why showrunners and writers should quit while they are ahead. Season One was almost perfect. Season Two was created because of the popularity of Season One not out of necessity. There is no story which is why Season Two took forever to air. Even the return of Kilgrave as a figment of Jessica's imagination was a waste of David Tennant's time. He was back for that horrible episode eleven and was a sad reminder how great Season One was. Carrie-Anne Moss was wasted this season. Her character's storyline was about her being diagnosed with ALS, having sex with lesbians hookers, and being conned by a homeless ex nurse and her lover claiming to have the powers to heal her. I understand Marvel's equality theme, but the LGBT is less than one percent of the world's population. Not every woman you meet is a lesbian, yet every one Jeri hits on in the show are lesbians. And why would an intelligent woman hook up with random hookers probably infested with AIDS and STDs? This season sucked and I'm sorry I wasted thirteen hours of my life on it. Episode eleven frustrated me and I soldered on through the last two episodes. But if you hate men then you're going to love this season! ...but I'll round up to 20, since IMDb doesn't allow for half points. I say 15% because that is roughly the amount of screen time allotted to Kilgrave in this first season, who turned out to be the only remotely interesting character on the show. (Needless to say, that means if he doesn't return in the second season, there will be no reason to watch at all.) Don't get me wrong: the scenes where Kilgrave did appear were great: 10/10, primarily due to David Tennant's performance (great to see him playing a real villain). But it only put the mediocrity of the other actors into sharp relief, making most of the show unbearable. By about episode 9, I just started fast-forwarding to get to the bits with him in it. I wanted to like this show - and it could have been really good - but unfortunately it was plagued by lazy, dumb writing, poor characterization, tedious subplots, and pointless, cheezy sex scenes. Especially the time spent on the Luke Cage subplot was ill spent - in part because the actor playing him was about as charismatic as a block of wood. But the screen time devoted to the relationships between Trish and Simpson, on the one hand, and Hogarth and her secretary, on the other, was equally mystifying. It was like they couldn't think of enough material to fill 13 episodes, so started cramming in random filler. The show would have been much stronger if they had infused just a little realism and maturity into the scripts, and kept the focus on the Jessica/Kilgrave relationship, which was compelling and (largely)well written.<br/><br/>It makes sense that most of the comparisons have been with Daredevil, but Jessica Jones reminds me more of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Of course, they're trying to do something more noir here, but it's noir as conceived by a bunch of first-year college students (not so much dark, as "like, dark"). The snarky millennial sarcasm. The way Jessica guzzles liters of hard alcohol without ever getting drunk, hungover, or sick. The "dingy" apartment building where Jessica and her "weird" neighbors live (all curiously about twenty years old) like dorm-mates. Hell, Krysten Ritter even looks like Sarah Michelle Gellar with black hair. But the advantage "Buffy" had over this show is that it knew it was ridiculous, and maintained a self-deprecating humor. If Buffy read a bunch of "Twilight" novels, the result would probably be something very much like Jessica Jones (big surprise: JJ had same producer as "Twilight" movies). But if their target audience was the 14-22 range, then I suppose they were probably successful. Just seems a shame to waste a proper actor like Tennant on such juvenile crap. ----------Contains spoilers-----------<br/><br/>When I started watching Jessica Jones I had high hopes just like any superhero fan. Whatever Daredevil did great this show screws over. I can't believe that in a superhero show we didn't get any proper action scenes in the first 4 episodes. Action scenes are very dumb she just throws people 5 meters away, that's all that is the moment where we are supposed to be excited. Even the super jump scenes of Jessica are cut, they don't even show her jump. I was bored to death by watching this show. I generally watch 5 episodes of the TV series before I decide I like it or not but at the end of the 4th episode I was so bored that I rewatched Daredevil's pilot again to feel better. Every episode that I watched of Jessica Jones were the same, stupid drama over killgrave's victims who feel guilty of something that they haven't done willingly.Luke and Jessica has sex every episode that these actors are in yay cool but isn't this a superhero series let's get some action y'all . Now we're supposed to care for Jessica's stupid broken door. Stupid drama between Jessica and her boss also between Jessica's boss and her wife and her mistress. Jessica becomes bitchy with her boss every time also she yells her boss a lot because that's what makes a superhero cool, so dumb. Surprise surprise stupid drama between Trish and Jessica. Jessica drinks all the time because this is the solution to her problems, oh wow what an interesting story arc that has never been told!!!! Overall this show is garbage, please if you value your time do not watch this show. I really wished to like this show because I want more female centric movies or TV series but this is a very boring and dumb TV series. Now let's watch Daredevil again to feel how it is to be a superhero not a foolish alcoholic grown up drama queen. I loved the first season of Jessica Jones. It was smart, creative, and a helluv a lot of fun to watch. So I don't know what the creators were thinking but making Jessica a whiny, self-absorbed brat doesn't exactly help your show.<br/><br/>These Marvel Shows keep getting CHEAPER and CHEAPER. There's a shot in the second episode where Will Simpson( no crap, of course he's alive) is walkin towards Trish Walker. It's poorly lit, poorly acted and the whole scene builds to a conclusion that is practically pointless.<br/><br/>And that's this whole season. It's a bunch of muddled scenes that don't fit with one another and the conclusion is anything but satisfying.<br/><br/>Yeah, I'm giving this an F or on IMDb, a 1/10. God, I wish there was a 0/10 This is my first review and I'm really surprised anyone would give this season anything over 5 because it's poor almost pointless and it drags on. Marvel should consider cancelling these shows or getting better writers i am a real hardcore marvel fan myself but even i couldn't bear my self to torture for non stop overrated piece of sh*t.this show had extreme potential but it just fell flat from the beginning. the pilot is where this show failed to attract my attention and from then on i understood that this is no daredevil. daredevil had everything in balance it showed Matt's past in detail which this show merely shows for a couple of times and that also not in good quantity only mentioned .i mean have the show creator even read the comics?. Jessica is a very troubled person which this show gets right but only superficially. i think they chose the wrong hero to be picked up for the show instead they should have gone for moon knight. the show has literally no action at all the finale is very bland . no appearance of daredevil even if he had helped her in the comics as a lawyer . only thing good about this show is the performance Mike Colter, Kristen Ritter, David Tennant just nailed their performance . also what was the point of all those exaggerated intimate scenes? between Luke and Jessica it is watchable and tolerable but what of Trish and the cop?, Hogarth and her wife and her p.a. Pam.Eka Darville was also fantastic as Malcolm .They couldn't even get purple man right as a menacing and dangerous villain where as kingpin was a beast as compared to purple man. Tennant had very little screen time and he tries to justify the character as good as possible. the show had no script at all. useless boring plot dragged on for over and over until it had reached for the finale. the plot for each episode is very thin and stretches out for the whole season but ultimately serves no purpose of the show .The show doesn't even show Jessica's past clearly and effectively as to why she hates purple man.The supporting cast is useless and serve no purpose to the show except for cage and probably Malcolm as Jessica's support in the later episodes. Carrie Ann moss was god awful beyond reason and her character was completely misused.I mean why change her gender from the comics at all and make her gay where as they could have set up close ties to iron fist as he is getting his own show? Not even a single mention has been made that her character has close ties to Danny's father or his lawyer.The redundant subplot of the cop (or nuke as from comics)going AWOL all of a sudden in the middle is very pathetic. if they do get a second season get a new show creator or else don't make one. i had really high hopes for this one after daredevil but this is just beyond redemption. get your head straight "marvel" i mean it. also to mention how did she develop a immunity to purple man's power all of a sudden.In the comics it was jean Grey who helped her to put up a psychic wall in her mind to stop purple man to control her ..... OK i get it marvel doesn't have the right but at least they could have come up with something else other than just random immunity to his powers.Also no mention OR even a nod of Peter Parker(now that Spiderman's rights have reverted back to marvel)being her first crush or they shared the same college.absolutely no tie ins (very small and forgettable) with the rest of the m.c.u. felt like an very isolated show. Disappointed, to say the least. After Daredevil, which was terrific, comes this trash from the mind of... you guessed it Brian Michael Bendis, one of the worst Marvel Comics writers ever! I hope with the disappointment that this so obviously is, Bendis will not be let near anymore live action Marvel material. Just plain terrible!, Netflix, you were doing so well! If you like or love the Marvel Universe, do your best to AVOID this junk! The actors are all decent performers but the plot, dialogue, characters, scenes, all of it, couldn't hold my interest. Seems like every relationship was written in to get a useless, gratuitous scene. Jessica Jones is what happens when you strip off a superhero's spandex and explosions. Taking away the flash of Hollywood block-busters puts a great burden on both the plot and actors, and Jessica Jones excels in both.<br/><br/>The series is a must-see for anyone who likes a good thriller. Rather than using superpowers or alien gadgets, the main character's search for the villain is good old-fashioned PI work. The superpower that has the most relevance to the plot, mind-control of the wonderfully evil villain Kilgrave played by David Tennant, is not used in a quest to destroy the world but rather to pose difficult ethical questions: What would you do if you had the ultimate power? Who can be redeemed?<br/><br/>13 episodes leaves no time for fillers, keeping the plot moving fast. The cinematography is also great. Am I watching the same show as so many who post here? There are reviews of Jessica Jones with 9 and 10 stars with statements like, "Incredible, Marvelous, Brilliant, and (my favorite) Arguably the best Superhero Show to date." What in the "blankety-blank" are you watching?! Don't do drugs, and don't review shows after watching them while on drugs!! If you give this show 3 stars or more and gave Guardians of the Galaxy a 6 or more, you should be kicked off IMDb! Don't get me wrong, Guardians was entertaining, but it was the highest rated movie on IMDb history before people with some sense started reviewing it. I cannot, for any reason, understand how anyone can rate this show average, much less good. It's terrible! Now for the non-drug users: stop reviewing a show after 1 episode. Truth be told, the first episode was bad enough, but they progressively got worse. And stop giving a show high marks based solely on how bangable the actors are. Get a life! This show almost drove me to drug addiction... caffeine to be exact, as I needed plenty of it to stay awake for the 8 episodes I tortured myself through. I've watched turtle races that were more entertaining than this! Oh, it's dark, and even darker now that I've turned the TV off. Just because something is dark does not make it good. You actually have to act, have good writing, make characters interesting, and (if your a so-called superhero) do some superhero stuff. Punching a guys wife in the chest and killing her with one punch is not enough to convince me, as that's probably happened in real life! Oh wait, she can jump 8 feet in the air and break some handcuffs.... Wow, not interesting! David Tennant is the only positive of this show, as he did quite well with what he had to work with, even though his character kind of comes off as a spoiled little boy that won't share his toy. You know, he's done voice-overs and narrations before. I think they could have shown a claymation figure of him as Kilgrave and he still would have given the best performance on the show.<br/><br/>I also have to mention the total useless sex scenes. I think a sex scene can add to a story.... if it's sexy, or for that matter if it's a crime. But in JJ the scenes are too long, not sexy and poorly acted. It was like walking in on your parents... Ewe! OMG, I just read while writing this that season 2 probably won't happen. That's the best writing in this shows short history. What the hell? Rating of 8,6? How low is the bar these days??? Jessica Jones makes so many stupid decisions to keep the plot going for 13 Episodes and Killgrave is captured, running, captured, running, captured, running, facing Jessica, running, facing Jessica, running for about 6 to 7 episodes too many and too often. EVERY TIME something bad happens its because of an OBVIOUS bad decision of one of the main characters. EVERY TIME just humungous stupidity - I shook my head so often and hard I think I have a concussion from this series. JJ in literally every episode has the chance to end it all and/or not go the way of the main dilemma. She and all the other main characters in everyy freaking episode make Sitcom-like bad decisions. You sometimes feel like Kevin James in a wig should have played Jessica jones to accept the stupidity of her character. Also: Very bad CGI and very bad fight choreography. Well, actually they aren't really using CGI, but just always some weird off-putting camera angle to make it seem like she is jumping or somebody is flying through the air because of her strength. Or they use cardboard walls and stones. And the few CGI scenes they have is on a early 90s level - like Xena or something like that. Awful. Just Awful. I really really think they had something great there with Killgrave and Jessica jones in concept. Veryy badly written in the end. Another idea wasted to an episode filling lazy and most likely not that smart writing staff. I hope one day this will change and people will have more taste and brains to let a show like this succeed and get good ratings and reviews. But I guess the bar is just that low these days. Sad. It becomes increasingly irritating how the main character's 'no kill' policy creates more and more innocent deaths and drags out the storyline. <br/><br/>This applies to all the Netflix Marvel Series. <br/><br/>I don't know why the show can be so graphic and violent at times, but Jessica Jones allows Killgrave to do whatever he wants while she comes up with long winded and stupid ideas for stopping him. <br/><br/>He is a killer and a psycho ... end the problem and move the script on. <br/><br/>Dexter could kill every 'hero' in these new Marvel series in one episode. <br/><br/>I know a good show when I see it. This isn't one. Jessica Jones personality so frustrating to watch. She is like a young girl that didn't grow up. Constantly watching a drunken screw up With a constant sarcastic bitch face. Don't waste your time. Most of the low reviews on here are spot on Jessica Jones is a snarly bleak moody story primarily about drama. Disgusing itself as heroine chic but clogged by cliché.<br/><br/>The show hasn't set out it's outlining themes entirely as Noir, set in the city's criminal underbelly where grindhouse and exploitation take on this comic book portrayal. Instead it adds something else soul into it's colorful settings empowering her character by diversifying into further drama. The result shown has been another convoluted attempt trying to ground itself into reality, but has been drawn from a story set into fantasy. A comic book story full of superhero's and villains.<br/><br/>It just doesn't do her this superhero justice. Where we see some attempted emo offering us a snarly narration of why she has been scared of her own shadow, ultimately wanting to be shown as something else on TV. Forget about superhero, forget about choreography, forget about exploitation, forget about sexy. Lets just go and watch a different drama instead....<br/><br/>What in the what IMDb? Sort your ratings out! With the amount of reviewers and about 60% of reviews showing utter disappointment. How is this 8.8 rating you clowns? We love seeing strong women but there's so little else of interest here that I had to stop watching during the 4th episode of season 2. Maybe enjoyable for some but I had expectations of better after season 1. Is the liquor industry financing this stuff? Sales pitch to kids for booze. Season 1 was great, season 2 is not. 
Where should I even start? The plot and story is cliché, predictable and boring. Almost every character in season 2 gets annoying as the show progress. 
I know this show was released on Women's Day and wants to honor women but this season is over saturated with feminism to the point where it is unbearable. 
Jessica Jones was a promising show, but season 2 evidently destroyed that. 
A huge disappointment. What I really like about this show, is the dark atmosphere and the cinematography. Krysten Ritter is a good fit for the role of Jessica Jones. However, the show is nowhere near as good as Daredevil. Daredevil is addictive, Jessica Jones is more like something you keep watching because you have watched the good stuff already. The cinematography, the acting and directing is not the problem, what is bugging me are some really important and annoying flaws in the script. According to the story the antagonist's weapon, his voice, which he uses to command people as he pleases, works only when his victims are able to hear him. What would be easier than wearing ear-buds listening to loud music, thus being unable to hear the magic spells? Also, when Jessica is at arms length with Kilgrave and she could render him unconscious by punching him, she doesn't. Since the whole story about Kilgraves invincibility is based on the premise that you have to be able to hear his voice in order to be influenced, the whole logic-defying story collapses like a house of cards. Jessica Jones will never be as exiting and suspenseful as series like Daredevil or Gotham, unless they find a script writer who can produce plots that are based on logic rather than erratic ideas. Last but not least, there are a lot of annoying sex scenes for no reason. Jessica Jones was never a big player in the Marvel universe. I have no idea what they brought her character into a series, but it is poorly written and very poorly acted. The actress, playing Jones, is one of the worse actresses that I have ever seen on screen. The characters are all unlikeable, the script is boring and ridiculous. For those thinking that this is going to be something good to add to the Marvel universe - add it to the Fantastic Four, Electra, Ant-Man and Daredevil (the movie).<br/><br/>With all the interesting Marvel characters - this had to be the most idiotic choice I have ever seen. Miss Marvel or Black Panther would have been more interesting. Luke Cage and Jessica Jones were always third rate characters not worth even comic book space. The pilot started out pretty good, but it's just the same thing, over and<br/><br/>over and over. Kristin what's her name was pretty good as a junkie in Breaking Bad, but her monotone voice is just killing me.<br/><br/>The direction, writing and acting are pretty bad, and even though it's from a comic book, I wouldn't watch this one if you are over the age of fifteen.<br/><br/>This piece of garbage lacks any of the depth that Daredevil had, and is startlingly unoriginal; featuring the same villain for seven episodes in a row. It would have made a good two hour movie, but how many hours can you just keep going over the same story line? The fact that the great David Tenant chose to be in something like this doesn't say much for him. Please stop this series, it irritates to watch. One of the worst in Netflix shows and Marvel story lines. The main actor is hopeless. I'm afraid because of shows like this I might lose my interest in any and all shows permanently. Overall its not comparable to shows like Daredevil, Agents of shield, Agent Carter...etc. I was so looking forward to season two. A film noir style detective show with a superhero scifi twist. All the promise and coolness gets drowned out by propagating a very liberal negative feminist political world view while disparaging conservatives. There are deliberate slanders of middle "red states" America, pro illigal immigration (male protaganist forges green cards, illigal immigrant shop owner afraid to go to police when criminals target his business, etc.), anti-marriage, heavy lesbian overtones, anti-white male (white males are all Harvey Weinsteins), honorary mentions of climate change, etc. It reminds me of how all the fun and entertainment was taken out of supergirl as it became a liberal propaganda machine. When will the liberal screenwriters stop ruining a perfectly good scifi series and refrain from painting anyone who disagrees with their politics as morally inferior? Season one was not too bad but season 2 just seems to be a plot designed to slip in as much Social Justice Warrior culture as possible, Jessica has always been a hard character to like but that was the character she was supposed to be but season 2 is just boring and chasing the same SJW garbage that Supergirl is spewing out each week. Pity really had a little bit of potential. OK, so imagine there is a hormonal teenager who is having troubles with things around her and cannot get herself together and has a drinking problem. That's a common plot, but now imagine that that teenager is not a teenager but a grownup superhero. From the beginning of the show till the end of first season, Jessica Jones cannot get her act together, she cries about the same stuff, makes the same mistakes over and over again and you cannot tell the first episode apart from the last. <br/><br/>Jessica Jones is an endless continuation of a very weak plot and an even bad character building. For example, someone is good and then is unexplainably bad due to some drugs they took. There is no remorse. <br/><br/>Acting has to be one of the lowest points of the show. Except for Trish everyone including some accomplished actors were awful. <br/><br/>Lastly, I don't like the show because it is too dark and needlessly morbid. I don't know it is cool to kill off people needlessly to make a show intense? Surely we can do with less killing albeit they are just extras but still. bad direction, bad script. She was trying for ten episodes to catch him alive just to save a girl from prison (knowing that it will cost lives) and she ended trying to kill him because the girl killed herself. Even the "final" scene against killgrave was pathetic. how did she know what his plan was? she had plenty of opportunities to get rid of him but she screw it.Many directions mistakes:she punches a guy and send him ten feet away but they get beaten by 4-5 guys(kindnap episode) also the security reached the place faster than their truck as if they knew the location soundproof glass shutters with a couple of bullets Clemons take his hand off the handcuffs too easily only good from this mess was the acting of killgrave and the character of Luke Cage, i hope his TV show has different creators Poor writing cannot extend a story that could have been done in one hour.
Subplots of the lawyer and the other PI were irrelevant and painfully boring.<br/><br/>Marvel tried to create a series based on drabness and succeeded. Yawn. Stupidity in virtually EVERY character<br/><br/>Trish was so annoying I was yelling at the tv to please kill her<br/><br/>Jessica is getting progressively unlikeable<br/><br/>Overzealous feminism. Endless babbling. Really dumb subplots<br/><br/>Trish...please....die<br/><br/>I did like detective Costa and Karl. Also, the Killgrave cameos proved just how amazing that character and David Tennant were.<br/><br/>Oh, and the last 15 minutes weren't bad Yep. I watched a few episodes of this series, because there is an immense hype going around the web regarding this great series about Jessica Jones. I never really expected JJ to get her own show, I thought she would be a second character to a series with someone else's name. What did we get? A very common story of dark atmosphere, black and gray backgrounds, that give us a hero with pretty much psychological problems...again. I do not really get why people love to see heroes drink, have a terrible life, and always make the wrong choices with terrible consequences. Do they feel that they can relate? Like, is everyone on this Earth a schizo nowadays? We already have the massively increasing dark atmosphere of the Marvel movies lately, we got agents of shield getting darker and darker with each season (though in 3rd it is a bit balanced in recent episodes, and to me it was always lovable thanks to great Phil Coulson, keeping the whole series himself), we got Man of Steel with the dark atmosphere and a Superman who ends up killing in order to increase the drama and the darkness, we got Daredevil with...no need to explain, we had the Dark Knight Trilogy, as if we had to pick the darkest of Batmans for a movie, thanks both Miller and Nolan, we got the Arrow series in which Oliver is so much Nolanized and has little to do with good ol' Ollie in comics and now we get Jessica Jones with her rest of problems to bug us up. <br/><br/>The acting was not bad, gladly. Luke Cage was finally introduced to the MCU. David Tennant as Killgrave/Purple Man is probably, however, the only reason I will give the show so high a rating. He is as always the best. He always manages to bring his character to life, despite his role in the show.<br/><br/>No matter what, I have no need for another dark and gritty show for emo kids and alcoholics who want to relate to something desperately and need truly realistic heroes. Enjoy them, I will just stick to Flash, SuperGirl and Agents of Shield. Until Daredevil came out, I thought I was done with superheroes. I couldn't stand those horribly mediocre Hollywood films, which nowadays are based only on visuals and 3D, so that the "It's completely different, if you go to the cinema" types of people would be happy. Not to mention Arrow and other similar series, where everyone sooner or later becomes some kind of a superhero and a completely stereotypical character. To me, Daredevil was the turning point. It all started this whole deviation from these typical patterns, according to which it seems like every superhero film/ TV show is being made of, and Jessica Jones just brought to whole new level what Daredevil started. There is a saying that everything has been done before, and if you are watching TV shows on daily basis, you will probably have a hard time not believing it. But Jessica Jones proved me wrong and I can easily say that this adult Marvel Universe is one of the best things that could happen not only to superhero genre, but to TV shows in general. This show's season 1 was amazing. Incredible suspense, great performances by Krysten Ritter and David Tennant. It has a hero, that is not really a hero. She is someone who was severely broken and traumatized. It also has a truly terrifying yet charismatic antagonist with an even more creepy power. The noir/detective theme of the show is really interesting and the soundtrack is excellent. It is very different from most Marvel productions, and not in a bad way I watched the show due to David Tennant playing a leading role and was very happy with what I found. Good casting, interesting plot, good soundtrack and all round good entertainment. It did take a while for all the characters to come into play but by the time I reached the later episodes and an umpteenth escape for the villain I began to tire. This is not necessarily the fault of the creators but 13 episodes was too much time to fill and left the show to wonder a bit as it tried to fill time. A shorter 8 episode run would have made the story telling a whole lot tighter, eliminated the need for filler characters that did not make sense and provided the viewers with a much more fulfilling experience. It gets a 7 thanks to David Tennant and a great performance from him, without him I doubt I would have finished watching to the end. This is a series made for cult followers. Boring and weird. First episode... what even happened? Some guy is there, is not there, is there... controls girls minds? This isn't Marvel. This is a series for emus..... Bad job Marvel. Nothing extraordinary. Just the Usual things. That you are used to. Marvel are you even trying anymore? Jesus.. The other episodes were bad as well. 5/5. Would not Watch again. Wall of text incoming. Ladies Night? Come on.. That was 51 minutes that I am never getting back.. Jesus.. Why can't you make a normal series? This reminded me of daredevil, which was even worse than this bad series.. much worse and that's maybe hard to believe. Series 1. Brilliant acting and a wonderful, terrifying plot. Great female character. <br/><br/>But series 2 is a disaster. They've wildly overdone the feminist bit. The media is now over plugged into this and we've seen/heard all this feminist stuff - we've got the message ok!!<br/><br/>The result is that they've tried so hard with the female bit that they've forgotten to have a meaningful interesting plot for female and male watchers.<br/><br/>Watched two episodes and binned it. Shame Tennant as villain is the real star of this show. This show, dripping in woke tropes, can't really get over it's show runners unusual bent in order to tell a decent story. Should have stuck closer to the source material. What a bunch of losers! Jessica Jones is a big disappointment. As much as i liked Punisher and Daredevil, I hated Jessica. I really felt wasting hours on this. Pathetic, what she was trying to save eventually dies then she is just a big time loser not a hero. Nothing heroic in this series. Waste of time, writer and director must be doing time pass. Season 3 i ruined. Should have called this season Trish Walker. Boring and she is not a convincing superhero(got powers) and boy is the character stupid. I had read some favorable things about this Netflix TV series and was anxious to see it when it became available. My wife and I viewed the first 3 episodes and now have cut our losses.<br/><br/>I was a big comic book fan growing up but also was totally unaware of Jessica Jones until this series was out. Apparently she had been a super hero of sorts but is no longer. None of this is explained in any coherent way, if covered at all, in the first 3 episodes. That is my first disappointment, I don't enjoy watching a recurring series with no idea where things originated, like Jessica's super strength.<br/><br/>My second disappointment, and more critical, the episodes are not very interesting. Maybe they would be to a die-hard fan of the comic books. They seem to drag with little happening and episode three features three different times where Jessica and her man jumped into bed for some quick, hot sex. If this is the story line then it is going to a place I don't care about.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter, who was so good in "Breaking Bad", is in the lead as Jessica Jones. She may be playing the role exactly the way the director and producers want but to me she is very underwhelming, almost boring. She is attractive enough but not enough to make one want to watch just for her looks, and her character seems just a mess.<br/><br/>I am aware that this is exactly what some like to watch, but I am not one of them. Just like Jessica Jones' super-human strength, Netflix has proved its own strength in producing yet another high-quality TV series. (Ughh, am I really going to include this sentence) Jessica Jones is the story about a private investigator, Jessica Jones, an alcoholic retired superhero, who battles with the devil of her past, a mind controller known as Kilgrave. Learning about her rough past and her current problems, we learn that Jessica Jones is a very broken character that proves to be a compelling protagonist. <br/><br/>After an admittedly slightly stale start, the show quickly began to pick up speed. The catalyst for this was the introduction of Kilgrave, the sociopathic adversary to Jessica Jones. His vile, delusional view of the world made him the character that I was most interested in by far. Of course, this was undoubtedly aided by David Tennant's stand- out performance. He owned every scene he was in, and was able to capture the anger and sadness of Kilgrave perfectly. Kilgrave might just well be one of the best Marvel villains portrayed on the screen. Not to mention his regular use of British expressions that make him a very likable enemy. <br/><br/>In general, all of the performances were very good, especially Krysten Ritter's sarcastic, threatening portrayal of Jessica Jones. The show looks very good as well; the shady, gritty streets of Hell's Kitchen were very good at reflecting the dark nature of the show. <br/><br/>However, this show does have a few faults. The main part of the show was about Jessica Jones vs. Kilgrave, but there were quite a few distractions that seemed to distract from the main plot. For example, I really didn't care too much about the Hogarth divorce fiasco, it all seemed to take away the impact of the Jones/Kilgrave relationship. Cutting out the unnecessary parts would have made a shorter, yet better-quality show. <br/><br/>After the high expectations set from Netflix's previous endeavour – Daredevil – I am pleased to say that Jessica Jones did not disappoint (mostly). If anything, Jessica Jones does go even deeper and darker into the Marvel universe than its predecessor, frequently dealing with complex issues such as sexual abuse and murder. Like Daredevil, this show is very drama focused. Most of the characters do use their abilities on the side-line (with the exception to this rule being Kilgrave obviously). This does allow for a very fresh perspective to the superhero genre, especially when compared to the very action- heavy films that Marvel produces. Overall, Jessica Jones is a very dark, enthralling show, and it provides a solid foundation for the build- up to The Defenders. There's certainly a lot to like about Jessica Jones, from the NOIR-ish feel, to the expertly cast Krysten Ritter, who gives a performance of her career, to the very human feel female characters, to the interesting and surreal adaptation of Killgrave, aka the Purple Man. The rape subtext also gives the narrative power Incidentally one of the first old comics I ever bought was Purple Man's first appearance in issue 3 (I believe) of DareDevil. Sort of this whimsical villain who has evolved over the years into a sadistic rapist and con man; a version made famous by the comic Alias and adapted into this show. A character who never really got to live up to his potential until Brian Michael Bendis recently plucked him from obscurity.<br/><br/>Another great and mysterious character introduced is Luke Cage, aka Powerman, aka Iron Fists partner as a hero for hire. The use of him in the show is a very double edged sword. In the comics and show he is clearly more powerful than Jessica Jones, so they make him more of a background character. An occasional hook up and then future love interest for the main star. Their relationship is the main attraction. I felt their courtship (if that's what we even call it these days) to be very realistic. Living in a big sprawling iconic American City myself, it was nice to see them deftly avoid the romantic comedy cliché'. The will they won't they. They start having sex, it becomes something more, end of story. Nice, clean, simple. However we really never get to see him be Luke Cage, a man powerful enough to join both the Fantastic Four and Avengers. His powers are shown, but never really explored, and while this might be because it's Jessica's show, it gives his character a muted feel.<br/><br/>Her junkie friend Malcolm is another great addition. It is both a credit to his acting and the writers for properly showing drug addiction. Carrie Anne Moss as the gender bent Lawyer of Danny Rand also makes a huge splash. Trish "Patsy" Walker however is a tad boring. Why couldn't she have been Hellcat? Or been a former action star who played a movie character called Hellcat? Or even been in a Hellcat costume once? SMH.<br/><br/>Okay...now for the criticism.<br/><br/>It's long, and boring. Perhaps the worst thing any show could be. The show doesn't ever feel like a show, it feels like a 90 minute John Wick style cat and mouse that got drawn out endlessly. I feel as though every important scene could've been covered in 4 episodes, 7 tops. Instead what should have been a slow burn, becomes tedious and overwrought. Filled with too many characters no one cares about, and absent too many characters the audience could've cared about.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are also, quiet frankly, horrible. They belong on old episodes of Lois and Clark or the Incredible Hulk. Her super strength consists of picking guys up, then throwing them, and the camera cutting to a distance that is far away, you know for a girl to throw a guy. Which is also sort of insulting to the comic character. She ought to be able to throw people a block, instead her powers seem more like "strength of Arnold Schwarzenegger in body of skinny girl". After watching the show I'd pick regular human strength DareDevil over her. She has no style, no grace, no semblance of training, which considering her past you'd have to assume she has some. Action scenes, like the hallway fight, were used in Daredevil to break up the tension and monotony of waiting on the shows lead villain, as was the court room drama.<br/><br/>This show never really has that go-to. Some sex scenes, many of which unnecessary, but mostly it's just Jessica Jones being a home body. No going to the gym to take out aggression? Her over anxious paranoia wore thin as well. Allegedly every extra on set was just a pawn for Killgrave, or not. Probably not. That part never had the thematic impact I felt it should have. The repeating of the street names also became annoying. It's fine to show the PTSD from being raped, but I shouldn't have seen something repeated so many times in four episodes, to the point where it becomes tedium.<br/><br/>In the end the length ruined an otherwise great show. I really do want to emphasize that all the components are indeed great, it's the sum of those parts that are lacking. It would've been an outstanding 2 hour movie or show half it's length. What kills it is the filler, creating a meandering pace that never goes anywhere, and whose conclusion is forecast in episode one. In writing there is an old adage that you'd should do in two hundred pages what you can accomplish in thirty. Perhaps I've ignored that writing this overly long review, but in my defense I'm just trying to capture the spirit of the show. Pros:
<ul><li>Strong independent female leading character</li><li>Her style</li><li>Charismatic British psychopath</li><li>Theme of abusive relationships is kind of being explored</li></ul>Cons:
<ul><li>All the characters are totally cardboard ones</li><li>They're inconsistent too</li><li>Too much of pretentiousness vs absolute lack of substance or interesting plot</li><li>Lots of moments that are downright laughable or cringy</li><li>Robyn. I mean could they make someone more caricaturistic than that?</li></ul> Where to start? Which is worse, the lead actress's acting...or the drill 'n pump sex interludes? Don't get me wrong, Kristen Ritter is very cute in a dorky kind of way but a tough, cynical boozing world-weary PI? With her single expression a constant dead-eyed adolescent pout? Reminds me why I was so happy when Walter White decided not to wake her up. Not that it's all her fault. I mean when a lush asks a clerk for the cheapest bourbon on the shelf & in the next scene she's drinking Wild Turkey, someone is pulling someone's leg. Or when Jessica is indulging in gymnastic sex with Luke how come he's always naked & she's mostly fully clothed. (The most likely answer is that he's in far better shape than she is.) Then there are all the obligatory PC tropes: Lesbians in power roles, put-upon African-American victims, kinky incestuous sort-of funny neighbors.<br/><br/>The overall plot comes off like a bad rip-off of The Following that had Kevin Bacon in the Jessica role. Boy, memories (& taste) do get shorter & shorter. I really wanted to love this show. <br/><br/>I loved Daredevil and some Netflix originals (House of Cards, Bloodline, Narcos, Marco Polo).<br/><br/>But this Jessica Jones series (after finishing the first 6 episodes) is just boring. It's retarded. I might have liked this how if I were mentally retarded. Then every stupid thing that happens in this show would make sense. <br/><br/>I wasn't expecting a lot of actions. But the action scenes here are just stupid and lame. <br/><br/>The character development is also lame. I couldn't care any less for any of the characters, especially the villain Killgrave. <br/><br/>It's no fun to me when the main antagonist/villain is 100% evil. No emotions. No excitement IMO. <br/><br/>I would much prefer to feel something for the villain. But I just hated this Killgrave character 100%.<br/><br/>I also hated the main protagonist Jessica Jones. Her character is 100% pathetic. Boring. Inconsistent. Retarded. Trashy. <br/><br/>Man, I really wanted to like this series. <br/><br/>I can't even think of a single character in this series that I like. Really banal show. 100% cliché. Not worth the time.<br/><br/>I am just so disappointed.<br/><br/>Hopefully Daredevil season 2 will still be awesome. Same thing with The Punisher. Unfortunately, Jessica Jones will probably be back since the ratings are high.<br/><br/>Edit: I am now watching season 02 of Daredevil. Wow. DD Season 2 starts off on warp speed from the first second and never lets up. And that's just from watching 2 episodes. I have a feeling every episode will end on a mega cliffhanger (hopefully except episode 13).<br/><br/>The pace seems relentless when you have The Punisher + Daredevil.<br/><br/>I still cannot believe DD is the same universe as Jessica Jones (JJ). DD seems to be on a whole different Galaxy compared to JJ.<br/><br/>I really hope Netflix will keep DD 100% separate from JJ/Luke Cage (LC)<br/><br/><ul><li>The Defender series. I think they will just drag DD down. That will be a sad day. </li></ul><br/><br/>Please do NOT merge JJ/LC characters with DD. <br/><br/>Just do DD + Punisher.<br/><br/>Edit 04/07/16: Okay, I forced myself to finish watching the entire season of JJ S01. I was hoping somehow they could turn things around. <br/><br/>This is my final conclusion: Jessica Jones is unequivocally one of the WORST TV series of all times. Period. Most negative reviews about vulgarity etc. are most likely coming from the interracial coupling on the show, however, my grievance is one of acting, set design, dialogue and pacing of the script - nothing works. Strong female characters can be believable, if done right such as Beatrice Kiddo in Kill Bill. Krysten Ritter is simply not a good enough actor to carry the show. Her delivery seems like she JUST read the lines from a script and has something more interesting scheduled in her personal life, after the shoot. Also, dialogue such as the gem "Our marriage is over, we don't even do oral" makes you think how far removed the writers are from real life. This is no Daredevil and does not deserve its placement in the same universe. I just watched a few episodes and couldn't force myself anymore. A missed opportunity. I almost gave up on Season 3 until I got to the 4th or 5th episode and was hooked for the rest of the season. It's been a while since I watched seasons 1 and 2 and I don't remember enough about them. I only remember that I binge watch them too and liked them enough to anticipate a Season 3. I just might re-watch the first 2 seasons now that I've forgotten so much of what they were about that it will be more like watching them for the first time. Either I don't get the new world of Marvel or they don't. I liked one episode, that was it. Won't watch the 3rd season, for sure This is honestly great! I can't understand why some people review this series so badly.<br/><br/>I admit I was reluctant at first as to what my opinion of this show was and whether it was something that I could regularly follow, however I quickly warmed to it and grew to appreciate its dark tone. This darker take on a Marvel superhero makes for quite a refreshing change, since Marvel's work is more than often aimed at a child audience.<br/><br/>This show has a great plot which grows increasingly tense, intriguing and revealing as it progresses, and its characters are all finely crafted as likable yet unconventional heroes and David Tenant is actually quite effective as the repulsive and psychotic villain Kilgrave.<br/><br/>The action and effects are also consistently good, however I personally enjoyed watching this series more for its story and character development. I would definitely recommend this series and very much eagerly await its next season which this one suitably sets up in the finale. I have been a regular on IMDb for the past 7 years, but never have I ever been so compelled to write a review!<br/><br/>I was so amped up to watch Jessica Jones! And its all turned out to be a huge waste of my time!<br/><br/>POOR STORY! Overly dramatic ACTING(Except for Kilgrave)! Nothing boils my blood more than characters making dumb life choices! And BELIEVE me JJ is full of it!<br/><br/>And on top of everything else, I see people rating the serial 9/10 and even the individual episodes are 8.8 to 9.2 stars!<br/><br/>I'm EXTREMELY disappointed at this show. Maybe coz after Daredevil I had such high hopes! I bet you if you watch this show, you will be pulling your hair out by the time you get to the 11 episode(that's when I started contemplating suicide!) Jessica Jones is flat-out awful. It limps along like a marathon runner with a leg that has fallen asleep. Nothing propels the story. It's just a haphazard mess for about 10 episodes, lumbering along aimlessly.<br/><br/>The show promises a mystery – that's what private eyes solve – but doesn't deliver one. There is no solution to unravel, no big crime to thwart, no plan to stop, no mystery to solve. The antagonist's goal is weak and preposterous, known around episode 7, and something that should have been resolved in two hours instead of 13. There is no sense of building drama or excitement until the last 3 episodes or so when the bad guy's threat increases.<br/><br/>And when the hero realizes she is stronger than the villain, she doesn't kill him. The show keeps on going and going and going. As if Judd Apatow was somehow involved.<br/><br/>The story is not helped by annoying supporting characters making dumb decisions who stick around long past their usefulness or incessant flashbacks that do nothing to advance the plot.<br/><br/>The title character is solid and the only reason I kept watching was Krysten Ritter, who I adore and is a perfectly cast anti-hero. With another storyline and a more-stylized look, Jessica Jones might make a kickass 2-hour movie.<br/><br/>(P.S. Episode 10 cliffhanger is dynamite. Too bad they all weren't like that.) Jessica Jones is a slut that has trouble with the truth. Taking it out on the bottle and the first thing she sees. Trying to be normal because she is super and none of it makes any sense, becomes a detective on real easy cases, because she is so easy. It's plain to see that she was created by a woman, as it involves no action, just mental issues and fornicating with no bounds whilst still trying to make it into the pg-14 time slot like an innocent twist of twilight into the darkness of hell's kitchen.<br/><br/>Seems a lot of series and movies are just for unrealistic inter- racial porn. This one seems to want to push that boundary since I have never seen "action" like that in a comic book by marvel. <br/><br/>I rate this 1 only because a rating is required. I wrote this because I'm compelled to warn people about wasting their time. Though started with high expectations, Jessica Jones completely failed to grab the attention that daredevil or Marco Polo achieved. Going to point out some details of it. <br/><br/>the story does not seems compelling. What's been the aim of the villain? To love or to kill or both? and many a times, the scenes jump without any reason. within 14 days, a support group makes drug addict a normal person, the group is created and then broke down within the 14 days. Makes no sense. <br/><br/>Significant lack in details. Prisoner, who just killed parents are still wearing makeups, the guy who does not need to leave, decides to leave and then stay without any explanation, and many more. TO be honest this is one of the worst Netflix I have ever seen. I predict Jessica Jones will be an even bigger hit than Daredevil. The series is fantastic! It is not just your regular super-hero story. It is more like a chilling noir thriller with hints of horror. It reminds me of the great characters lived by Humphrey Bogart on the silver screen: Samuel Spade, Philip Marlowe the villain is so evil that it also brings to mind Silence of The Lambs, Angel Heart, Bone Colector, 7even. Think "Philip Marlowe has PMS and he is out to take Hannibal Lecter" ...both with superpowers. ;) Jessica is the most human superhero I've ever seen. She's an extraordinary woman, but she is hurt and she is freaking angry. If in Daredevil, Murdock was afraid of crossing the line, Jessica doesn't give a damn. She has however her own dichotomy. While somehow fragile, scarred and fearful, she can be a bitch to those who get on her way. Krystin Ritten is perfect as a 21st century Bogart and so is David Tennant as the super villain. He is introduced slowly and painfully and I promise: you will hate his guts! Both are Emmy material for sure.<br/><br/>As one would expect, the series is well produced, impeccably written and shot, incredibly well performed and directed, with a great atmosphere, a gorgeous sound-track, a lot of tension build-up and non-stop suspense. Great stuff! I really recommend! Don't miss out! after watching the first season of daredevil I expected more of this quasi heroin . Unfortunately this series it lacks ofr drama, argument or special effects. <br/><br/>The alleged Super woman in comics only managed to bleed once in the nose, isn't stronger here, and is shown as a confused teenager not more stronger than a sumo wrestler, and very bad actress.<br/><br/>. I had hopes for this series but it's really a crap.<br/><br/>While the villain is well played it was boring and redundant whitout the magic achieved in kingping. <br/><br/>In short very very bad series abstain from see it!!! ! All other characters are fine but trish runs everything shes in also sucks cuz shes a main character both season 2 and 3 season 1 was so much better I cant even finish season 3. It's slow. Its boring.i dont like any of the characters. After 5 episodes realizing I'm still not intrigued soo I'm done. It's too bad. Season one was good. Season two well it was good enough. This show has been all over the net,with stuff about how good it is,and how you must see it. Well I tried the pilot,and it sucks! I rather watch paint dry,at least then something happens.<br/><br/>You are suppose to feel sympathy with the main character cause she has PTSD,and drinks heavily .But after 10 min you realize. You don't really care about anything about her. The women is flat out boring,she has one facial expression, all the time(like so many other of today's young actors)<br/><br/>What disappointed me the most,aside from the choice of actress for the lead.Was that the pilot story is just dull and boring.The pilot is supposed to hook you in,make you wanna watch the rest.Not claw your eyes out I hope to god Daredevil season 2 is way better She's sarcastic, witty, grumpy, with tons on flaws. Ritter plays the character brilliantly with just enough snark not to hate her. The show is also brilliantly cast throughout.<br/><br/>I will note Jessica Jones is dark and deals with heavy situations that might be not suitable for everyone. I tried to make it through the whole season but it was so boring I couldn't force myself. It's basically a G rated porno, her and her bartender talk for a bit they have sex they talk for a bit they have sex they talk for a bit they have sex no nudity which makes it even dumber because of the amount of sex scenes, it's repetitive and boring, if it's suppose to be a long agonizing nonporn porno with absolutely no action and ignorant plot then they nailed it!! The only way they have the high rating they have is if all the Netflix employees were forced to write good reviews because no one could actually enjoy this extremely boring show unless they're blind and deaf Couldn't sit through 5 episodes. One of the boring shows i've ever seen. Positives:
<ul><li>Main cast</li><li>Jessica and Kilgrave</li><li>Tone and atmosphere</li><li>Musical score</li><li>Season 1 story</li></ul><br/><br/>Negatives:
<ul><li>First half of season 2</li><li>Some of the pacing</li></ul><br/><br/>Favorite season: 1 Thirteen episodes and hours of one's life to tell the story of Jessica Jones and Killgrave was just too much to wade through, and so are the serial montages of Killgrave's graphic murder spree, which supposedly take place in Hell's Kitchen, NY, although very little film devoted to the gritty, shadowy Hell's Kitchen we knew in Daredevil. <br/><br/>This is no Daredevil, to be sure, and there is not even a mention of the blind superhero, or of Spider-Man, two marvel characters who frame the Jones character and the Killgrave (Purple Man) character. Jones was a Midtown High student with a crush on Peter Parker, while Killgrave is defeated by Daredevil only to escape prison and seize control of Jessica. You wouldn't know that watching this, nor would you know that this is even taking place in the Marvel universe but for a mention of the Avengers' epic and destructive battle with Loki's intergalactic minions. The writers of Jessica Jones apparently didn't think the comic book context of their character was important, a major failing. <br/><br/>So Jessica Jones on TV is detached from Hell's Kitchen, detached from the Marvel Universe, two things that might have been rectified by limiting the Killgrave story to five or six episodes, if not fewer. But no, even as hundreds die or are injured in grisly mind control slasher scenes largely due to the main character's lack of wits, the viewer is treated to bad melodrama and unimportant dialogue. Where's the determination to end the story, to, you know guys, CATCH THE BAD GUY!!! Spider-Man (most Marvel heroes) would have hung it up failing so badly, and while that seems unfair to say, is it really? No character even thinks to cover their ears until dons some earphones in the final episode. Netflix's Jessica Jones characters are not so much troubled as incapable, and that's not a good thing in a superhero story. Starts out promising but quickly has you scratching your head, not because you're confused but because you are wondering how Marvel let this happen.<br/><br/>Most motives are weakly justified and you can't help but think "isn't there a better way to do this?" on multiple occasions. The villain's motive is one of the most vague ones. When the writer actually seemed to decide to clarify a motive, it really isn't convincing.<br/><br/>Speaking of the villain. Though David Tenant's acting is a good effort it's truly not the best (Eka Darville playing Malcolm deserves most credit here). Tenant unfortunately brings no substance to the Kilgrave character. He's like Doctor Who gone bad, and just a little more serious. A villain who in the early parts of the show was portrayed as terrifying quickly becomes a player in a cat and mouse chase which keeps switching sides for questionable reasons.<br/><br/>Lots of unnecessary characters are introduced and left half developed. Not only do we not care as much as they are made to look like we should, but most of them play no real role in the advancement of the plot and at best are used as excuses for key events.<br/><br/>The director takes huge shortcuts in the portrayal of the powers. You could almost hear the words "that would be too expensive" as you watch the embarrassing scenes. Just about excusable for a low budget feature film but for a Marvel, Netflix original with so much hype and expectation, it's shameful.<br/><br/>---Could be considered slight spoilers ahead--- Promising plans are made and abandoned at the smallest let downs because how else would the season be 13 episodes long if it was that easy right? So lets try a worse idea and then abandon that too. It's shameful how the reasons for pivotal actions which you expect to grow, develop and cause tension and hysteria are quickly wiped over once what's done is done simply used as a reason for it to be done sometimes even unnecessarily. It's a pathetic attempt at justifying adding tension elements and abandoning them half baked. This show is just lame. Lame typical story of an anonymous "hero", who is being dealing with the past as well as working through their issues, plus they have been seen by somebody (uhhhhh, big twist:/)... <br/><br/>Marvel has become so popular that TV makes are taking small time "heroes" that are cheap to lease form them and trying to make them into a cool TV show. Well it is too much for me. It is the same story over and over again but this time, there is a chick who's name is Jessica Jones.. Really?! Failed attempt on making a second Daredevil show. And almost as lame and cheesy as Arrow but not quite. All the people saying this is amazing and awesome had been possessed by the idea: Wow, every "original" series Netflix makes is great. No, this is lame and a waste of my time. This is just a general review of what I felt overall having just finished the finale.<br/><br/>The first season was brilliant, 8/10. If you haven't watched JJ then just watch S1.<br/><br/>The second season was rubbish and so was the third, 5-6/10. Hence I downgraded my overall rating from 8/10 to 7/10.<br/><br/>Trish Walker was such a lame character and the fact that she features more prominently in the plot for S2 and S3 probably explains part of why the show went downhill.<br/><br/>S3 was the end for the show just in the same way as Daredevil which itself was a brilliant show and didn't really dip the way JJ did (blame Netflix/Disney).<br/><br/>JJ for the average viewer can feel like a bit of a drag so bare that in mind, but again it's worth it in S1 as the whole premise is she's a private investigator dealing with a bad guy/girl over the series. One of the worst series I ever attempted to watch. I tried the first episode but it was a dreadful dirge. Both the "acting" and "plot" are terrible.<br/><br/>The series tries to shock the audience with it's sex scenes and lesbian and mixed race relationships but fails miserably. Very much so 20 years ago and doesn't help the plot which is disjointed enough without these failed attempts to shock the audience.<br/><br/>Whatever you do don't try watching this with your kids. It is not suitable for a younger audience. I am really disappointed with this and other netflix produced movies right now. The conventional movies on Netflix are also dated. it is enough for me to consider canceling my subscription. Holy female bad-ass, Netflix's Jessica Jones is Marvel-ous. You'll stay up until the wee hours binge-watching episode after episode until you can't keep your eyes open--it's THAT kind of show. <br/><br/>Great casting, acting, music, writing, and cinematography aside, Jessica Jones (played by Ann Hathaway lookalike Krysten Ritter) is a character you'd want to watch even if she didn't possess superpowers. Beneath Jessica Jones' ability to throw 300-lb. guys through walls is an aching fragility. She is conflicted, boozy, peeved, sh*t-talking, embraces her own sexuality, thinks fast on her feet, and is devoted to what she does. Jessica's bordering-on-con- artist skills as a private detective are especially entertaining.<br/><br/>Fair warning: There are sexually explicit scenes–-no nudity but, whoah--and occasional gore (maybe every three episodes.) <br/><br/>More than any other series except Orange is the New Black, Jennifer Jones brims with a perfect cast of interesting, strong female characters, notably Carrie-Ann Moss of Matrix/Trinity fame and Australian actress, Rachael Taylor, probably best known by American audiences as Maggie Madsen in Transformers (2007--and for looking an awful lot like a grownup 24's Elisha Cuthbert.<br/><br/>In case you haven't watched Jennifer Jones yet, I'll hold back from revealing which actor was chosen to play the sociopathic, mind-controlling super villain, but I will say this: the casting choice was brilliant. I am only at episode 5 and already disappointed.. The episode is being dragged out painfully slowly and doesn't really seem to be heading anywhere. Jessica is defined as your typical hero with a hero- complex, 'I can take care of it by myself.. I need nobody's help.. I am better off alone..' attitude and as expected, her plans are never ever far thought out.. more emotion/sentiments than careful planning.. The main villain, of course, is always 10 steps ahead of her..<br/><br/>The writing is inconsistent too.. Jessica has demonstrated super- strength and with one blow she ended a beating heart yet somehow when she almost gets Kilgrave, she seems to have trouble knocking his guards out as they eventually overpower her with their electric sticks.. The police dude even fights better than she does yet she has super-strength?? Yes, she doesn't want to kill them believing them to be all under Kilgrave's mind control but from her experience, should know how to knock them out for good.. She's actually done this earlier in the series but for some reason, in episode 5, she is powered down a bit by the writers just to advance the plot?? <br/><br/>Very very frustrating to watch.. it just shows that at this point the writers could not come up with any more creative way to get Kilgrave to escape..<br/><br/>Also that she is focused only on Kilgrave and nothing else is going on up till episode 5 is extremely boring. She is supposed to be SUPER but all they have really shown is her easily breaking metal locks and throwing some people about.. The jumps are just pitiful.. not believable at all.. <br/><br/>I don't feel like watching the remaining episodes.. Everything which came after was a big mess. Too long, too boring. The show just wanted to be political correct and couldnt manage to have a proper villain. Just stop watching after season 1... I very much loved season one and I can't believe I was waiting for this for three years. During season one I cared about all the characters and the stories. However, season 2 is extremely weak: as much as I wanted to, I didn't care about any of the characters and any of the stories; the show was extremely slow; the protagonist and the antagonist never had clear goal for more than a couple of episodes and they were not goals I cared about; Trish and Malcolm became so annoying (and I loved them the previous season). The only exception to all this is Jerry, but her story just didn't seem like a part of this show, more like a standalone. I just can't point to a single thing that I liked in season 2. I had to watch it in fast-forward after a few episodes just so I don't drop it. I really hope they get proper writers for next season. I only give it a 6/10 because of season 1, otherwise it would be a 1/10. I agree with most of the reviews that season 2 was a flop, which lead me to downgrade my rating to 7, only cause season 1 was excellent. Well season 3 ended this series brilliantly. Okay, you've read the headline.<br/><br/>Season Two was okay as far as background stories go, but Season Three is really taking the sister-sister relationship drama that caused S2 to drag to a whole new level of unnecessary and boring. By episode 3 or S3 you'll literally be asking yourself "Is this actually going anywhere? Anywhere at all? And how many flashbacks to the same scene can we possibly be shown?" And you STILL haven't been shown a super villain. Plus the character of Hogarth, who was amazing in S1, has become mere filler by S3, occupying each unfulfilling episode like some sort of ghost the producers clearly feel obligated to show for no other reason than that she's gay. If this were a show about gay people relationships and not a superhero show, it might be an interesting drama about Hoharth's personal intimacy hangups, but it serves zero purpose in furthering the story arc in the Jessica Jones series. The main character is Jessica, and every time the story jumps tracks to follow Hogarth, it needlessly protracts and muddles an already boring series. I liked how Jessica's powers are underplayed. She rips a car door off or crushes padlock like its nothing special, like its a cheap party trick, no big deal. Jessica's detective skills are what she really relies on, her powers make things more convenient thats all. It does give her a more male/macho attitude of never having to worry about walking into a dark alley. Jessica's fearlessness is as much due to her "life sucks" noir attitude as her powers though. And a big part of Killgrave's threat is that he represents something worse than mire death. The inconsistency is MADDENING! In some scenes she takes out several well trained men. In other scenes she loses a fight to a female with a stick....it's absolutely BS! The writers are either 6 years old or on crack.
Some episodes are cleverly written and seem well though out...and then the plot will fall off the table like a creamsicle melting on an August sidewalk.
I think the writer gets fatigued and let's his 4th grade daughter finish up most episodes. Trish Walker character is so sick, season 3 sucks even more OMG...I can't tell you how disappointed I was in this. Huge Marvel fan, and I really liked, albeit didn't love, Daredevil, also created by/for Netflix. <br/><br/>The first "tell" is that Melissa Rosenberg (Twilight saga producer and director, anyone?) is the producer and creator for this, and if that just made you throw up in your mouth a little--run, do not walk away from this. First, sure, it's a female action adventure heroine; but that doesn't mean that the whole d**n show has to be all women, all the time! It's absurd--like there are no male characters to be had, that don't exist either for sex or as a side story. The best character is, as already mentioned by dozens of other reviewers, played by David Tennant. I can always watch him chew up the scenery, that's for sure.<br/><br/>However, the storyline is just TORTURED. I mean, sure, hero has adversary, hero chases adversary, hero has setbacks. But in this series, the heroine is either stupid, or the writers are--take your pick. She seems to NOT learn, repeatedly. She makes the same error, over and over. Sure, she's a drunk, but stupid?<br/><br/>The next obvious and HUGE problem is: if you can be controlled, absolutely, by some a$$hat, using his VOICE, you should either be smart enough NOT to get near him, or, for the love of heaven, SHOOT HIM. Now, I realize that most Marvel heroes don't run around shooting people; but by episode 9-10, if not earlier, it's starting to IRK you as a watcher, as it seems a perfectly obvious solution.<br/><br/>The ubiquitous Hollywood stereotypes are also there; a gay couple (of course!). Now, if LGBT folks comprise 4% of the population, they must be 100% of Hollywood, because it seems like every new show has as a main character or characters a gay couple or bi couple or whatever. (If you saw that other god-awful Netflix show, with the other enhanced people--the telepaths--you know what I mean when I say, "whatever.") What bothers me about THIS stereotype, however, is that the tough female attorney is, OF COURSE, a lesbian. It's as if the same woman who piloted TWIFRIGHT can't imagine that tough women can be straight, and it's bloody offensive to those of us who are both tough and straight females. <br/><br/>I watched all the episodes, prior to writing this review, because a) I wanted to be fair, and b) I kept thinking, "Netflix, Marvel, this will get better." But it doesn't. It just languishes and drags. It's simply badly made. Like the Twilight movies, it's made overly long by lagging plot-lines and crap dialogue. <br/><br/>There's also a major plot-hole, that makes no sense to me; at one point, the Scoobies (the good guys, such as they are) find out that the villain's father can construct an "antidote" to the villain's evil powers, right? Well, the idiots all walk into what is unarguably a trap, knowing it is...and the next thing the viewer knows, the father is now making a potion that will super-strength the villain. The antidote seems to simply disappear, which makes NO sense. The obvious plan would have been to give a dollop of the ANTIDOTE to the father, before going into the trap, knowing that the villain would snatch HIM. But not only do they not do this--bear in mind, the antidote is already made!--but it simply evaporates out of the story-line, as if it never existed. Hunh? What, now the heroine is not the only stupid person, but the viewers are expected to be, as well?<br/><br/>Until the very last scene of the Big Confrontation, nobody has the brains to wear ear protection. DUH. It's just insipid. I feel embarrassed for the creators and authors behind Marvel's Jessica Jones comic, after watching this.<br/><br/>Lastly: almost none of the characters were likable, or even remotely tolerable. The twin-sibling neighbors are beyond irksome and somewhat twisted. When one dies, the other becomes a dangerous PITA. The former junkie neighbor, however, is both a decent actor and a not-bad character. The two gay women are at least mostly realized characters, if stupid stereotypes. Luke Cage is fairly well done, but (like the Twilight people!) his emotional swings seem more like menopause then a normal (or enhanced) person's feelings.<br/><br/>So..nope, won't ever watch this again. Just sad and borderline dreadful. You've been warned. Why do all superheroes TV series are not about straight thinking and common sense who make use of their good powers? Instead they are about pessimism, pathetic fixation to self-isolation and self-pity, lack of common sense, emotional and not very smart with bad judgement. All of these just to emphasize the villains, and make superheroes stories more like average human, what's the point?<br/><br/>Of all the superheroes TV series, CW loves self-loathing heroes, CBS offers naive but eager heroes, and Netflix just loves dark hero characters with many bad choices.<br/><br/>Why do TV networks love promoting pessimism and extremism in human with super abilities? Why can't it be about hero complex, but remove the pathetic and obsessive factors? There ought to be a realistic balance between the heroes and villains with consistent storyline to stick to the original notion that sparks so many comic readers. Otherwise, there is nothing special to it than just another vampire or ghost or dark side TV series. This is a work of art, unlike any superhero series, it focuses on the drama around Jessica and Kilgrave, it does not show a woman flying around saving people or punching people, it follows the comic perfectly with the R-rated rating and also how battered her life is and people around her. Best marvel series ever made till date. other things about this series is the fact that they don't care about normal superhero stuffs that is secret lair, costumes, running around at night looking for troubles, and the fact that she doesn't consider herself to be a superhero who needs to save her city. and also the fact that they did not make super powers look like one special thing as she breaks locks or jumps to fire escape or stops moving cars is absolutely exquisite. for all marvel fans this is a most watch and DC fans this is JESSICA JONES. Having enjoyed Daredevil very much I thought I would give this show a chance as well. And it does have a very similar feel to it that Daredevil had. <br/><br/>This show takes place in the Marvel universe but it much grittier and darker than what we saw in movies such as the Avengers. <br/><br/>It focuses on the character Jessica Jones who is a Private Investigator and has super-human strength. But Jessica has a dark past with the man known as Kilgrave who has a very strong interest in Jessica though she tries very hard to keep her distance from him. Unfortunately, a missing person case that she is involved in leads her straight back to Kilgrave and she is now dealing with the damage he is causing to her and her loved ones. <br/><br/>This show is a joy from start to finish. Around episode 6 is when things really pick up, with many twists and turns to keep you on the edge of your seat. There is enough mystery and character development mixed in with some action-packed fights to really pull you in.<br/><br/>The only downside, in my opinion, was that there were times it just felt like an extended chase sequence. Where they go to one location, pick up a small clue and then run to another location to pick up another clue and so on. It dragged on for a bit but was not in any way boring, but also didn't feel as fulfilling as it should have. <br/><br/>I enjoyed the exploration of minor characters in the series as well. People who seem to just be background noise end up taking more time than I would have expected and I thought it was brilliantly done. I began to feel bad for characters I never thought I would. <br/><br/>All the actors did a brilliant job. The writing was amazing. <br/><br/>Definitely a show worth watching. I wanted to like this anti-hero series, but the angst was weak, the conflicted moral choices obvious, and the emotional trauma moderately convincing. <br/><br/>It also seems unlikely that a Kilgrave type character would set such low goals for his powers, even if he remained evil. His narrow view spoils his large ability - to the point of distraction.<br/><br/>Decently acted by all cast members, but the story line, as interesting as it portends, just didn't retain my interest. I found myself not really caring what happen to these mournful, stuck-in-place individuals who had powers others would put to better use.<br/><br/>Might work for an adolescent audience. Except for Kilgrave, the characters are so dumb it's mind boggling. Jessica is the most bumbling, doesn't learn from experience or her mistakes kind of so-called superhero I've ever watched. What in the world are the writers thinking? I'm amazed at all the gushing over some of the worst plotting. I mean seriously, it has so much potential that the writers, creator, show runner- somebody in charge doesn't have a clue how to handle.<br/><br/>Jessica stumbles from one silly choice to another. You can watch her coming up with another dumb idea not based on any kind of logic based on things that just happened. And her best pal? OMG Talk about wanting to slap a character senseless until they get some sense! But then that about all of them. Geez! Let me first say that I am not a professional reviewer, though I am a fan of "good" TV and I absolutely love Marvel-based superhero cinema and television. I am disappointed with Netflix's Jessica Jones. About halfway through the series I was troubled that very little back-story was provided for Jessica Jones and Killgrave, only flashbacks and dull-conversion focused on the main cast's past interactions with the villain. The show starts nowhere and goes nowhere in my opinion. I watched because I was waiting for something to happen. Also, very little references to other superheros and the alien invasion. To compare and conclude that Jessica Jones is equal to or better than Daredevil, or any superhero TV series, is a travesty. This is a missed opportunity for what could been an exciting TV series. Unfortunately, because of my one-sided opinion I cannot even complaint Krysten Ritter's efforts. Not because of her abilities, but because she given a poor, cliché ridden script. All seasons are great. Season 3 is best for me. First 2 episodes so so but then sooo good. Whole this serial killer thing... Must watch if u like detective type of stories. Cast is good as always for Marvel tv shows. I just finished watching season 3 and I cannot get over how bad the writing is.
Soap Opera mixed with dragging out a story line to ridiculous lengths to what we already know will end up with the bad guy taken care of.<br/><br/>The cops could easily build a case against the serial. When I worked for a law firm we read case after case (we did appeals in our division) where they put bad guys away on so much circumstantial evidence as to be unbelievable.<br/><br/>He would have NEVER been allowed out the next day. The pathetic writing trying to make this a case where the killer uses the lamest of reasons to be released without any reason for it.<br/><br/>IT was such bad writing I was getting angry at the screen. Just pathetically bad writing. NO ONE gets out the way he did. NO ONE. They had tons of evidence against him.<br/><br/>This was just the worst writing ever.<br/><br/>When she decided to get into the tank WAS ANYONE SURPRISED HE TRAPPED HER?? HOW bad is the writing to not know that. That everyone watching knew that would happen but NOT HER???SERIOUSLY???<br/><br/>The writers and director(s) should be run out of Hollywood for such hackneyed writing. Then the BS about how he got out. Oh lord that was awful.<br/><br/>The first three episodes can actually be passed over as they add nothing to the series really. They could have done the first 4 in two episodes.<br/><br/>I found myself skimming through the last episodes at the rate of 10 minutes each as I knew I only had to stop ever 5 minutes for a few minutes then skip as there was nothing but writing designed to make lesser minds go "oh no what is happening to her, him, it, whatever.<br/><br/>I just cannot believe they wasted an entire season on a very poorly written LONG LONG LONG story arc that should have lasted two episodes then moved onto other episodes. The series works better when we get to see her solving mysteries and crimes. Not this DRECK.<br/><br/>EVERY SINGLE THING THAT HAPPENED WAS TELEGRAPHED IN ADVANCE. Every last bit, you knew what was going to happen.<br/><br/>Then the stupidity of saying the kidnappee would go to prison for turning states evidence is just plain wrong. TO put away a serial killer they would have given him a new identity and moved him out of state. NOT sent him to jail. While I was never privy to those cases I know the firm I worked for did know of them before it broke up when the senior partner died and other went to other firms.<br/><br/>They have given MURDERERS better deal for turning on ringleaders. Just look at the mob deals.<br/><br/>The writing was aimed to infuriating viewers who actually believe this sort of thing happens when in fact it never does anymore.<br/><br/>Those bodies didn't just materialize.As I said they would have built a circumstantial case against him that would have put him in prison for the rest of his life.<br/><br/>I'd say don't bother but you will watch it. We all hear about train wrecks and wish he had seen it. Well you will see some of the worst writing and directing I've seen in a long while. How am I only finding hype and praise for this show, The actual critics probably haven't seen this yet because this show is immediately boring one dimensional trash. <br/><br/>So far it seems like the show will revolve around jones getting over her ex and spying on conflict from a boring distance while having a very uninteresting and depressing inner struggle to get her Sh*t together. Who knows what else its about, im dropping it at episode 1. <br/><br/>Krystin Ritters attempt at this character is so boring i cant even stomach it. <br/><br/>Daredevil was MUCH better than this garbage but i fear if i keep watching this it will ruin the daredevil world for me.<br/><br/>How can so many "adults" have such bad taste, i could understand if this was a teen drama or something It had a great start, but with every episode, i was losing my interest on it mostly because of the inconsistent argument, lack of logic and plot holes. Not as good as it is said. Jessica Jones is well performed, but those secondary characters were simply annoying. The cop and the blondie had a lot of time on the screen that their acting doesn't deserve. The lesbian womans also did not contribute in making the plot more deep. Just "semi-filler characters". Not recommended at all. Truthfully I don't have a rating for this series, I have been so excited waiting for this series to release. Watching the first few seconds of the first episode was awkward and uncomfortable but I let that slide thinking it was a one off thing but 2/3 through the first episode it got way too explicit, honestly you might as well be watching an X-rated film. The story line was not as strong a Daredevil, i felt like this show was a bit rushed and that it was experimenting with how far they could push the limits with the amount of explicit content it can show. I would strongly recommend that you don't watch Jessica Jones unless you don't mind graphic scenes however I would recommend everyone to watch Daredevil. <br/><br/>Overall I fell like this series was a big let down. A drama series like arrow and flash. 7 just for kilgrave and the s*x scenes. The series was boring and got it's rating only because of DD. Well first ep. was good and I was expecting it to become more dark Psychotic not VIOLENT (there is a difference between violence and darkness but I assume that people cant differentiate). But after that it was more like white girl and black guy, bf/gf and lesbian p*rno. How this series was a superhero series? she didn't do anything heroic, she just had some super-strength and nothing else. And don't they know the difference between a head and a mouth? This was more like childhood fairy tale first she was being controlled by kilgrave and suddenly she cant, what the heck is this? and how the heck did simpson survived the blast he was closest to the lady and he survived somehow but his friends didn't who were much further away from her. kilgrave recreated jess's house every last bit of it with just pictures and magnifying glass but couldn't find his parents YEAH IT MAKES SENSE DUH! After having watched most Marvel movies, I was interested in Jessica Jones. I have quickly become bored of the artistic direction, rhythm and characters of the movies, so the promise of a different take was appealing. I have heard of, but not seen the Daredevil series yet, though I plan on watching it.<br/><br/>I just want to highlight a few things in this review, but in short, it is an above average show, with unremarkable directing that falls apart in its second half.<br/><br/>The characters and dialogue "Jessica Jones" offers up a lead character who is presented to as fairly complex. I write this because a large portion of the first episode's dialogue has characters deliver exposition about her character to her, which really bothered me, as it is just an easy method to say things about the character, without having actual creative ways to (visually) reveal it. There are so many sentences where characters tell each other who they are (you are this, you are that, you are selfish, you are kind on the inside etc.) that it boggles the mind. Just count the number of "you are" and "I am" sentences. They are a lazy solution to character development and make scenes that should have a strong emotional punch feel flat. Most of the other dialogue doesn't fare any better.<br/><br/>To regular movie consumers there is nothing exceptional about Jessica Jones' character, but that is possibly because of the pulp nature of the material. I felt the unnatural dialogue hurt some scenes, while the chemistry between characters supposedly romantically involved, was simply not there. Again, jumping back, there is an instance of her friend talking to Jessica Jones after talking to her and another character and then literally telling Jessica Jones that they have chemistry, that he obviously has feelings for her and she for him. If your characters don't have chemistry, and I think it was painfully lacking, than having her friend talk about this supposed electricity at length just seems misplaced and again, it is a lazy solution, and makes the scene, like quite a few dialogue driven one's just flat out boring.<br/><br/>Out of the cast David Tennant and Carrie-Anne Moss are highlights, but they also have two of the more interesting characters so it's not that surprising, although Moss's character gets less screen time in the shows second half, which is a shame. Krysten Ritter is enjoyable, however as the series went on the most enjoyable scenes were the ones with Tennant, so when he was off screen the show lost much of its dynamism.<br/><br/>The two parts of the season The series can be broken down into two halves, the first being a more noir-inspired, smaller scale affair, while the second is bigger, messier, with an inflated roster. To put it simply, the series somewhat loses its way through its second part. Episodes feel padded, scenes and characters could have been cut, the rhythm is off. Tennant really saves the second-half as there is not much of an arc to speak of, but at least the way we come to look at his character as we get to know him more is interesting. The first half feels much more urgent and has more style, though not by much. It gets by on a noir-inspired atmosphere, even though the direction or the scenes are never really visually interesting or do anything inspired with lighting, shadows, mood... I may have to watch it again, but on first viewing I found nothing visually compelling about the show, or just the general look of the show.<br/><br/>A quick word on the action-scenes and special effect: they are bland, cheap, just really not enjoyable, the choreography is non-existent and are just too predictable to create tension.<br/><br/>The story I wouldn't like to spoil much about the story. It is the type of story that on first glance makes you think like it was written for adults, and sure it has blood and mood and brooding, but it's just that: the surface image of mature material without the depth. It is completely acceptable as such.<br/><br/>What I appreciated All in all it was a serviceable series that sadly fell apart in its second-half and delivered an anti-climactic, but expected finale. However there was one other thing I noticed. As a Caucasian man who loves noir and older movies I never really appreciated just how "natural" it seemed to have white males dominate most roles (both negative and positive). Because I was primed by media previews and reviews to look at this series as a show that gives more space to female characters I noticed that white males were a very small portion of this cast. Indeed in the first episode the most prominent white male is just some idiot in a sports car and throughout the series there are only 2 (and a half) prominent white male characters. Now, the fact that the rest of the cast was made up of more women, or non-white males doesn't make it a better show, but it did help me realize that the white-male dominated movies which I grew up with, and hence, had considered "normal", were just as much of a choice on the producers and marketers part as the casting of this series. So for that, it was worth viewing. So, the typical comparisons to Daredevil have begun. This show is completely different to Daredevil, and nowhere near as good. The female heroine is great, but her powers are underused. The actress portraying her is great though, even if she needs to work on her fight scenes. Kilgrave - supposed to be one of the greatest villains in the Marvel world. In this he comes across as spoilt brat. David Tennant is a great actor and he did a great job, but the character was very whiny and generally just a bit lame. Overall, the series was a bit of a disappointment. There was a lack of Luke Cage who could have been amazing had he been shown more. I'll give season two a go, but I can't see me watching this again anytime soon. What a waste of time.<br/><br/>This is one of the most boring shows I have ever watched. I was so excited about this after the incredible work Marvel did with Daredevil. Unfortunately, this show is missing everything that made Daredevil great, the story, the excitement, the fun. About the only thing they have in common is the dark, adult-oriented style. The plot is weak and the acting is awful. I found it difficult to even keep going just to see if it got any better. It's more like a plain old bad private eye story than a comic book style "hero" story. I'm totally willing to throw believability to the wind when I know going in that it's a comic book film, but it should at least be fun and exciting, and this show just doesn't cut it. Whilst a fan of Marvel (and a comic book reader when I was younger) I came into Jessica Jones knowing little about the character or her history. So this review is purely based on the show with no comparison to any other iteration of the character.<br/><br/>I found the show to be riveting from start to finish and ended up binge watching it because I could not wait for the next episode. The casting seemed perfect to me (as seems to be the norm for marvel) and the story line was a cut above the usual 'Hero gains powers and foils the bad guy after overcoming self doubt'. While elements of this generic hero format are to be found in the show, it adds enough of its own stamp and delivers a darker and grittier flavor to it. <br/><br/>David Tennant stands out as Killgrave, his performance is captivating and, at times, terrifying.<br/><br/>For those worried that the sex and bad language is gratuitous I will state my opinion that it is not. It suits the situations and the world created for the show and never comes across as feeling forced.<br/><br/>This may not be for those looking for a show with flashy powers on display, and Heroes in bright uniforms defending the innocent. I would describe it more as a dark character study piece where the character(s) happen to have abilities that qualify them as superhuman. <br/><br/>All in all immensely satisfying in its writing, acting, directing and story. Superhero shows/movies usually make my stomach turn, so I watched the pilot as an experiment I was sure would end prematurely. The description of the show ended up being completely wrong (do not trust it), the last thing this is is a superhero show. No, Jessica Jones is a beautifully dark, witty and suspenseful drama about what makes us human and about the daily choices and internal fights all of us have between being good and being evil and making the right choice.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter seems to have landed the role of a lifetime. Walking around the episodes with a permanent snarl, a bottle of whiskey and a sardonic remark up her sleeve, she is the true star of the show, in a that role fits her like a glove. David Tennant is equally good as an enamored sociopath and probably the first mass murder I have ever seen in film/television who is genuinely amusing (whenever he is not repulsive). The interaction between the two is a good enough reason to watch the show alone, and the amazing writing is only matched by the skill of the actors delivering their lines. Ritter is a true queen of snappy repartees.<br/><br/>I expect the show to be a tough contender for the Emmies, and I will be really disappointed if Ritter and Tennant do not get at least nominations. I wanted to like this but the unbelievable melodrama and the lack of any discernible character development just killed it for me. This should have been a 6 episode story arc. That might have been good. as it is I just wanted it to end for the last 8 episodes (at least). The individual eps are generally enjoyable enough, but the overarching storyline is lame and artificially elongated...over and over again. <br/><br/>The writers are probably largely to blame, but most of the actors fail to do much beyond recite the lines (the sole exception is David Tennant). I like the actors involved, but they fail to convince me they are their characters.<br/><br/>It was long for the sake of being long, and it suffered immensely for it. A 6 ep run would have allowed me to forgive most of its other weaknesses.<br/><br/>Also, the choreography was weak. Almost none of the fight scenes are enjoyable or entertaining to watch. A return to what makes Jessica a great show. Hogarth has become annoying tho. Rachel is great. On to Disney stream I didn't care for season 2. Trish got even more annoying & so did Jessica. I'm not gonna lie. I was really looking forward to the arrival of this show after watching Daredevil. One episode in, and I'm tired of the same old platitudes: the evils of men and their attraction to power, political leanings, suggestions about how we should all feel regarding sexual proclivities and orientation. Quite honestly, an original show in this day and age, would be one that didn't try to inundate me with a particular brand of programming constantly telling me how I should feel, think and speak about such things. Sometimes, I don't want to have to deal with that. Sometimes I just want to be entertained. Is that too much to ask? Some parts of this show are so dumb! How the heck could she let Reuben's sister knock her out so that Kilgrave escapes AGAIN! Stupid! She can't even take on 4 civilians? Hope didn't have to die! All that time she's been fighting to save Hope and now Hope dies for some very dumb reason! Some parts of this show are so dumb! How the heck could she let Reuben's sister knock her out so that Kilgrave escapes AGAIN! Stupid! She can't even take on 4 civilians? Hope didn't have to die! All that time she's been fighting to save Hope and now Hope dies for some very dumb reason! This is all that I want to write for now, but I can't post this unless it's 10 lines of text. Therefore, I just repeated myself to fill up the 10 lines of texts. Sorry for the repetition.<br/><br/>Some parts of this show are so dumb! How the heck could she let Reuben's sister knock her out so that Kilgrave escapes AGAIN! Stupid! She can't even take on 4 civilians? Hope didn't have to die! All that time she's been fighting to save Hope and now Hope dies for some very dumb reason! Some parts of this show are so dumb! How the heck could she let Reuben's sister knock her out so that Kilgrave escapes AGAIN! Stupid! She can't even take on 4 civilians? Hope didn't have to die! All that time she's been fighting to save Hope and now Hope dies for some very dumb reason! After watching season 3, I can see wy people complained that the move was full of filler and slow. I believe that they say this because they are viewing the series through a narrow lense -- Kapow action. The series does a good job on this front, but isn't devoted exclusively to it. It takes its time to properly develop the characters' motives -- largely in a believable way. So if you're only interested in unthinking combat, you'll be bored. If you're looking for more than that you might like this series. It's hard to believe that anyone can be portrayed so incapable to learn from her own mistakes and circumstances. A useless "super-hero", whose only real power is her boundless arrogance and complete inability to take any responsibility for her own actions and decisions, blaming others for her own guilt and utmost incometence in every aspect of life. Every time jessica says "I'll take care of it", I feel like laughing because that's a sure sign of another coming failure, more tragic and unnecessary deaths around her, and more reasons for drinking and coming up with new, even more idiotic plans she keeps seeing as genious. "Well done" if the show is for the brainless. Loved Marvel's Jessica Jones throughout the seasons with lots of amazing fight scenes and also dealing with loss and emotional connections between family friends and lovers too. Season 3 is a great end to this fantastic TV Show where it just leaves you satisfied that everything is wrapped up nicely, nevertheless still leaving it open to interpretation too and plus more powered people this season too what is not too love. With a show written and directed exclusively by women, you would think they would have some women onscreen that you'd want to watch. I loved JJ season 1 - she was bitchy, but clever. This season all four female leads are unlikeable. Every one of them is overly emotional, rash, hotheaded and seldom rational. The lone voice of reason is Malcolm, the ex-junkie. If a man wrote this he'd be called mysoginistic. I found this inexplicable. <br/><br/>There is no villain, and no character on par with Kilgrave. And without a villain focus, the story meanders between quests of the four main women, each one essentially to find some "wholeness". It's almost as if a man wrote a parody of what he thought a female written super-hero story might be. I'll get some flack over this view, but know that I am a staunch feminist. Jessica's story in the first season was compelling, and refreshing. The characters this time all seem one-note, and the story was a real tough slog.<br/><br/>I particularly hated the trite final episode, but won't say more for fear of upsetting the spoiler police. But you'll see all the character redemption coming miles away, and it's all forced by unbelievable coincidence/deus ex machina. I'm not sure if was the director's idea or just the way the show turned out, but this series was just awful with the whole dumb female superhero persona. I mean honestly the show could have been over after 3 episodes. Jessica runs around like a dumb superhero who can literally end the whole drama but instead plays the "look at me, I'm a victim" role. I mean seriously, the whole show is to save a lady from going to jail who was forced to commit a crime by Kilgrave, however along the way we learn that he is killing a whole bunch of people and ruining other people's lives. So yeah Jessica has the chance to kill this guy literally hundreds of times but she can't do that because she wouldn't be able to live with herself if Hope goes to jail, but everyone else suffering, well that's fine. No problems. This is just another example of Hollywood turning the female into a dumb, fragile bimbo who can't deal with her emotions. <br/><br/>Btw she can bend steel like Twizzlers, stop moving cars and "fly" but she gets her ass beat in almost every fight. How does that make sense? After watching the Daredevil series I was really looking forward to Jessica Jones but found the character to be idiotic. The villain and the carnage he created could have been terminated in the first couple of episodes by simply shooting him from a distance. I found the story line deeply flawed and probably won't watch any newer episodes. I started watching and I see oh look the lead played Jane from Breaking Bad. I thought she was pretty good in BB and would be interesting to see her in another role. Unfortunately it seemed as if she was playing the same character which does not work playing the lead for this role.<br/><br/>Jessica has absolutely no redeeming or interesting qualities. She has such a horrible personality and habits that you just do not care enough about her to keep watching. I can't remember her exact age but I remember her friend saying she was 30 something. Yet she acts like a spoiled annoying and obnoxious 16 year old brat you would rather not be around. It felt like I was watching your typical CW network teenage angst series which is uncharacteristic for a woman her age.<br/><br/>I am not a prude by any means but her interracial sex scenes with Luke were just over the top gratuitous. It made no sense to the plot but rather seems like it was supposed to be oh look how edgy we are by having the white girl lead have an over the top raunchy sex scenes with a big black man. The sex scenes were not even sexy and just made her look gross and pathetic. Luke however seemed like a far more interesting character. <br/><br/>I was looking forward to binging through another original and even if something is all not that good I sometimes stay with it. I got half way through the 3rd episode and was like what am I doing, this has just been awful, I just can't take anymore of this, I am done.<br/><br/>I saw the Marvell logo come up before the show started and think maybe this is targeted to teenagers. Even if it is, it is still crap. If this is type of crap Marvell puts out and if Netflix is going in that direction with Marvell originals then I will be canceling my Netflix subscription.<br/><br/>btw - this is from a reviewer that liked originals River, Bloodline, Marco Polo, Borgia and Orange.. A nice entertainment for TV shows! But if you think it's a kind of film like Arrow or Flash, which your children can see that with you, you wrong!<br/><br/>The selection of the actress Krysten Ritter for this film, is interesting and match very well for that character.<br/><br/>It has a realistic script, with a little of humor sense. Made for open-minded people, but for adult without any doubt!<br/><br/>The writer knows how to keep a good suspense, and with a little of mystery all time. And the story maintains a reasonable consistency! Hope this film can get many fans too, to let me enjoy the next seasons! Long time lurker, first review. No spoilers. I feel like this show could have been so much better with a slightly bigger budget. They have put enough money towards hiring a decent cast, but the lack of proper special effects makes it seem a bit bland sometimes, even though I really like the story and most of the characters.<br/><br/>Sometimes the writing really makes me cringe. Even though superpowers are involved, realism is still highly important in all aspects, fine details should be worked out as to what is acceptable and what is obviously not. I really felt the same issue with Daredevil. That being said it has plenty good moments, more so than bad, and the few mistakes can definitely be overlooked. IMHO it's still a decent show, slightly overrated, but still worth the watch. 7/10 in my book. The main plot doesn't make any sense. Why is Jessica so obsessed about saving Hope? Jessica would rather save Hope than 10 other people. Hope is totally random teenage girl but somehow Jessica feels like Hope's life is more valuable than others... I mentally staggered through the first series... going from amused to baffled by this 'super- womans' ability to get beaten up at every opportunity. <br/><br/>The entire 2 series consists of her mainly getting the faeces kicked out of her - this a 'super-hero, with incredible strength, healing powers, bullet proof etc' - was constantly getting beaten by 'mere mortal.'<br/><br/>The gratuitous sex scenes with this emaciated character added NOTHING to the story line except additional point against her favour.<br/><br/>Poor actress; poor acting, poor choice - when trying to create on film, a comic-book character who actually had a character.<br/><br/>Disgraceful waste of time watching. I love most Marvel shows, but their attempts to move to more rated "R" material is annoying. Like many shows with "mature" content, it ends up being just another show with plots centered around graphic sex, constant swearing, drinking, and depressing characters. They spend so much effort and slow down the plot trying to force enough "adult" material in. And it frankly encourages bad behavior in the real life.<br/><br/>The difference in this show is there is just a hint of super powers. The Jessica Jones character is well acted, but devoid of redeeming qualities and depressing to watch. I'm passing on the remaining episodes. This shows is amazing, and I think it's purely down to its villain, Kilgrave. It starts off a bit slow, but once Kilgrave is introduced you'll see why this show is so great. The acting is perfect. So, the Marvel/Netflix alliance ends here, not with a bang, but with a bit of a whimper.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones (Kristen Ritter) is a Private Investigator, a functioning alcoholic and a misanthrope. She's also, thanks to some illegal experimentation, unworldly strong, resilient and tough. She struggles with the responsibility that comes with being "powerered" and is haunted by death of her family, which occurred in a traffic accident years prior.<br/><br/>The first season of Jessica Jones was excellent. Mostly because, unlike some other seasons of both this show, and the others in the extended universe, it had an excellent and charismatic villain in David Tennent's Kilgrave. Without having the same levels of action set pieces, this first season still is as good as anything that "Daredevil" or "Punisher" could produce. The season also introduced us to Luke Cage, which then spun into his own series and Mike Coulters chemistry with Ritter is excellent.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, unlike "Daredevil", there was a pronounced drop off in quality for the second season, and that run had a dull villain from Jessica's past played by Janet McTeer. Drifting away from the private eye type story and into more soap elements didn't help this run either. We also started to spend even more time with the shows supporting characters, such as Jeri Hogarth played by Carrie-Anne Moss. Though she was great, the show feels watered down when we're spending time with these characters and it's not related directly to what's happening to Jessica. The second and third seasons also suffer from the "Netflix" problem of making 13 episodes, when you have enough story for 8, so plot points are hit over and over again.<br/><br/>The third season is better though. Jessica is back with a case to solve involving a Serial Killer played by Jeremy Bobb. There's more action and intrigue, although it still doesn't match the heights of the first season. It would be easy to see why their hearts wouldn't be in this run, as the cancellations were announced long before this was released.<br/><br/>Overall, I feel like the first season of this is "must see" but the remaining two aren't essential. The show isn't as consistent as "Daredevil" but is generally a cut above "Iron Fist" and "Luke Cage". I'm very happy "Jessica Jones" got a final season before being shut down (like the other NetFlix Marvel shows). I enjoyed season 3 overall. Rachel Taylor as Trish and Carrie Anne Moss as Jeri gave award worthy performances. The villain of Foolkiller was sufficiently scary even though he wasnt super. The story did lag a bit in the middle but I'm OK with that. This season raises interesting questions about what it means to be super. Does that mean one can take the law into their own hands and become a vigilante? Trish says "yes". Jessica says "no". And if so, who gets to decide who lives and dies? I understand Trish's rage but it is a slippery slope. It seems that violence had become Trish's latest addiction. That's very dangerous for her and everyone around her (be they guilty or innocent). I would liked to have seen a more upbeat ending but that's probably not true to Jessica Jones (the character and the series0. After 3 seasons, think I get it. This is a show about character arcs and using your brain instead of super powers (unless it's an emergency). Sounds good, but way tooooo slow. The Hogarth arc is mostly annoying to watch. Keep the pace fast and the monologues short. I could edit this down to half the episode count, and have a great show. Maybe a little "good" humor to balance dark Jessica wouldn't hurt either. So I'll make this really brief to avoid spoilers:<br/><br/>1st Season is a 10.
2nd Season is an 8.
3rd Season is a 5.<br/><br/>The first season of Jessica Jones is an absolute must watch, you should stick around for season 2, and there are parts of season 3 that made me want to nail my hand to my desk. Bad pacing and lazy writing, I would love to see an edit of those episodes where all the Horvath scenes were cut out.<br/><br/>Anyway, this is a unique show that crackles with potential that was not lived up to in the later seasons. Liked it, it starts interesting but eventually the storyline got a little silly. Like the bestfriend overobsessing to become strong, things happend but nobody really does something about it. It's not often I get excited about kick-ass films with unknown stars but this had me gripped from episode 1 and now I'm on episode 4. One thing I never do here is ever give away a plot or inklings but all I can say is get the biggest tub of popcorn, big ass drink and sit and be immersed in a full-on assault by Krysten Ritter aka Jessica Jones!!! The first 2 episodes are what you need to get your head around after that it's all action.<br/><br/>David Tennant...well there's a dark man who's done well for himself on the American circuit. First of all he was over here as Dr Who, bimbleling along and now he's a force to be reckoned with lol. As with the Marvel team, what you see is what you get, mind over matter (so to speak). It's a very good show and can't wait to further my knowledge into the depths of Stan lee's mind. My overall rating is much higher than the average of the three seasons, but my love for the character jessica jones combined with the phenomenallility of season 1 won't allow me to give it less than 9/10.<br/><br/>season 1: 10/10
One of my all time favorite seasons of any show. so smart. so many cool ideas executed flawlessly. so many great characters. one of the coolest villains, fleshed out so well with clear motivations. extreme emotional investment in the characters and stories. great old-style investigatory feel. great music. i think the season is basically perfect, with the exception of a few small flaws in the final episode. (3 viewings)<br/><br/>season 2: 5/10
this season was pretty good in a lot of ways. but it had a lot of flaws. a lot of little things bothered me. but its two most impactful flaws were (these can be considered mild spoilers) (1) there was no clear villain/antagonist for almost the entire season, and (2) excitement was minimal. there was one point in episode 4 where i started getting really excited for what was to come, other than that, i was barely excited for most of it, especially after episode 4. the stakes never seemed high. in season 1 it felt high immediately and continued to escalate. i never really felt like stuff is about to go down. major story events were scarce, felt like half the amount from season 1. it felt like so much set up, which at first was intriguing, but it just wouldn't get going. it seemed like just a lot of story- and character-building. i am severely disappointed in this second season. the first is one of my all time favorite seasons of any show. (2 viewings)<br/><br/>season 3: 7/10 (1 viewing) The first season was very good, but the 2nd and 3rd seasons are incredibly boring with some of the worst acting you will see. There is too much focus on Trish in the 3rd season. It got so boring I just stopped watching. Just go ahead and cancel this show. Ok so I've seen all of this show one to three seasons I can only say its ok for a rainy day, the main reason I kept watching was I like Krysten Ritter ,its not really a superhero show more of a drama, and a bit silly sometimes, if they'd spent more on the special effects , story and not dragged on every season to 13 episodes it would of been GOOD, in every season episodes 8 to 11 , boring. And the lack of special effects bothered me, sometimes jessica throws a car , but often, as in season 3 at the start it shows someone in the air, then jessica walks in , meaning to say she did it, its a cop out , they couldnt be bothered to show her actually throwing someone, there are many scenes like this
And the idea of patsy being a superhero in season 3 was ludicrous , " she can see in the dark, does some amateur gymnastic and survive a 2 story jump " is ridiculous! this was a very weak idea and badly executed. I'd say similar problems are with all the marvel shows on netflix. something like umbrella academy or stranger things , netflix has spent a lot more time and money on, its a shame about that Season three was depressing, and that is the only reason why I dislike it more than season one. Rachael Taylor's character, Trish Walker, was consistently moving toward this end result. Subsequently, I cannot fault the storytelling, but this ending was not a story I wished to see. I got no entertainment out watching Jessica Jones end up alone and with the people closes to her either dead, dying or imprisoned. The only thing I ever did like about Jessica Jones, the series, was Krysten Ritter's portrayal of the lead character and the film noir feel of the series. It was not your typical superhero shtick. What I did not like about the series was the over the top villain, Kilgrave, in season one, the season two story as a whole, Trish's zealous killing of Jessica's mother and Trish's devolution into a psychopathic murderer in season three. When I watched the last episode of season three, I could not help but feel grateful that it was finally over. Hopefully, the next reincarnation of "Jessica Jones," if any, will avoid making a series that its viewers will feel it had endured. Summary: Season 2 is genuinely horrible. You'll hate every single character you've once loved on Season 1, personally would rather watch 20 hours of jake paul videos than to rewatch this. A big part of the popularity behind Jessica Jones is that the storytelling shifts the equilibrium between comic book world and tv drama off the line and into the tv drama side, which can work when there is a strong plot(season1). Unfortunately, season 2 shifted so far from the spectacle of the super hero world, you lose a lot of the covering it provides in epic action sequences and memorable fight scenes. When that happens you are just left with what the plot provides and unfortunately season 2 was so weak it actually undid a lot of the great things season 1 did well. The noir theme it built was dispelled when the mystery was broken halfway through, and the grand conspiracy set up not only in this show but others was completely dilluted to the point where you wonder "what was really the point of it all". The great character development was widdled into one dimensional characters... who were all eerily exactly the same, and the drama was no more developed than a standard soap opera. I would definitely recommend season 1, if you have patience and a lot of time to kill you might be able to handle season 2. The first season was intense and interesting. It had compelling characters and strong actors. The second season is not good. It is boring, has bad special effects, and spends too much time on SJW propaganda. This is the story of Jessica Jones(Krysten Ritter) a superhero who lost  her stomach for saving stuff and went back to being a private citizen,  she then became a P.I. She drinks too much, suffers PTSD from a  traumatic psychological,emotional and sexual assault. Saw the first  episode at New York Comic Con. Ritter acting is wonderful. I have to  say i loved the theme song from Sean Callary . I love the lighting this  show has also, it uses realistic lighting, has a noir feel to it ,you  forget you're watching a Marvel TV show. Feels more like a Marvel film,  Everyone should see episode 1, Anyone who love private eyes will fall  in love. The world presented to us here is bursting with deep real  characters who are able to act human.Luke Cage had a relationship with  jessica jones like in the comic books,Luke has a one night stand with  Jessica Jones same as comic. In the comic Cage had a crisis later when  Jessica reacted to the fling, her and Luke made peace and later worked  together when Luke later told Jessica his feelings towards her grew and  she told him she was pregnant. Cage and Jones moved in together too, i  just hope they become husband and wife with a kid(Danielle Cage)same as  the comic. Anyone who loves noir shows will love this one. If you where a fan of Marvel's Daredevil then you will love this show, it shows the darker and more realistic side of the MCU. The show has an amazing cast with a great script. The show consists of 13 episodes each about an hour long and watch out for the many easter eggs pointing towards Iron Fist, Luke Cage, The Avengers, The Inhumans and of course Daredevil. The show will have very physiological darkness to it and a lot of sexual scenes so if you are not of age then you might wanna stick to the lighter side of the MCU like the PG-13 movies. The show will be released on November 20th 2015. The next Marvel show coming out is Luke Cage and after that Iron Fist (if it doesn't get canceled) .Im really looking forward to this show and you should be as well. Jessica Jones is the next instalment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), following on from Daredevil, which also premiered this year. Set in the same Hell's Kitchen, Jessica Jones takes a look at dark tones and topics such as depression, guilt, sex, death, rape and assault; and this only makes the story drive more. Daredevil was dark, but this is much, much darker.<br/><br/>Firstly, one of the things that stood out for me right from the start is the beautiful cinematography and direction. This show looks stunning; there's so much colour and vibrancy, not only in the backdrop, but in the characters too. Jessica is played by Krysten Ritter (Breaking Bad), who surprisingly, without any major roles thus far, shines throughout the season in a powerful, yet gentle and subtle performance. David Tennant is incredible with his take on Kilgrave. I originally had no expectations for his character, or his performance before watching. But he really is convincing and quite menacing, and creepy at times. <br/><br/>The music by Sean Callery is stunning and eerie, just as it should be. The titles are the first thing you see, each episode, so it had to capture your attention straight away. And it does. With 'elevator music' elements and subtle piano melodies, it all kicks off soon when the percussion drives in and takes control with blasting electric guitars and solo- like touches which really pulls the mood together; then, finally settles you with the main title logo. Perfect.<br/><br/>It's worth noting that although Jessica has 'special' powers, there aren't any huge scenes when special effects are used to amplify these moments of power and force. It's mostly camera tricks to show her strength and 'jumping and falling' powers. So, if you're planning on watching for an over-the-top smash fest, you won't find it here. Also, if you're ignoring the age certificate then I'll warn you, there are a couple scenes of a sexual nature.<br/><br/>My verdict; Jessica Jones is another insanely good instalment to the MCU canon and should not be missed by any fan of Marvel. It even attracts the 'noir' feel which has major potential to entertain even the casual comic book fan. This is by far one of the best Marvel series yet, and possibly forever will be.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones, 10/10. I have been looking at this show lately and every episode becomes more  and more of a let down. I know we people make bad decision but Jessica  Jones has by far made stupid decision after stupid decision. I find  myself rooting for Kilgrave now. Honestly the only reason I continue to  watch is hoping to encourage the coming out of the Luke Cage show next  year but God I hope is better scripted than this show. Luke Cage is  worthy of becoming a member of the avengers and with Jessica as wife  would make for a great dynamic for team but her character will need a  complete makeover! Ps She doesn't kill Kilgrave to prove Hope's  innocence but constantly gets away, he gets Hope free from jail and she  kills herself! Then Jessica tells police she commits suicide out of  guilt as a result making her appear guilty and not an innocent victim  of Kilgrave thus keeping him alive in spite of the fact that she can  kill him with one punch ALL POINTLESS. SMDH Cage's character is one major problem, also a terrible actor. Jessica kind of sucks out loud too. Yet another show about a woman being an independent tough hero. Her "romance" scenes are turn your head away gross. What percentage of movie and TV follows this same format of the female lead independent tough hero? <br/><br/>Boring, lame, unoriginal. Ya Tenant's always great but lost in a crappy story and weak character.<br/><br/>Nothing new, nothing interesting.<br/><br/>Awful.<br/><br/>Waste of time. so over-rated! such a predictable storyline... if i knew it, i would not have watched it... i'd better wash dishes rather than watch this crap. if you REALLY REALLY don't have anything else what to watch, than yeah, otherwise it's just a time waste.. story is pathetic, a superwoman, who likes to sacrifice herself in some really joking situations, just to defeat some other looser. to be honest, i don't know if the story is bad or the actors...or maybe both. but to get to conclusion, 8.8 it's way too much for such a mediocre TV- series. i've watching better TV series, which by some reason got canceled, hopefully the same will happen for this also. Jessica jones <br/><br/>This show to me did start off as a bit of a slow burn and was harder than say daredevil for me to get into because I didn't know anything about the character, but after the first 3 episodes I was hooked.<br/><br/>The story for Jessica Jones is very dark but brilliant the acting is awesome and the direction of the whole series is great. The way it is dark and gritty but doesn't put you in the frame of mind where you find the characters dull and boring was impressive, also the characters of Jessica Jones and Luke cage i found to be eminence, especially Mike Colter as Luke Cage who for me was one of my favourite parts about this show.<br/><br/>Some of the action in the series was a let down for me, i think because I compared it too much to daredevil, but this series it self felt a lot more of a character development, just a little look at what Jessica Jones has to offer and who she is. I cannot wait for season 2.<br/><br/>Everybody needs to watch this show. This is how superhero movies should look like on the big screen too. Marvel stepped up their game with the trio of Daredevil, Luke Cage and Jessica Jones. Screw them lousy previous attempts, this is the real thing. I'm a big fan of the Daredevil series, so big in fact, that my whole world revolved around Murdock and his team while watching the series. And I have to tell you people, I'm not into superheroes. I started watching Jessica Jones with high expectations, as Daredevil made me cry, smile and start training again, and I was quite disappointed by the first 2-3 episodes. But then, the magic came out and about. This show is grittier than both the others, although just in the sense that it's an emotional challenge to sit through. Now, characters are round and nice, all have some characteristics (no pun intended) that makes them likable. Even Kilgrave. As the story unfolded so did my tears start running after watching every episode. If you have a heart, you'll get the whole point of the show. Hats off to anyone involved in the production of this marvelous (again, no pun intended) gem of a TV show. I'm hoping to see much more of Jessica, her adversaries and the other saviors of NY too! I have to say I'm really irritated by Jessica Jones. Daredevil was an outright triumph and when they announced the next series would be based on the character Jessica Jones I was a bit mystified as she's not a character I know from the golden days of Marvel unlike, DD, Luke Cage & Iron-fist. Having done my bit of research I put faith in Netflix in going one better than DD. How wrong am I...??!!! She doesn't have any focus or lust for justice like DD. She's supposed to be super-strong and can fly.. ha! Apparently she can't fly.. she mostly falls (wtf)?! As for super strong.. let's just edit that down to strong.. she's good at breaking padlocks and that's about it..snoooooooze.. boring! I fail to see how or why they've chosen to make a series on a character who might even be a bit pretty if she wasn't so goddamn miserable all the time. Moping around and getting drunk.. so flipping lame! Don't even get me started on why the hell she hasn't just offed Kilgrave by now.. also lame! She doesn't seem to have a problem lying to, threatening and turning a blind eye to all the people Kilgrave has killed or attempted to kill... Seriously.. yet she's so moral she feels she has to catch Kilgrave and bring him to justice.. LAME!!!!! I think Netflix have made a huge mistake investing in JJ.. DD deserves a hell of a lot better if they are going to form The Defenders.. maybe Netflix thought The Defenders needed a team member who was morose, drunk and about the most pathetic superhero you could imagine. Booo Jessica Jones and Netflix!.. Give us a proper superhero who can actually fly and do more than break padlocks! Just ask yourself this...if it wasn't for daredevils reputation or this being a Netflix original series,would you have seen it with different eyes?<br/><br/>I started watching the series expecting the same quality as daredevil but soon after 4 episodes I had to face the fact that this is nowhere near daredevils quality and that you end up not caring about the main character at all...she's an emotional wreck ball,she complicates everything with her emotional "pretty little liars" attitude all the time and it becomes really annoying really quick.<br/><br/>I was expecting a good TV series with a great female lead role but frankly this is not it.....the 3/10 it's because of how it's filmed that it really looks professional or high quality..besides that, the acting and the scripts belong in a soap opera. Jessica Jones is the next in Marvel's Netflix T.V. deal and they have made another great one. This show gives a brand new side to the MCU and show us more of the super heroes who aren't in the big budget movies. The plot moves right along and keeps you interested from episode one, to episode 13. This and Daredevil bring a side to the MCU more fit for adults and the gritty crowd. This is not a show that you can watch with your whole family but is one of the best ways to spend some time with a great show. All of the characters are great and the villain is one of the best of all time. <br/><br/>Defiantly worth checking out. Wow, I can't think of any words about this. it was so awesome. very scary and brutal, just like daredevil, except for the scary part of course :) Krysten Ritter was spectacular as Jessica Jones, and I loved Luke cage! Killgrave was an awesome villain and the story was excellent. Much better than the shitty teen-age drama's on the CW Network like Arrow and Flash. After watching the first episode I was so amazed I watched 4 more episodes in a row (each episode is about an hour or so which is awesome), I can't wait for more stuff from marvel like Luke Cage and Iron fist(hopefully). Just watch it now. NOW. But watch Daredevil first if you haven't already.. NY. "De Niro" nostalgia for Hell Kitchen, and atmosphere that impregnated with the snow and frost, the wind and the pouring rain. It recalls the Mysterious soft Halloween in coffee houses or Gotham East End or the real Bronx, and yellow-red extravaganza fall, and now rainy December in Moscow... And seems as if Jessica Jones lives with us, here and now, here and there, not in parallel, but it is in our universe, goes not only inside the red-brick borough of New England, but also among the medieval Moscow streets, elegant ragged jeans, a bottle of expensive whiskey in her sloppy bag and she is super lady all the same. It seems as she goes upstairs into the next to your an apartment somewhere on the Bronnaya Street or Zemlyanoy Val Street, she opens her laptop Acer (not any MacBook or Sony Vaio, mind you!). And eliminates the world's evil in the same way as it can do and you.<br/><br/>Yes, I like easy and unconstrained fashion of 2010-2015 in this film. Just like in "8Sense" or "Orphan Black" or "Pretty Little Liars." Now Netflix is successful, on this way, don't know as Marvel. Like realistically show the life of New York and the Hell Kitchen, a modern, no flowery hippie times or infinitely-violent times of the 60's. Like the fact that, really «what does not kill you makes it more strange». We live in the post-epoсh of the banditry, and in the post- informality. It seems all the ideals that derived to a movement of humanity are ended, and Generation Y is thuggee or have suffocated in the format of their Facebook or "vcontakte". We have already passed a quantum leap into the future, we notice it or not, I do not know, but here it came - here and now. Very good was looked the truth about "Troll New Age", that called just so now, about people with psychic abilities, which, of course, use them for power and control. A great find the authors of the series have been invited for the role of David Tennant: he plays the role of psychopaths very good. As well good idea about experiments on the creation of a "super-soldiers" of how it gets out of control and causing damage to the surrounding life. At least the problem posed and in art now. I like New Yorker attitude to work - they all work, and a lot of work, considered a disgrace to be idlers (do not tell about us, Russians, where all deify two things: business and nightclubs). I like the openness of American people to each other, and, as usual, loyalty in friendship and love for the person what I love in American movies.<br/><br/>And, of course, like the heroine Kristen Ritter: strong, clever, discreet, romantic and realistic at the same time - with an inner core, free, and so, without feminism or social declarations: I think it is too close to the Russian «apolitical audience», huh, take my thoughts like lol. We are looking for "heroes", but many of us want to see in them not only a victory over extreme situations, but also to win over every day, and we must win in our usual life. And in Jessica, I personally see for myself a hero, "the hero of our time." She owns himself and his life, it does not suffer from "nouveau Rich syndrome" ( when the poor people start to get dressed "to the nines" and buy "golden gadgets" to show that they are "no longer the poor" - is typical of Brooklyn, for immigrants from third world countries, for our country). She knows how to love and choose the coolest and handsome man - the only one - who, in my opinion, he deserves her and he is Luke (Mike Colter); she knows how to build and maintain a lifetime true friendship with Trisha (great game "of the protagonist-2» Rachael Taylor), and she not in all of this no one false note: even weakness she plays perfectly without a shadow of a lie. She easily outputs from the state of vegetation her friend Malcolm (Eyck Darvill) and removes this needle-addict from life, because now we do not need in «Requiem for a Dream» more nothing (as aptly named Man passersby) because today we have little time for this "games". Maybe in terms of the action in The series gives some other movies, in which the accents in the battle scenes. But heroine and show superior and many work in the movies, comic books and many, many books from the point of view of psychology: fidelity to herself at every step in our hard life without whining, tantrums and weaknesses, keeping constantly dignity and elegance, the ability to be myself, and not only in an extreme situations in name of adrenaline, but also in everyday life. The big discovery for me was a bit part in the performance of Dr. Claire (Rosario Dawson) in a few minutes during the care for Luke in the apartment Jessica, she reveals her charismatic potential as actress and the potential of her character. I recommend to view The series for people who are looking for among the TV series "hits" rather than "Bloodshot water" season. The best is to spent your time on viewing the much interesting movies like this film and to read great books. "Jessica Jones" started off as a curious enough oddity, but "not my thing" is the nicest thing I can say about it. This is the anti-cape-and-tights show, we get it. But any promise that the pilot held was pretty much gone over the proceeding few. Then something actually happens in episode 7, then it's back to dullsville. I perked up when Rosario Dawson showed up in at the eleventh hour (it wouldn't be Marvel without cross-show marketing), but that's about it.<br/><br/>As recent Marvel/Netflix product goes, it's certainly no "Daredevil". The villain is awful (but not David Tennant; he's the most charming aspect). And I did like Luke Cage. But it turns out I really don't like Jessica Jones. Kristen Ritter seems fine, she was great on "Breaking Bad", but I just don't like that character. Tough-as-nails doesn't have to mean bitchy.<br/><br/>It would've made for a good movie, but 13 episodes? Very saggy. Jones is not a character I want to stick with.<br/><br/>4/10 Trish Walker is a nothing burger. She's a waste of time. Who cares about her? No one. Talking to herself to psych herself up?? That's third grader stuff. I suffered through episode one, but, after suffering through half of episode two, I quit. What a complete waste of time. The show is now worthless. Its a shame what could be a great show is just made very weak in the final season.I have never witnessed the gaycard played this much in a show and I watched all episodes of Will and Grace.It feels like every scene has a something gay in it.Dont get me wrong I have nothing against gay or trans people,live and let live,but this final season really pushed it.If you want to make a point there are better ways not by ruining an entire show..... JJ was a really good series. Season one was phenomenal. Season two was pretty good. Season three is full of Hollywood style Political Correctness. JJ is still pretty good...but the side plot lines are just ridiculous. I'm sure, just like Daredevil, Iron Fist and Luke Cage (all fallen victim to Hollywood PC), this will be the last season for JJ. Why can't Hollywood understand that regular Americans don't want to watch their version of a PC world. It's a terrible show and Most of the reviews for this shows are spot on. If you're thinking to watch this show, please avoid it. What a epic waste of my time. <br/><br/>Never again.<br/><br/>Oh please never agein! Jessica Jones is the most one dimensional sexist bullcrap portrayal of a woman overcoming abuse I've seen in a very long time. Of course she has anger issues, and her strength comes from her pain, and oh the nightmares and of course she has a bad mom and hates intimacy and finds love in a bottle of liquor. And of course revenge is the only thing that gives her hope. A woman *scorned*!!
Of. Course. 
It even started wrong. Season 1 sucked. Her superpower is that she's super tiny but really strong - and we know this because apparently that meant she could handle rough sex with Luke Cage...? What? So racist and sexist and just...stop. 
Tenant wasn't in Season 2, but Carrie-Anne Moss was doing some damn fine work so I stuck around and suffered through it. Eka Darville was equally worth watching, so basically I wasted a weekend I can never get back watching two capable actors walk through a mine field of awful. 
The saddest part of this dumpster fire is that Moss's character, Harper, is aaaamazing. She's the only multi-dimensional character on the show. She's a realistic, sexy woman who is wicked smart and came from poverty and is openly smooth as hell when it comes to seducing women. 
If you insist watching this, skip to Episode 5. Harper's storyline hits full swing, giving you something to watch and Janet McTeer shows up to teach Krysten Ritter how to act. This is the worst Marvel production to date. The story lines were dull, the acting was terrible (except David Tennant) and the plots were god awful. It took me several months to make it through this series, because it was so boring, but I stayed persistent and tried to watch it, but it only confirmed what I thought about the first few episodes, it was just a terrible series. There just isn't enough action or enough suspense to keep you watching, and Jessica Jones doesn't use her powers enough. If she is supposed to be a superhero, then I want to see some superhero things. Furthermore several characters were unwarranted and redundant. For reasons that are beyond me, this series wasn't canceled and was granted a second season. After the disaster that was season 1, I won't be watching season 2. Step your game up Marvel! I was highly anticipating this show, only to be met by disappointment. The foundation for a masterpiece was there: the casting is superb and the premise of super strength fighting mind control certainly set it up for success. I was expecting a dark, chilling psychological thriller bordering horror, with a protagonist who's haunted by her past only to be thrown back into her worst nightmares. And while the first episode was promising me such a show, it only went downhill from there. It became one of those shows that I muscled through only because I was desperate to find out what happens in the end, waiting for the story to finally rise to the occasion, which it never did. In the end I believe it came down to poor writing. The characters weren't given the chance to show their full potential, and with the lack of storytelling it became more of an unoriginal game of cat and mouse than anything, filled with uninteresting subplot and mediocre dialogue. What a waste of an opportunity. The pacing is a little slower than Daredevil but it has the same adult content, blood, and action as Daredevil. The show has humor as well. Not slap stick, stomach tightening humor, but great humor. Great supporting characters. Great special effects. In this the effects are are very subtle at times. More of an illusion style versus abrupt green screen, lights and magic. I was hooked from the very beginning. It deviates from the comic book to a degree. It avoids the Scott Lang story arc and her encounter with Scarlet Witch. The main antagonist is the same and has the same powers. Like with many comic book adaptations some things are better left out. The show does a good job of still maintaining the core element in Jessica's story-line in that she had trouble interacting with other heroes. Even Luke Cage. So if you are literate of her story-line just remember that it's similar but the characters have changed and her interest in multiple heroes has been limited.<br/><br/>Not over the top. The series is very grounded. The show kinda takes from her mid-way mark instead of from college. My only issue was the changes to Jeryn Hogarth. Granted I'm going by 616 and not the Ultimates version.<br/><br/>I did't mind the gender change but I didn't like the fact that she was a friend of Jessica's instead of Luke Cage's as it was in the comic book. So now I'm a little worried about the Luke Cage series. Hogarth is the one that kinda links Luke Cage and Iron Fist.<br/><br/>Lastly, for Luke Cage fans out there, he isn't the hero-for-hire in this series which is what brought him and Jeryn together in the first place. Again I'm going by 616 and not The Ultimate versions.<br/><br/>This show also has great tension which hasn't been seen in many comic book movies or shows. Tension and suspense. Rare elements in today's market.<br/><br/>Another winner from Netflix and Marvel. After #Daredevil, Marvel & Netflix changed the concept of superhero shows ! Jessica Jones was the most awaited TV shows of 2015 after the groundbreaking success of Daredevil ! & thankfully J.J live up- to the standards we imagined with added extra horror! Good casting and very well executed screen adaptation of the dark, complex characters from the Marvel books. Well written and keeps you glued to the screen from pilot to finale.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter is amazing as J.J with purple nightmares of Kill-grave/Purple Man ! character buildup of J.J is spectacular. She is strong bad-ass at the same time scared & horrified which portrayed beautifully....but David Tennant as Kill-grave/Purple Man stole the show. he is mesmerizing & his presence in the screen will scare you ! Definitely he is the most scary super villain out there (I have Seen All)! you will feel his horror all the time during the show! <br/><br/>Jessica Jones is Darker and more dangerous than anything else Marvel Studios has put out to date, Jessica Jones is also very possibly its finest, most fully-formed creation. Finished watching Season 3, Ugh. They went to the garbage bin, They Could have made a great decision but, blew it. Took one of marvels oldest characters and used it Totally Wrong. Very Disappointed. The Creation of a hero is a jem but to twist it and lead it to the dumpster is a disservice to the Fans. While the premise is sound -- people with super powers, some using them for good while others use them for bad, are pitted against each other -- the acting is B grade mediocrity; and the plots within the premise are, at times, laughable. The scene at the police station comes strongly to mind.<br/><br/>How many times can one blurt at the television "All you have to do is ... (insert plot line suggestion here)"? It becomes obvious within a short time that the characters will do the wrong thing time after time. Predictability is not this show's strong point.<br/><br/>While Marvel usually makes characters who are fit for watching by the whole family, this one's descent into foul language and soft core pornography takes this character into the adult realm from which she will not return.<br/><br/>All in all, it is a groaner which needs some serious script massaging -- hopefully by new writers. It can be saved, but will it? Not with the current crew running the show. Let me first say this show has a good premise. A strong female lead that represents more than just a female superhero. She represents the trials and struggles of abuse, how powerless one can feel regardless of their own external shell or physical abilities. She also represents the freedom of working through the process and the ability to come out in control of your own faculties, feelings and life. All this is well and good yet, the show disappoints about half way in. As a strong lead I would have thought they would've made the character of Jones much smarter and calculating. There are many times in the show when she puts herself and others in situations that would obviously have an ill effect. <br/><br/>For example The Hope story could've been over quickly had Jones, when she has Kilgrave in the palm of her hands and willing to do good, just suggested Kilgrave use his powers to get Hope released. She could have also maneuvered his abilities for other means and regresses. Yet, the writing attempts to go back to the idea of holding him captive in order to incriminate himself. Somehow believing once he is captive he won't talk to someone and get himself free to then once again cause drama for Jones and Hope. Even after this scene once Hope is freed Jones could have killed kilgrave without repercussions as Hope is free, she has evidence and she is free from his control. Or to leave someone she doesn't trust with Kilgrave alone... there are too many instances when I thought this is stupid now you're just making it so you don't finish the story line. It makes the series hard to even watch because things that seem logical to the viewer don't seem logical to the "hero". <br/><br/>Kill grave proved to be the smart one 98% of the time even when he is captured. Planning for moves on top of moves, it would have been nice for Jones, being a female lead and superhero, to exude an equalizing ability to plan ahead and prove the smarter. It is also irreparably difficult to believe after all the bloodshed this man has caused that Jones won't kill him or put him in a situation where someone else could kill him. She'd be more convincing as hero if she showed vengeance in order to save people where in fact most of the show is showing restraint in ending the tyranny she swears she will save everyone from.<br/><br/>Many women are very calculating especially when it comes to men. It would have been nice, logical and proper to have Jones showcase her intellectual strength as well as her physical strength. Using this Kilgrave story would have concluded way earlier and without all the unnecessary events. I appreciate British drama because they write to tell a story, not prolong it. If the story ends in 8 episodes well then it ends in eight episodes. On the American side we will drag on stories as long as we can if we think it keeps audience attention, yet in many cases it loses audiences and forces a good idea and story to lose its luster and creativity. In terms of the message it is directed to discuss, abuse, it has more meaning than Daredevil yet, in terms of writing, intrigue, suspense and in some cases acting, Daredevil, thus far, is a way better show. Stick with the premise of writing a good story not prolonging it because you didn't know where to take it next. There are only two Netflix Original shows that are hard to watch after a point so far. This is one of them. I went into Jessica Jones without knowing what to expect. I absolutely enjoyed the Daredevil Series, so watching Jessica Jones was a no-brainer. However, the problem I had with Daredevil carried on to Jessica Jones as well. I thought both of the series could have been cut short by at-least two episodes. Don't get me wrong, it is absolutely an enjoyable show, but sometimes more is less, and by avoiding some of the side-plots, we would have gotten a show that was more hard-hitting and could have ended up as a homerun in my opinion.<br/><br/>Now, as for the protagonist, Jessica Jones. I wouldn't really say she is an interesting character. However, her story and her relationship with the villain(Killgrave) is what makes her intriguing. Jessica is a damaged soul, who has shut everyone from her world after being manipulated and abused by Killgrave. The only person that she cares about is her foster-sister, Trish. <br/><br/>The best part of the series is undoubtedly the portrayal of Killgrave by David Tenant. He is ruthless, remorseless and delusional which makes makes him all the more scarier. Due to his twisted sense of judgement, Killgrave feels what he is doing is somehow right and his victims deserve what he does to them. He and Jessica have a unique relationship, in some ways like Batman and Joker and he is obsessed with Jessica, reason for which we find out in the midst of the series.<br/><br/>All in all, I would say Jessica Jones is not a superhero show, by any means. In-fact, it has a lot less action than Daredevil. What makes this show worthwhile is the performances and the engaging story of how Jessica catches Killgrave and brings and end to his crimes. <br/><br/>Verdict: 7.5/10 I'll keep this short and simple for those of us who can't be bothered with an essay.<br/><br/>First of all, I know quality and entertainment when I see it. I've seen pretty much everything and I'm no fanboy. I'm a realist.<br/><br/>Like any TV series we need to give it time and after watching the first few episodes I thought Jessica Jones started quite well. All the characters/actors were great as expected. It showed quality and scenes with good entertainment and has you thinking and wanting more. <br/><br/>However, after the first few episodes the series does become somewhat dry, you want more action, more of a story or at least a story taking you somewhere thrilling but it fails in doing so. It seems to somehow drag a little and doesn't grasp you like Daredevil does. For instance Daredevil for me was a 8.5/10 and one of the most enjoyable series I have ever watched. Jessica Jones doesn't bring that quality of entertainment and therefore, I cannot understand the fanboy ratings (9/10) and (10/10). I wouldn't give any series 10/10, it just wouldn't happen. Nothing is that good. Critics these days.<br/><br/>In addition, in a particular episode Jessica Jones, a woman with abilities (one being incredibly strong) is over powered by a group of ordinary men (yeah weird, just wait till you see the scene, poor). For me, this somewhat ruined my outlook on Jessica Jones, a lot. I love the fact she was beaten. I don't want to see the main character always winning. However, the scene was so dry, so limited and boring it totally didn't feel right or fit in, it ruined the vibe you'd expect with something as big from a Marvel TV series, especially after the likes of Daredevil. I mean with Daredevil even after he was beaten you couldn't help but be thrilled with emotion and excitement. Jessica Jones fails to hit you like Daredevil does, it's a shame because Jessica Jones does have potential. Their simply isn't enough action and when their is 50% of the time their short and poorly scened. In addition, their are some short but sweet action scenes. It's just a pity their are so few.<br/><br/>Anyway, Jessica Jones is without doubt a good TV series (7/10 for me) and I definitely recommend it but it is not as good or better than Daredevil, so I suggest going into this series with an open mind and average expectations. <br/><br/>Hope this helped a little. Thanks for reading. Enjoy. Jessica Jones is seriously damaged, but as flawed as she is, she is a hero at heart. The bad guy - Kilgrave - is despicable and watching this you just root for Jessica, Trish, Malcolm, & Luke, etc characters to overcome everything and kick his ass. The first time I watched the series, I was quite disgusted with the Kilgrave character, however, the writers know what they're doing. This is not a show where the bad guy does something "slightly" wrong, but you kind of like him. This is a show with a strong female lead and I can't help but notice that a lot of the negative reviews are by men. Mmmmm This series totally passes the Bechdel-Wallace test and although there are some sex scenes, the women in the show aren't dressed like the typical Hollywood young female - which is refreshing. I look forward to the 2nd season of Jessica Jones in 2017 and a possible (hopeful) spin off with Luke Cage's story! If you like the Dare Devil series, you'll like this series as well. To me Jessica Jones succeeds in what The Dark Knight and V For Vendetta never really managed to do, which is to merge the comic book fantasy of heroes with phenomenal powers into the world of the grown-up crime thriller. Reading the reviews here I see a lot of fans of the traditional superhero genre saying "What the hell did I just watch here?" But as someone who's a fan of classic movies I recognize all the earmarks of film noir, especially films like "Stranger on the Third Floor" and "Kiss Me Deadly" that combine elements of fantasy with the dark urban mystery genre. Jessica is a noir detective antihero along the bloodlines of Philip Marlowe and Sam Spade. But Jessica is a thoroughly modern woman and her pedigree clearly indicates a connection with Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock as well, and I think that in her own way Kristen Ritter has created as memorable a character out of her Jessica as Cumberbatch has with his Sherlock. (Admittedly her Sherlockian black rinse and white makeup could be part of that effect.)<br/><br/>The Sherlock connection extends to her nemesis Kilgrave, who I realize derives from the Purple Man in the original graphic novels, but who in this version is very much a post-Heath Ledger Joker antisupervillain in the manner of Andrew Scott's Moriarty. When I first saw clips of David Tennant's Kilgrave I was puzzled by why he was using an estuarial English accent for the character but I think it's because (a) an upper class Englishman wouldn't have used powers like his for such comparatively trivial purposes--he would have gone straight to the City of London or Westminster and set to work manipulating whole nations and economies, not individuals-- and (b) as a Scotsman he wouldn't libel a fellow Scot by making Kilgrave one of them. After all it wasn't Andrew Scott who chose to make Moriarty a fellow Dubliner, it was Moffat and Gatiss made him do it. Started out quite well, but I have to say that soon the characters all appear weak (save the villain) and very very whiny. The film is not subtle in promoting its social liberal political views, which would have been fine if it were just a bit more subtle.<br/><br/>That said, the series is easy to watch, and as its Marvel you continue to watch, hoping.. The acting is average (save for the villain who is very good), the music average,the special effects are average and the script is average. If you have nothing better to do, might as well spend your evening watching this, that is if you haven't watched House of Cards or any other series which is better than average. The show felt incredibly padded and I feel incredibly ripped off. Most episodic shows need to extend their story lines by a series of forced misunderstandings, missed clues, etc. But, jeepers, I think they had story enough for maybe five hours here, not 13, which necessitates making characters endure a lot of moral/character conflict only for the purpose of prolonging the "drama." What it actually does, though, is make the characters appear frankly stupid when they act contrary to their nature.<br/><br/>SPOILER: When Special Ops dude is watching Killgrave from his car, knowing he's a menace, why doesn't Special Ops Dude take Killgrave out from a distance. Hell, even kneecapping him would have worked. But he doesn't. (Episode 7 of 13). <br/><br/>SPOILER: Jessica Jones, standing (of her own freewill) in front of Killgrave, not 18 inches away. She's supper strong. She's super fast. Why not a quick punch to his throat. End of problem, for the most part. But,again, as it is Ep7 of 13, that would end the show too quickly. <br/><br/>"Dramatically convenient stupidity." Avoid it in your own writing. Marvel what a pathetic time after of your viewers.... Awful acting as well as script. There is no continuity in the story line and it is frustratingly annoying. Doesn't make sense and tries to copy other Netflix Marvel shows, in direct contrast of The Punisher, this is a total fail. Poor selection of actors make this show a terrible watch. No idea why anyone would give this more than 1 star. <br/><br/>Advice for the production team, stop trying to copy other shows and perhaps hire a few new script writers and while you're at it some better direction for the actors. Yup, my one-line summary pretty much sums up everything there is to know, and like, about Marvel's Netflix original TV series, "Jessica Jones."<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is a fascinating character in the study of Marvel Comics' ever-growing legion of super-powered characters. As created by Ultimate Marvel Universe chief architect Brian Michael Bendis and Michael Gaydos, Jessica Jones first appeared in "Alias #1" in November 2001. She debuted in Marvel Comics' now-defunct Marvel MAX imprint, which was reserved for Marvel's mature-themed line of comic book titles.<br/><br/>It was there that Jones, a former super-heroine-turned-private investigator, was introduced to the world at large. She had tried and failed to be a costumed super-heroine named Jewel (and later took up a second costumed identity called Knightress) and had even been linked to the Avengers at one point, but her career as a super-heroine didn't work out too well and she hit rock bottom - eventually earning a meager living as a hard-drinking, chain-smoking private detective, a career which she is only marginally better at, and many times allows her to cross paths with other famed Marvel Comics superheroes including Captain America, Daredevil, the Carol Danvers version of Ms. Marvel, Spider-Man, the Scott Lang version of Ant-Man (whom she dates for a brief time) and her future husband and one of my all-time favorite superheroes ever, Luke Cage, with whom she later had a daughter with and became one of the most culturally significant marriages in modern comics.<br/><br/>I read the original "Jessica Jones" comics practically cover to cover over the course of one week, and I was just completely absorbed into the dark, seedy underbelly of the Marvel Universe that Bendis, Gaydos, and co. had breathed life into - and successfully picking up from where Frank Miller had left off when he worked on his critically acclaimed and highly influential run on "Daredevil" back in the late '70s/early '80s. What struck me as most unique about Jessica Jones, as a character, was that her creators went to great lengths not to sexualize her, nor do they try to make her appear glamorous in any way (as is so typical of female characters in comics); she was down, she was out, she was (very) dirty, and she was a complete mess - and she knew it. Yet she soldiered on in her cases - because it paid the bills - where we also learned of her tragic, near-fatal battles with her arch-nemesis Zebediah Killgrave, a.k.a., "The Purple Man," who had the ability to control people's minds with his verbal commands and who seemed to have an obsessive infatuation with her.<br/><br/>Her comic book adventures also read like hard-boiled '40s-style detective-noir fiction, as opposed to your typical run-of-the-mill superhero stories, and the art looked it, too. It was dark, it was raw, it was edgy, and it was also blackly humorous - the last part courtesy of Bendis's mastery of writing dialogue for his characters that's exactly like how people talk in the real world.<br/><br/>So this brings me back to "Jessica Jones" the TV series.<br/><br/>I had eagerly awaited this show's release on DVD, as I don't have Netflix, and I have to say I was not disappointed in it. The brain-child of series creator Melissa Rosenberg and also having Brian Michael Bendis and comics extraordinaire Jeph Loeb on-board serving as producers, "Jessica Jones" definitely takes its cues from the Marvel Comics source material and doesn't look back. (And like many comic book superhero properties of late, it certainly bears the mark of its creators - in this case, once again, having Brian Michael Bendis as a producer.) While not as raw or as edgy as the source material, the series is still hard-boiled detective-noir with superheroes, or, more like "detective-noir with superpowers" - since no costumed characters show up here, at least, during the first season.<br/><br/>("Jessica Jones" also has the distinction of being the first female-fronted superhero property to debut as an on-going series, in any format.)<br/><br/>Years ago, the titular Jessica Jones (doe-eyed Krysten Ritter) flopped out of being a costumed super-heroine, and is now the owner and sole employee of her own New York City-based private-eye firm, Alias Investigations. Hard-edged, hard-drinking but strikingly vulnerable and with a morally gray outlook on her life, she is aided in her cases by her sister, radio show personality and former child star Trish Walker (Rachael Taylor, her character possibly filling in for the Carol Danvers Ms. Marvel, from the original comics); her lesbian lawyer friend Jeri Hogarth (Carrie-Anne Moss); her neighbor and recovering drug addict Malcolm (Eka Darville); and early on in the series she encounters bartender Luke Cage (Mike Colter), who has a few super-powered secrets of his own and the two continue on with something close to a romantic relationship.<br/><br/>The bulk of the series centers around Jessica Jones's dogged pursuit of Kilgrave (David Tennant), a mind-controlling sociopath who has the ability to make people do what he wants at his verbal commands and has left a trail of victims wherever he goes - including Jones herself. (I must say that Kilgrave - and Tennant's suave, smooth-talking portrayal of him - is one of the most terrifying super-villains in the history of superhero comics.)<br/><br/>Like the comics that inspired it, "Jessica Jones" earns its mature "TV-MA" rating. It's dark, it's violent, it's profane, and it's blackly humorous. But it also tackles a number of sensitive subjects including rape, abortion, and drug addiction (and not to mention that Our Heroine is suffering from a terrible case of PTSD) - just a few of the things that the mainstream Marvel Cinematic Universe continuity would probably prefer to shy away from.<br/><br/>But despite a few missteps including questionable line-readings from some of the cast members during some of the more heated moments on the show, "Jessica Jones" is compelling superhero television entertainment.<br/><br/>This viewer is definitely looking forward to season-two.<br/><br/>9/10 Reading some reviews here on IMDb or elsewhere, I wonder if we watched the same show. Simply because a show has a female lead or is a "slow burn" (an expression I hate) it doesn't mean it's automatically profound and worthy of praise (nor does it mean it's automatically bad, of course). <br/><br/>First or all, I loved the first episode, and I thought the character of Jessica Jones was interesting (she hasn't been much more than Luke Cage's wife to me before, to be honest). But my first impressions changed.<br/><br/>To say that this show is a "slow burn" is an understatement. There is nowhere near 12-13 hours worth of plot and character development in the first season of this show. If I'm being generous, there is maybe a decent 100-120 minute movie hiding in there, but spreading it out over 13 episodes is a slog. <br/><br/>They manage to do this by dragging out pointless subplots in what feels like forever. One example is the lesbian divorce/triangle drama which is obvious filler and might have worked as a subplot in one episode, but not two thirds of a full season. That story felt more like ideological positioning (the first gay couple in the MCU!) than something having to do with the plot in any substantial way, justifying all the time it takes up. Another example is the Will Simpson/Nuke subplot, which isn't helped by wooden acting.<br/><br/>Another way they manage to drag out the first season to 12-13 hours of TV is by making the characters make the dumbest possible decisions, time and time again. Catch Kilgore, do something idiotic which lets him escape, wash, rinse, repeat. It gets quite dull after a while.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter as the title character gets heaps of praise for her acting. I can't remember seeing her in anything else (although I've seen other projects she's been in) so they may be right. But what bugs me about her is her character, which quite frankly comes off as quite one note. Save for maybe a handful of scenes, her character has the same facial expression and tone throughout the show. I didn't feel as she progressed in any way, not even when it was demanded by the story. She felt like pretty much the same character before and after she was held captive by Kilgrave, which lessened the impact of her character's PTSD for example. <br/><br/>Another one lauded for his performance is David Tennant as the main antagonist. And sure, he is entertaining. But he is never frightening. And can someone tell me what his endgame is? Much like the Kingpin in the Daredevil series (and I hated the portrayal of Kingpin in that show), they are not much more than petulant children, albeit one of them being more likely to explode into fits of rage. And how threatening can a guy be when his kryptonite is earplugs or backing away a little? Especially when the main protagonist turns out to be immune to his powers. Wow, that's the recipe for some thrilling drama right there. <br/><br/>Her powers are never fully explained, nor are they consistently portrayed throughout the show. In the first episode we see her lift a car from the rear bumper with no effort, and shortly after that she has problems holding off a couple of middle aged men. The action sequences are amazingly bad from a technical point of view. They seem to do their damnedest to make her look like she has no superpowers. I'm not a big fan of TV action scenes (hello Daredevil!), I'm more of a plot guy. But if you're going to include them, you might as well do it with some skill and finesse instead of the amateur hour we were invited to in Jessica Jones. <br/><br/>It's such a shame with the success of the MCU, in a way (although I love the Marvel movies). Because it seems like projects now spend most of their energy building franchise "universes", more interested in laying the groundwork to later steps in the franchise (hello Batman v. Superman!) than telling a good self-contained story. The 12-13 hours in Jessica Jones felt more like an extensive prologue to The Defenders than a show on its own. God this is a horrible. I feel so sorry that Tennant agreed to do this show. Get Kilgrave into another story line like Luke Cage somehow and round-file this show. I cannot believe they canned Agent Carter and kept this tripe. The writing is mediocre at its best. Ritter's acting capabilities are clearly overwhelmed even by this highly underdeveloped character; and the plot is either missing, erratic, or downright boring. No spoilers, but the racism and sexism are fully revealed in the second episode with a phrase during a certain interaction (no spoilers) where Jessica's strength is established because she can endure it. That's how we're establishing this character's strength? WOW. Um...OK. And every one still gave it 8 stars... Yeah, I'm a David Tennant fan too, but Good God. It's not worth wading through the sewers of this show to get the few shining moments Kilgrave or Luke Cage appear. Luke Cage has his own show now. This waste of air time is no longer relevant. Bring back Agent Carter! I get to enjoy this show in an ideal format: in a big old house, with no distractions all day, on a variety of screens, with alcohol if I need it and homemade steak and potato pies for breaks. To be able to start with coffee and toast and watch the whole series today is like a festival, and to get to do it at home in my Ugg boots and sweats is amazing. Thanks, Netflix. <br/><br/>Having Supergirl and now Jessica Jones available as role models for modern women is a revolutionary feat for television. They're bookends: Supergirl is a kind, unspoiled alien super-oatmeal raisin cookie and Jessica Jones is an Earth-born mutant with similar powers who's been broken and tortured and wounded by a sadist. <br/><br/>I loved Daredevil, though I think it's so much more vital to have JJ's fears and motives based on anguish over her past that still haunts and threatens her: I couldn't help thinking that this heroine is every woman in the world who's ever experienced psychological or physical abuse and is hurt, vulnerable, and even a little sarcastic and calloused about it. <br/><br/>Daredevil fights to save his image of Hell's Kitchen, which is in pretty good shape today though he still fights for it, but Jessica's blows are all motivated by protection of the vulnerable and damage she carries with her inside forever. <br/><br/>She's Ophelia from Hamlet, only she chose not to kill herself, was empowered with superpowers, drinks a lot and participates in casual sex as a PI. Because she's still got her wounds. <br/><br/>I was dubious if I would like the added psychological dark material in this show since for most of the history of TV and film, sex and violence are used for shock and sensation. It's an exciting time we live in when creative minds can include nudity, sexuality, and violence which tug at our heart strings the way these things do in real life, rather than just being titillation. For every pair of exposed breasts on screen there is a heartbroken father whose princess is gone. <br/><br/>But the violence here really chops wood for the story: it's felt violence, not just well-choreographed MMA workouts, which even Daredevil is at times. No fists or lasers can carry the emotional impact a well- portrayed pair of eyes or lips can. Joss' "Avengers" brought humanity and authentic feelings to the characters so we cared and enjoyed their banter. It's why they haven't made, in my mind, a good Superman film nor a believable Batman yet: their humanity is always still in check behind masks of Superness or Bat Brooding. <br/><br/>The rough pounding sex scene in the pilot, for example, seems like as reasonable, though unhealthy, a choice for her as pouring bourbon into her water bottle to go to work as PI: the deep-tissue pummeling that numbs some of the hurt. They're both terrible choices for a hurt girl, but not many of us would say we wouldn't consider them temporarily for soothing deep emotional wounds. <br/><br/>I do think one vestige of noir they chose to keep out was good: cigarettes. I barely know a noir without smoke, and I don't think the comics used them either, but it's a good idea to keep them out for their influence on young women. I bet Jim Beam is glad they have product placement in the pilot, and I bet bourbon sales will skyrocket this weekend. <br/><br/>Lastly, I have to get on board with using women as title characters in a variety of superhero forms--Agent Carter, Supergirl, and this show, because, like Ingmar Bergman found out in his gorgeous films, it's a lot more fun to watch a woman on film than to watch a male actor, especially when we've seen so few of them. A female noir heroine is so much more nuanced and layered with weapons and vulnerabilities than we ever saw from male noir heroes, though I've often thought one reason we loved Bogart was that we could sense the pain he carried. <br/><br/>The scene where Jessica carries out a bit of PI business with a laptop while sitting on her toilet wasn't a choice Lucille Ball or Mary Tyler Moore had, or the Bionic Woman, or any character from Tolstoy or Shakespeare. But you know if Tolstoy or Shakespeare knew they could write those scenes in, they would, to bring verisimilitude to what women really are. <br/><br/>Congratulations, Marvel and Netflix. I hope you make a gazillion dollars on all your shows and last forever because you deserve it. But this one, so far, is the best series I've seen. I rarely cry at TV shows but the emotional impact of the ending of the pilot with the girl and her family was so well-constructed and emotionally justified, though manipulative, that I just collapsed. Because it did what good Drama has always done: given us authentic emotion we earn together. <br/><br/>Good work. We might just be making television that's actually Art and not just entertainment. The writers must think their audience is the stupidest people in the world! Numerous scenes that make no sense at all. Just one for example. She is super strong: When she grabs a hold of Kilgrave, as he is escaping from the sealed room why does she not crush his arm. Remember she does not know he can no longer control her. Why could she not break away from an old cop that has a hold on her leg? She comes out of the building, he can't be seen anywhere. Why does she not jump to the top of a building and try to locate him. All along, from episode one, I was yelling at the monitor about stupid audience writing. This scene was the last straw. I had to write this review. Pitiful! Jessica Jones (9/10) is very different show from Daredevil instead of playing on the similarities and reflections of the characters like between Matt Murdoch and Wilson Fisk. It focuses on much darker themes and has a sense of realism that other shows such as Arrow and The Flash lack and is far superior to the marvel films. The theme tune and overall score reminds me of law and order style shows. The series has a detective feel to it more than a super hero show mixed in with thriller aspects which make for a great show. Kill grave may be the best villain yet in the marvel cinematic universe as well as one of the most powerful and dangerous and threatening villains. He's like a dark twisted version of the doctor and the interplay between Jessica and Killgrave is more than just villain vs hero. It's a catalogue of stupid people doing stupid things. Or, more accurately, stupid writers expecting a stupid viewing public to accept stupid storylines. Alan Moore they most definitely are not.<br/><br/>You know the sort of thing - villain is captured and escapes thanks to stupid people. He's captured again and escapes thanks to stupid people. He's captured and escapes thanks to stupid people. Yada Yada Yada! Contrived, contrived, contrived.<br/><br/>Whether that comes from the original comic (which I haven't read (and have no intention of doing so) or the TV script, I don't know (I'd suspect the script) but the resulting series is far too long with simply not enough story to sustain it. It's a 5-part series, not 13. Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear...<br/><br/>David Tennant - Dr. Who to UK viewers - is annoyingly, smugly, entitled as, indeed, his character is supposed to be. And, yes, his eyes are close together.<br/><br/>But acting honours must go to the lead, Krysten Ritter, who plays superbly against an often uninspired, infuriating and boring script. How many times she must have asked, with genuine honesty and puzzlement - what the heck's my motivation for THIS scene?? Or, if she ever got into the character - which she must have done, albeit in a very confused way - questioned the actions of her heroine.<br/><br/>It turns into a melodrama, often of Macbethian and Hamlet proportions.<br/><br/>And so much of the fight action takes place in dark and dim settings; you can't see what's going on. Saves on fight arrangers, I guess. Or perhaps the editor is just trying to earn his $.<br/><br/>However, the theme music by Sean Callery is an absolute tour de force. Don't bother watching the series but do listen to the theme on YouTube.<br/><br/>At the risk of upsetting a few of the reviewers who think this is (anti)superhero gold, the only possible reason for high ratings is no knowledge of what's been done before and, mainly, a total lack of any kind of critical facility. Their suspension of disbelief must be so great that they have no belief to suspend!<br/><br/>Oh heck! Looks like they're making a second series. I only hope they get a better team of writers but I'm not going to be watching it to find out. To list the pros, at least you can watch this all at once and decide very quickly if you want to stay on board or not. Also, Ritter is really cute and does a good job in an obnoxious role.<br/><br/>To list the cons would take too long, seriously. The dialogue is typical, the action is bland, the pacing is ridiculously slow, and most of the characters should not even exist. Every time the stoner or creepy twin neighbors come on screen you will want to punch the screen. Jessica Jones herself is insecure, emo, sarcastic, and completely unfunny. Her snarky comebacks were probably written by a room full of old men. Her superpowers are never put on display, and when they finally are, they're completely underwhelming.<br/><br/>One might say this is a superhero show about romance and characters over action and powers and blah blah blah. Listen, besides the fact that it's weak in all those areas, it's still a superhero show and it needs some form of action. Jessica Jones has very little, and when it does, its pathetic.<br/><br/>I was hoping Marvel would give us another strong female lead after Agent Carter, but this show is some basic garbage. Give it a few episodes and you'll see what I mean. IMO this is by far the worst of the Marvel shows, and I barely made it through Iron Fist. I watched the first half of JJ, stopped watching because of how Twilight-ey it was, and then later I find out, lo and behold, the main writer/producer of the show is the person who wrote all 4 Twilight movies. It just goes to show who the target audience is here.<br/><br/>My main complaint with JJ is that NOTHING HAPPENS. that's it. the show is genuinely boring. The vast amount of time Jones spends on screen, she is doing things that make you wonder "why the heck is this on film". other people would argue that watching JJ do things like run out of toilet paper, or have filler sex scenes filmed in a rom-com style, are examples of "character development" but the level of banality is just painful. I want to see the director's cut of the dialysis episode, maybe we'll get to see her be put on hold by the dialysis company IN REAL TIME, and get to watch her tap her feet, look at her watch, maybe even poop in front of us again. <br/><br/>some people say this is what gives the show a down-to-earth feeling, I would argue that a) it's too much and just adds up to filler and you could easily tell the story with less than half the episodes were it not for all this "realism", and b) it's a show about super heroes, there's plenty of TV that doesn't involve mutants if "real" is what you're looking for. the show claims to be noir, but i would argue that "noir" has a more expansive definition than if your show is simply about a detective who also narrates. <br/><br/>i leave you simply with this: if you liked Twilight, you'll LOVE Jessica Jones. and that statement alone says more about this show than any review ever could. After how much I enjoyed Netflix's Daredevil, I really REALLY wanted to like Jessica Jones. Many of my friends were raving about how good it was, so I watched it with high hopes.<br/><br/>I'm a big fan of the MCU (though I've been branching out with some DC lately after being a lifelong Marvel Enthusiast). Avengers (the first) and Iron Man are two of my all-time favorite movies. Not just "comic book" movies, but all-time! All this should tell you why I had high expectations for this series.<br/><br/>I finished the thirteenth episode this morning. I didn't feel it would be fair to review something without watching the whole thing like some people here have done. It wasn't easy to get through, though. I lost interest about halfway through it, I think.<br/><br/>My biggest issue with this series is that I didn't feel myself rooting for anyone except Malcolm. He was just about the only character in the show with any redeeming qualities whatsoever. I don't count Claire, since she was barely in just over one episode, and we already met her in Daredevil. By the end of the series, I didn't care what happened to Jessica, Luke, Simpson, or even Trish. Kilgrave's death was anticlimactic. Kilgrave's motivation was lame... did he want power? Money? Influence? Was he really working THAT hard just so Jessica would love him? All that pain and destruction so a sad, alcoholic basket case would say "I love you" to him? That's it? I'm not buying it.<br/><br/>David Tennant (one of my favorite actors) was very scary at the beginning of this series. By the end of it, though, the writing had fallen so flat that I just felt sorry for Kilgrave and hoped Jessica would put him out of his misery. I don't know what else to type now. This was just disappointing, and not at all what I was hoping for. I could tell it had potential, but the writing & directing just weren't well-executed. Most of the acting was flat & colorless as well.<br/><br/>Someone give Malcolm his own show. He's the only person that deserves it. He actually wants to help people, even without "powers". Jessica Jones is not about fighting aliens and other superhumans who want to take over the world. We've seen Daredevil save Hell's Kitchen, slightly darker than we were used to but Jessica Jones even took it into a whole-nother level.<br/><br/>Amidst the falling buildings seen in the Avengers movies, we've seen how ordinary people were affected during those fights and Jessica Jones showed that being a superhero isn't all about getting the love from people.<br/><br/>In a world of superheroes, Jessica Jones showed the "reality" of what it's like being "gifted". Bad guys sometimes succeed and innocent people lose their lives everyday.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is conflicted about being a hero. She had killed innocent civilians and we won't ever see this in a Marvel movie. Jessica's nature is to be good and to help people but she sees how people can easily turn evil and how they can be not worth saving at times.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter's performance as Jessica Jones is fantastic. Jessica Jones being a survivor of Kilgrave's abuse, Ritter showed a damaged heroine.<br/><br/>David Tenant's Kilgrave is somewhat humane but despicable. He was a man craving for people's love specifically Jessica. He's a supervillain not trying to take over the world but wants to takeover Jessica. Tenant's performance was tormented, horrifying and terrific.<br/><br/>All other characters also got the chance to shine in the series. Trish Walker, Luke Cage, Jery Hogarth, all got pain and their own monsters holding them back.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones as a series has a lot to offer to the audience. The story was beautifully told in a very coherent sequence. Truly something new in the Marvel Universe.<br/><br/>10/10! Hoping to see more in the coming seasons! Just watched this series yesterday,and just fell in love with it And i think the villain "KILLGRAVE" is one of the best villains in TV SHOWS EVER!Krysten Ritter is Great as well along with action,suspense it has a bit of comedy too that makes this show even more entertaining.I loved this show till 10 episodes but 11-12 were i think weaker as they were meant to be more entertaining,the story went little off after 10 in my opinion.but overall this show is great and after watching daredevil you'll love this too ,its dark,humorous and plot is great.Overall I think its entertaining full of thrilling moments and of the best superhero show I anxiously waited months to watch Jessica Jones because I love Agent Carter and Daredevil but after binge watching 6 episodes of Jessica Jones I am so disappointed.  She is a depressing person.  So far she plays the victim instead of a survivor.  Her power of strength and speed seem to falter at times, and at other times is incredible. <br/><br/>But the most disappointing thing to me is the sex scenes, especially the scene where the cop Simpson has his face in the crotch of Jessica's girlfriend Trish Walker (under the blankets but still explicit). Some things are better left to the imagination. This show has gratuitous sex just for the shock value. The producers have cast talented actors, especially Krysten Ritter, but the storyline needs a whole lotta uplifting. I really don't want to watch further episodes, but will, just hoping for an improvement. If not, I won't be waiting around for the second season. On 2nd thought decided not to waste my time on this series. There are too many other choices of much better quality to spend my time with. For a Superhero/Vigilantly series they did a really good job with this one. This show has a perfect balance of action, heart, dialogue, mystery; very well done. I love that this show is more adult geared and not childish. Nor does it push harshly on controversial topics that don't belong in a comic book world. The only thing that gets tiresome is the fact that Jessica is always depressed. You would think after getting over some of the struggles in each season she would slowly brighten up; Character development! Once again, Netflix uses the "TV-MA" rating as an excuse to ruin otherwise interesting idea with raunchy elements that push the envelope for no reason other than shock value. The so-called "grittiness" adds nothing to the story or to the character development.<br/><br/>This show has an interesting premise and could be valuable if it weren't littered with so many things that made me feel sick to my stomach. I heard this show was an exciting thriller, but after the first episode, I wished I could wash my eyes and mind from the images I had just seen. I'm gradually learning that Netflix's "Mature" rating really means "Immature." Writers and directors need more coaching here: just because you can doesn't mean that you should, and a skilled artist would be able to imply it all without filming it all. I really enjoy this show, the characters, the twists, and female leads. I've watched since season one. Great show and Ritter is great! In New York City, Jessica Jones (Krysten Ritter) is a troubled private eye with superhuman strength. She drinks to cope with the PTSD from her rape. She is horrified when her tormentor Kilgrave (David Tennant) returns. Her lifelong best friend is her equally troubled adoptive sister Trish Walker (Rachael Taylor) who struggles with drug addiction and her controlling mother as a former child star. Malcolm Ducasse is a recovering neighbor who gets involved with Jessica's work. Jeri Hogarth (Carrie-Anne Moss) is a driven lawyer with her own agenda. Jessica reconnects with her birth mother Alisa (Janet McTeer) in the second season. In the third season, Trish gains her own powers as the ladies battle a serial killer.<br/><br/>The first season is one of the most compelling story in comic book TV. Ritter is great and Tennant really shines as the villain. Jessica Jones is a compelling protagonist and Kilgrave is such a scary antagonist. It is right there next to Daredevil season one. The second season has Jessica dealing with some mommy issues. McTeer is great veteran actress. I really like their chemistry. I'm not sure I like the Trish story and I can skip the Hogarth story. Hogarth needs to stay as a side character. The second season has a good main course with some rather average side dishes. The third season has Jessica and Trish battling a serial killer. The Trish story needs a different catalyst. The return of Kilgrave does nothing. He's only an echo and a reminder of a superior season. The show is canceled along with its Marflix brothers with the introduction of Disney streaming. The only thing I like about the show is the scenery/lighting. <br/><br/>Onto the rest.....<br/><br/>Typical 1980's PI script: PI is suffering/lost a loved one/or insert your tragedy here. Always speaks monotone and burst into offices. Drowns sorrow by drinking heavily and ignoring real life. <br/><br/>Did I mention the monotone dialog she always has? It's so bad that I turned it off.<br/><br/>This show is just as bad as the rest. Typical story lines, bad CGI and actors who seem to be confused with the roles. Characters are difficult to warm up to. The industry keeps churning out these horrible shows and people just keep accepting it. Not many people outside of the comicbook community are aware of who Jessica Jones is, but after this phenomenal series, the entire world will know just who she is. The story is even more gritty and dark, with Krysten Ritter fitting the role of a down trodden ex-superhero private investigator perfectly. Mike Colter as Luke Cage? Also smashing. The moment that he uttered the words "Sweet Christmas," I actually got chills, because it shows that the adaptation paid homage to the comics without being an exact copy. All of the pieces of the puzzle fit well for most of the season; it only stumbled in a few places, and I won't mention those because it'd be spoilerific, and we don't need that. David Tennant as Kevin "Kilgrave" was nothing short of creepy, witty, and oh-so-British. That happened to fit the character a lot better than I imagined, and I recall that a lot of people were iffy because of his role as the Tenth Doctor, and some Doctor Who fans even refuse to watch the show because of how eerily diabolical Mr. Tennant is seen portraying Kilgrave. To them, I say get over yourselves and enjoy the damn performance, because he made villainy into an art form well worth the price of admission. The plot is a slow build, and I think that is a fantastic way to tell the stories that Marvel set out to tell. After the first few episodes, if you aren't hooked then, you will be by the aforementioned point. Season 3 is not Jessica Jones. It's the Trish show. I don't care about her, or her mother. Trish is boring and self centred, but she hogs the the third season, so I don't care, I'm done after two episodes. The first thing that it occurs to me to compare this to is my favorite superhero movie of all time, "Unbreakable" (2000), because of how serious it is in its treatment of "superpowers" in that it always waits for the right moment to deploy them, it's not cheesy and juvenile about it, it's not overly saturated with violent and fantastic scenes just for the sake of being non-stop impressive. (Judging by the trailers I had hoped "Man of Steel" would take the same approach, but I was bitterly bitterly disappointed.)<br/><br/>I love how character-driven it is, just like I loved the likes of "The Wire" or "Defying Gravity", and I find it very refreshing to see this many well-defined/strong female characters and non-heteronormative couples presented up front and center. This is something I also loved about another young Sci-Fi/Fantasy series, "Sense8" (2015-), but while "Jessica Jones" only had at most 2-3 scenes that got overly long- winded about their heart-to-heart discussions and only got me to fast-forward over that stuff once, "Sense8" did it several times and had me skipping at least half an episode's worth in total so I could get to the better parts and keep my faith in the show. So in this respect "Jessica Jones" does feel like something written by or in collaboration with women, but so far it's staying well enough focused on keeping the story going that it hasn't turned me off its one-on-one dialogue scenes.<br/><br/>Some have complained that the story elements, character typologies and plot twists are nothing special, nothing we haven't seen before. To that I would say that while these elements are definitely identifiable as having been used before in other productions, they're still very good plot developments, it's not like the most predictable, boring, cheap and cheesy twists had been used, it's more like going to a new restaurant and finding that it's just as good at cooking that medium-rare steak you like as your other two favorite restaurants you usually go to for medium-rare steak. There are things that have been done before, but they're good things and they're done well, they're thoroughly enjoyable in this rendition as well.<br/><br/>Add to that the 3-4 episodes that ended on compelling cliffhangers that made me want to immediately jump into the next episodes and I'm hooked. It's not perfect, but it's something I definitely want to see more of. It goes without saying that most if not all of Netflix's original series are amazing, the numbers just don't lie. Some of their most famous shows score an 8 or a 9, which for a TV show is pretty darn good. This one falls into that category. It scores a 9 on this very website and truly deserves it. Jessica (Krysten Ritter) is a private investigator who uses photography along with her superpowers to solve these cases. She's also got a very vague past that comes to haunt her repeatedly. In the past, she was tormented by a man named Kilgrave (David Tennat) who is later revealed to still be alive when Jessica thought that he was dead. This show isn't really an action show like "Daredevil" (another Netflix series) was. This show is much more of a mystery-thriller as you're trying to figure out the case that Jessica has at hand while still trying to uncover her past and figure out this Kilgrave character. And, for the most part, the cases that she gets tasked to solve link back to her past and to Kilgrave being the main suspect. The acting is also superb. Krysten Ritter does a really good job at portraying a not really "superhero" Jessica Jones. Sure, she still has her powers, but Jessica is now more of a modern superhero. She's not as extravagant as her comic counterpart as she doesn't wear flashy spandex and a lot of makeup. This also applies for Kilgrave. Unlike in the comics, he's not purple, but David Tennat does do a great job at playing the creepy role. You wouldn't expect him to fit it, since going from being a lovable doctor to a creepy, rapist, sociopath who can control people's minds is a long jump, but he is able to do it. The quality of the show is also very good, but that's not surprise considering that Netflix shows are very high-quality. The show has a much more darker theme than the comics did, with themes such as murder, suicide, and sex, which is a lot different than the somewhat lightheartedness of the comics. Though, this dark setting may stem from Jessica's dark past, plus Netflix seems to being taking superheroes and twisting the themes to make them much darker than the comics. This show is very good, and I didn't want to cover too much of the story in case of spoilers, but if you do have Netflix, it is definitely worth watching. If you don't, the wait for it to come out on DVD or blu-ray is definitely worth it, or you could take the fast route and try out Netflix. This show gets a ten out of ten, and it does deserve it. Once I started watching this, I loved it, and I can't wait to see where the show goes from here and what show Netflix and Marvel will conjure up next! I personally love what Netflix is doing, taking very obscure characters and bringing them to the modern world and one of the most popular streaming services. It's kind of like "Guardians of the Galaxy." Before that movie released, not many people knew who Rocket Raccoon and Starlord were, but now they do. Personally, I can't wait to see what comes next. First off, Once again, IMDB making me review a show as a whole vs. it's independent season is downright criminal. Season 1 is fine...Season 3 is sooooo stupid. Boring as hell at parts, just ignores basic humanity at others. I'm mad I watched it all...The guy is a serial killer and he's human, kill the guy already. OMG Whoever canned all the MCU shows is wrong.
They were better than the big movies.
Then the hope that the Disney streaming would revive them got crushed.
Fools. I'll not touch the Disney streaming service ever. What have we got? I'll tell ya! We got women that are strong, we got women that are independent, we got women that kiss women and women that kiss women to cheat on other women. We got women that drink whiskey and even fight! We got women that are angry and women that live rough! Did you think women can't act like men?? Well newsflash! It is 2018 and Jessica Jones shows that women can do things! Long story short, Season 1 was very good...didn't rely on the clichÃ© superhero character and gave us more substance. Season 2 didn't rely on the clichÃ© superhero character x10 and gave us NOTHING. Extremely poor writing. Period.
The fact that Netflix and Marvel think they can peddle Season 2 off as entertaining just goes to show how arrogant and complacent they have become. Throw their labels on it...we'll bite.
Not anymore...lesson learned... Jessica Jones is the worst and dumbest character created by Marvel. This series is full of unnecessary drama which could have been ended in 5 episodes. I strongly suggest people save their time and never watch this stupid series. The plot of the series is very small. You can predict the ending after watching the first 3 episodes. As a fan of both Daredevil and female superheroes, I was very excited to watch Jessica Jones. I really enjoyed the first episode and loved Jones as a character. I also found Kilgrave (for the most part) to be an intriguing villain. However, the writing felt all over the place. After the first few episodes, the pacing became incredibly inconsistent. The writers introduced several subplots, but failed to bring them all to a satisfying end. My biggest gripe, however, were the stupid choices many of the characters made. Some choices just made absolutely no sense, and left me doubting the characterization and motives of certain characters *spoiler*(such as when Hogarth aided Kilgrave in escaping from the soundproof room. Is her divorce really that important to her? Does she not understand how manipulative and sadistic Kilgrave is? Why would she ever help him when she knows what he did to Jessica and Hope?)*spoiler* Overall, I was very underwhelmed with the series, although I still found it somewhat enjoyable. So much can be said about this series; this trilogy of chaos and destruction. Full of righteousness, indignation, empathy and pain. If you are ready for a journey through the depths of human depravity then this is for you. The good, the bad and the really, really ugly. Bravo. It is very boring and slow show, after all the probsgabda around it, I agonized my self watching season 1, just in case, and it was a big waste of time and data package.<br/><br/>Events are not convincing, Jessica's urge to save "Hope" while many other people are getting killed is not even understandable.<br/><br/>If you are bored, have time, plenty of it, then enjoy... After seeing so much acclaim and talk around this series, i decided to check it out and see what all the fuss was about...<br/><br/>So here our my honest thoughts on Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>I couldn't even get past how not good this show was in the episode i watched. The Music and Cinematography are pretty good, i'm not denying that, but i found it not compelling at all, more boring than anything else.<br/><br/>First of all, i do not like sex in anything (Movies, TV, Video Games, etc.) it's dirty, it's gross, and my belief is that it's a private thing that should not be displayed in media, and this show starts off with that, and then Jones sitting on a balcony watching someone do sex in a window. I felt dirty watching this show. And as we watch Jones, we find she drinks, is depressing and broken, and just a scarred person who gives off a disgusting vibe when your near this person. I cannot believe a show that makes me feel dirty and miserable inside is such a beloved show. Why do people praise things that are depressing and dirty? I don't get it. <br/><br/>And then we go through seeing Jones' life and what she does and running from her past etc etc. Things that have been done in a much better and smarter way when it comes to shows or movies. These things are supposed to make you feel for the main hero, care about them. i didn't feel compassion for Jessica Jones, i did for Agent Coulson (Agents of SHIELD.) and Agent Carter, not Jones though. <br/><br/>When it comes to anything that is acclaimed, be mindful, cause you make may regret what you see after because you've been duped by it. <br/><br/>My rating is 2/10... I'm sorry, i just didn't like it at all. I'm not buying this acclaim and best show ever made garbage (You want something that's better? Agent Carter, The Andy Griffith Show, The Wild Wild West. Anything that makes it feel fun and love action and heroes being heroes.) First was Arrow which was so laughably cheesy and boring that I could barely get though 3 or 4 episodes. Then came Agents of Shield which looked like it was just for kids. But then here came Daredevil and it turned out to be really really cool. So I had hopes for Jessica Jones. Didn't happen.<br/><br/>The show has style, that's true. The conflict between Jessica and her nemesis Kilgrave is pretty engaging. There are some good moments. And the nemesis is pretty terrifying with his power, I'll tell you that.<br/><br/>But the storyline is not especially engaging, and it's not because of slow pace, it's because it's just often not really interesting. I didn't sympathize with most of the characters so didn't really care what happened to them. The story takes twists and turns, but while some of them are cool and unexpected, others just seem weird and awkward.<br/><br/>Most of all I'm annoyed by Jessica. Don't get me wrong, Krysten Ritter is doing a terrific job and she's nice and I like her personally, but the character annoys me screenplay-wise. When I started watching the first episode I thought: "Wow, lots of female characters made to look like stereotypical male characters". I don't like to see female characters who gulp down bourbon like Coke without wincing, yet don't have any signs of alcoholism, wake up with a perfect face and smoothly-shaved armpits (because decapitation is fine but not smoothly-shaved armpits would apparently kill our gentle viewer). I've seen real broken women; that's not how they look, and I don't think super-strength would really mean much here. If you're trying to make serious TV (and it seems pretty serious by the amount of dark past and haunting memories all the characters seem to have â€”Â so much, in fact, that there's barely any relief in the storyline), you can't make things that unnatural. If you want to see broken people check out True Detective.<br/><br/>IMO this show fails to create a perfect balance between a comic-book feel and realism, between darkness and lightness that Daredevil achieved. This series was addictive and kept me on the edge of my seat. I got the feel of Jessica straight away and found it easy to love her. Like most Marvel it also has a link to another Marvel hero at the end so I really felt like I was in the marvel universe. Krysten Ritter plays Jessica very well and I like the character too, so tormented, fragile, selfless and heroic you wonder how she does it numerous times through the series, with her lack of sleep and ongoing stress piling up and the constant fear of who is going to end up dead next. <br/><br/>David Tennant plays his character so well he really makes me despise him but almost feel happy for him when I think he might change his spots. I like the way they keep it in the the feel of the comic and also give it a dark edge. Can't wait for the next series I have to say out of all of the superhero shows I've seen so far this one by far is the best one so far. I don't want to take away anything from Daredevil or Luke Cage (both excellent shows) but the acting, the story, and the character development in this show are just phenomenal. Jessica Jones, the title character, is the personification of what a bad-ass female lead looks like. Alcoholic, cynical, bitingly sarcastic, she is the woman that everybody both hates and admires. Virtually every supporting cast member that I could think of have exceptionally well developed characters and backgrounds. The Bad Guy is pretty damn bad (in the good way) but is so affable he comes across as a guy who you would tell your social security number to. The series handling of controversial topics like PTSD, alcoholism, substance abuse, assault, rape, and a few other things I can't think of right now are done with a candidness that is rare even on many "premium" cable shows. It is like this show itself, while a fictional TV show based around a comic book character, is actually a statement on real life society (something that seems emboldened by the lead's occasional voice-over narration throughout the series). Watching the characters in this show I often found myself on the edge of my seat in anticipation of the next betrayal or the next death. While there are good guys and bad guys here going through the first season episode by episode I found myself examining the characters on the screen just waiting to see if the hidden demon that I suspected was hiding in them would come out.<br/><br/>10/10. Definitely recommend that anybody watch this show the first chance they get. I have not seen all Marvel shows (Daredevil is getting buzz but I have not seen it). Counting movies, Agents of SHIELD, Agent Carter, etc, Jessica Jones is the best Marvel show yet. The development of the character, who is a relatively minor superhero in the Marvel universe, is well-done. The villain, who was the Purple Man in the comics but is Kilgrave here, is phenomenally evil and well played. The darkness and edginess of this show is captivating. I mostly binge watched while sick at home one day. I didn't get any much needed sleep as my Netflix app just kept booting up the episodes. I gave it 8, wanted more background material on Jessica. Don't get me wrong Dare Devil is a wonderful series with hand to hand fighting sequences which are better than the ones in Jessica Jones. Where Jessica Jones excels is it's story and characters, it doesn't flip from dark to light-hearted like Dare Devil does, instead Jessica Jones is dark and cynical. New York looks like a miserable place like Scorcese's Taxi Driver. The main female protagonist Jessica Jones is a sarcastic, tortured, unlikable character who tries to redeem herself by doing the right thing by people in a crappy world, the series turns sexual stereotypes on their heads, the main villain is a sick pervert, innocents get truly preyed upon and manipulated in the foulest of ways for KilGrave's twisted desires. This is Marvel all grown up and dark and sinister 10/10. It's not were near to Daredevil, Krysten acting is really making the show dull, she over does it. She cannot pull off a tuff, strong and cool character. Story line is not as accepted some sense are silly and no logic. Dialogues are bad taste. Stunts are really poor, even though characters are having powers there is not much shown in the stunts except pulling the lock out. Direction need to be improved. Rachael Taylor been more suitable for Jessica Jones role than Krysten Ritter. Krysten Ritter acting is really not convening for the role. I don't think i can continue to watch season 2. Hope they come back with more improvement else this show gonna die. Setting out, I really tried to enjoy Jessica Jones, and the series looked promising. I enjoy most of the actors involved work. I see things blasting the acting and the pace. The real problem with Jessica Jones is the writing. From the mind of Melissa Rosenberg, who brought us such cinematic gems as The Twilight Series, and Birds of Prey, Red Widow, all of whom were female character focused and was canceled in the first season. The overall writing and pace is just crap. I honestly think all the actors involved did great with the materials they were provided. Rosenberg, seems to take the series in the direction that highlights Jessica's victimization. However, it not only highlights it, it beats you over the head like a hammer. It really doesn't hit home with most male audience members. Anyone who can stop moving cars and jump real high with superpowers shouldn't spend each and every episode lamenting about their pain like an Emo teenager. Especially a woman in her late 20's or early 30's. This is entirely where the series lost me.In the end, the character makes emotional decisions and consequences be as they may. Some may say that's the appeal of Jessica Jones, but the two don't seem any way plausible to me (as much as a super hero series can be). Daredevil was great. However, this is the no-name superhero that Jessica sets out be. Bland and nameless. Oh, my word... I thought the Daredevil series was bad... this snoozer is not far behind it.<br/><br/>Middle aged, entitled loser acting like a petulant child who can't get candy at the checkout at Walmart. It's not cute and it's not funny.<br/><br/>If Netflix has taught me anything it's that comic book characters should stay that way.<br/><br/>And whose idea was it to hire Doctor Who as the bad guy? Bloody hell, Netflix have more money than sense!<br/><br/>The suggestion is that the powerful womenfolk are all lesbians. Let's see some lesbo action, eh? I mean, throw us guys a bone here. <br/><br/>I mean, I get it... she's a role model for women. She's a pessimistic needy slut with drink issues. What woman can't relate to that?<br/><br/>But for guys she's... a pessimistic needy slut with drink issues... not something men find attractive.<br/><br/>And because all the other women are lesbians there's really nothing to keep guys tuned in, now that we are painfully aware that they aren't gonna get it on for the cameras.<br/><br/>I gave this dreck 3 stars because of the interesting door which is thankfully featured as the comic relief. But by episode 5 even that gets killed off! Jessica Jones was in a car accident as a child and received super powers that include strength, fast healing among other things, she decides to start helping people but runs into a powerful man named Kilgrave with the ability to bend the will of anyone he wants. Under his command, Jessica loses herself to the point of killing an innocent person and she thought she had escaped Kilgrave as apparently he died in an accident.<br/><br/>A year later she starts a Private Investigation office but fears everyday that Kilgrave will return. Jessica's encounter with him has left her broken, changed, in a hell dimension for her brain. She is a drunk woman who's heart was taken apart, and her mind was demolished from within.<br/><br/>All her fears will come true when Kilgrave has return to the city with the sole purpose of claiming a powerful vengeance on Jessica. He has come stronger than ever, prepared to do anything or hurt anyone who's pain will directly harm Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>She will have to find the hero on her, the will to live and the will to fight to save innocents from this monster and take him out with absolutely everything she has.<br/><br/>Based off the Marvel Comic Book Series "Alias" by Michael Bendis this is is the second Netflix show that's a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe that include the Avengers films.<br/><br/>Being TV-MA helps this show a lot as it can be as relentless and as unapologetic when it comes to show the brutality of the source material in a respectful way and to a captivated audience.<br/><br/>This show wasn't just good, it was really, really good. It was dark, depressing at times, it dealt with loss of loved ones, broken people fighting to their last breath to make a difference. The first season is awesome but without Kilgrave the series is horrible This started out to me and a fun watch nothing special, but some characters had major developments like malcom and truly surprised me! I enjoyed the flawed characters as they struggled in their dark world. Much better than the typical superhero nonsense. Ended at the right time. The first 2 was really good, really hard to get of the sofa and take a pause. But the 3.on.. ðŸ˜«
Trish made us so annoyed, so unbelivable embarrasing. We went "oh no", "please fast forward", and "stop it, she's ruining everything". She is doing a good job, but they are making a fool of herself and the hole JJ3. First of all, I am truly amazed that this series has an all female writing/directing crew, yet is comparably mild in its in-your-face feminist attitude (despite what other people think - dude, have you ever watched a recent BBC series?).<br/><br/>If you are bored by CGI action-fest loud superhero stuff, this is definitely for you.
The whole series is a slow but intense experience with focus on complex characters and history - broken people, moral challenges and obligations.<br/><br/>The cases presented in every season are traced in detail. Yes, people do make bad decisions. But that is the point. No one is flawless in this opus.<br/><br/>Cinematography and score are excellent, as are most of the acting jobs.<br/><br/>I am not usually a fan of Marvel stuff, but this one is different.<br/><br/>9/10 stars. So it all starts quite nice, characters are introduced gradually and there's some depth. Acting is OK, setting is quite dark, so you'd assume this one is oriented to the older audience, the problems is - some of us don't want to shut down our brain while watching it, so it should still make some sense!
It all goes down the drain few episodes in after you learn about the Killgrave and the "cat and mouse" game starts. Sadly plot becomes very banal and illogical very quick - there are probably 20 ppl dead already and all of it is because they're trying to save one (pretty much a random person from the crowd when it comes to main characters) about 10 episodes in - just turned it off mid episode, since I just couldn't bear it anymore. Don't fall for a few first episodes trap.. Enjoy season 1, avoid season 2 as it was painful to get through. Hopefully season 3 will sort itself out and you can watch the recap and dodge S2. I do not care for the story in season 2 of Jessica Jones-the 2nd half far less so than the 1st half. Despite this statement, I like the idea of Jessica Jones, and I like Krysten Ritter as the personification of Jessica Jones. I have seen several posts that praised season 1 of Jessica Jones. This surprised me because I care far less for season 1 than I do for season 2. I hated the Kilgrave character. There were no limitations or vulnerabilities in his power. There did not appear to be any mental mechanics to his ability. He talked and everyone, simultaneously, fell under his control-no concentration required. I thought him too super, and that annoyed me. I was happy when his character was killed off because I never wanted to see him again. The first few episodes of season 2 produced a hope in me for a more film-noir series. This potential for a moody, pessimistic, menacing thriller is what I perceive when I look at the trailers for Jessica Jones. I have read a few posts that praise Daredevil, but none of them were written by me. When I see Daredevil running and jumping across rooftops and climbing up the sides so buildings I cannot help but ask myself, how is he fighting crime when it must take him several minutes to move from one end of a block to the other. All I see is a guy in a costume acting as a moving target for a SWAT Officer with a rifle and a scope. And don't get me started on boy billionaire, Danny Rand, and his glowing hand that he got by sticking it in the molten heart of a dragon, or something like that. The whole mystical-magical aspect of The Defenders was a turnoff for me. 
A Jessica Jones quote in The Defenders: 
"Okay to be clear, we've now used the word resurrected 3 times." 
SPOILERS BELOW:
The more real-world hardcore edgy feel to Jessica Jones is more to my liking. However, there were several things about season 2 that I did not like. Foremost among these is the fact that they used Jessica Jones' mother as fodder for the story. I think the writers are trying to be too clever. Often in TV series it seems like writers are spit-balling ideas and stringing them together. I would sooner have seen a story where Jessica's mother continued to be dead rather than introduce her into the series so that she could be killed at the end. Another aspect of this that bothers me is the fact that Jessica spends so much time brooding over the loss of her biological family, and then she jumps at the chance to turn her mother into the police. Jessica told the police where Alisa, her mother, could be found. She drove her mother out of the one place that was setup to maintain her outside of a hardened prison cell. She didn't talk to her mother. She didn't take the time to try and reconnect with her mother. She didn't take the time to try and understand her mother's condition. In the beginning, she gave no thought to negotiating her mother's surrender. Alisa was the bad guy, and Jessica Jones immediately tried to have her mother captured or killed just like a good-guy superhero should, supposedly. That was too goody-two-shoes/black and white for me. I don't care if Alisa did kill her boyfriend several years back. This issue was too complicated for Jessica to instantly throw her MOTHER under the bus. Remember, this a person whose loss she had been brooding over for years. 
And why have Patsy be the one to kill Alisa at the end. I do not like much of the storyline around Patsy. The drug addiction in her past was fine, but her obsession with superpowers was an unattractive look for her. The sisterly connection between Patsy and Jessica was an attractive part of the series. Jessica's fortress of solitude was the bond between her and Trish (aka Patsy). It seems to me that the writers were either spit-balling ideas that they hoped would make them look clever or they did this to push the 2 characters apart. My thinking on the latter is that they might be planning on a standalone "Hellcat" series and are using this mechanism to separate Jessica and Patsy. Either way, I still do not like Patsy murdering Alisa, Jessica's mother. It feels interjected rather than a normal or logical progression. 
I do agree with a couple of posts that I have read. I think the writers should do more to explain this destructive behavior of Jessica Jones. Why is she this hard-drinking bitter woman with an attitude? Why does she choose to live such a grungy existence? This persona and profession seems out of place for an attractive young woman, but it is a good fit for a watered-down version of Alisa Jones. 
Story is King, and I just wish the writers had written a better story.
Horatio Jaxx To be honest I knew very little going into this show. I haven't read any of the comics and I didn't watch the trailer before viewing. I am glad on the trailer part because most trailers give away too much anyways. I think because of that I was able to get sucked in right away. From the first episode I was hooked into this dark yet realistic like world of a superhero who doesn't take crap from anyone. Most superheroes are like that but this one was handled and brought to our screens a bit differently. Her picture was painted with large brush strokes from the start to show us a vivid character portrait of what it is like to be a superhero in the real world. Not all superheroes wear capes and not all superheroes make good choices. As soon as the show opens with Jones doing her normal day to day investigating routine you are invested because of how good this show is made. This show is very well written and directed. And the acting is superb from the lead actress, Krysten Ritter, as well as the rest of the cast. This show deserves to be seen and you should watch it, clearly if you are reading this you probably are already interested. I am telling the truth when it comes to viewing this show though, it's so worth your attention it's not like the cookie cutter superhero films we have been getting almost every year. Not to say those films are bad because they are not. But this is finally something different that actually explores real issues too other then just aliens attacking New York City. It pushes the boundaries of what you would expect in a show like this and gives you something better then what you expected to see. I love Jessica Jones; her character, attitude, past and present. Everything about her is fabulous. What i don't like, is Trish. Season 1 was amazing because it was all about Jessica with bits of the others. Season 2 and 3 were good, but I wanted to fast forward all of the Trish garbage. I find the character to be very unlikable. Yes, I know we're supposed to like-hate her, and we're supposed to feel for her because of her abusive mother, but its impossible to like her and she really brings down the show. I want another season where Trish is gone. She can be in jail, in another city, or dead. I'm okay with some minor scenes with her, but the show needs to focus on Jessica and not the horrible side kick. When I saw the trailer for Jessica Jones I was excited for the series. It was very entertaining but this show has big problems. If I don't call it for what it is nobody else will so im just going to tell you exactly what the writers of the script already know. Blasphemy is the act of insulting or showing contempt or lack of reverence for God. This series has 13 episodes and I counted at least 3 of the major characters continuing to take the Lord's name in vain time after time in every single episode. They really do go out of their way to take the Lord's name in vain. This tells me that a majority of the people involved in the series are more than likely satanic. The big Hollywood director is always the guy seen in pictures wearing his Alister Crowley t shirt. And since Crowley was a devil worshiping lunatic he did everything in his power to defy the one true God.<br/><br/>Exodus 20:7 says "Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain." Actors and actresses are professionals so when they get into character they know exactly what they are doing right? I say hold them accountable for what they say in these movies and television shows as well. Even if the writer of the script is satanic and you are getting paid to play a role it doesn't mean you have to say yes to everything they are asking you to do. Does it bother them to do these things? It bothers me to watch it. Every time they took the Lord's name in vain I felt it. And after I was finished with the 13 episodes I felt really dirty for viewing it. If I counted the amount of times they did it the number would probably be about 100.<br/><br/>There is an old saying in the recording industry. "What type of sorcery is this?" Well, we know exactly what type of sorcery Jessica Jones is. The satanic Hollywood agenda is working in full force and this is the most blasphemous script I have ever seen in the history of television. I don't care how great the acting and the story was because the true message behind this trash was made loud and clear. I am sure the atheists, the devil worshipers, and pagans can't wait to tear me apart for this review. However, according to the bible only God can judge me. If you don't see the staggering amount of satanic influence going on in Hollywood I would encourage you to really open up your eyes and be more perceptive about what you are seeing on the television screen. The show does an excellent job of laying the foundation for what can lead to a deeper exploration into sociopathology, psychopathology, charisma, and responsibility. What is now a seemingly endless fascination by the media is presented in a challenging way. It is wholly refreshing that the sexual manipulation play book is rarely used in this series (if ever) by either the male or female characters. It is also wholly refreshing to find inflicted direct violence used less as a means of manipulation (rather than suggestion), but, when used, that it can be employed by either sex. Finally, thank god real sex is portrayed on the screen. Women actually taking the lead and both women and men enjoying themselves in "the bedroom." Jessica Jones has problems. She wants to be a hero but can't seem to get over her disastrous past. She has a drinking problem. She has no friends. She hates herself. She was manipulated into killing her lover's wife. She's also super-strong and can jump high. Between her constant self-loathing, she finds out others' dirty secrets and gets paid for it. She really hates herself.<br/><br/>And it's into this World we are slowly submerged. The story telling a slow drowning into her horrid life. When we first meet Jessica, she's on the case to find a young girl who may have been abducted. Before the first episode is over, things have gotten pretty bad. Really bad. We are also introduced to the movers and shakers and a few of their problems: Trish Walker, Gerry Hogarth, Luke Cage, Kilgrave, Malcolm. <br/><br/>As Jessica tries to redeem herself and keep an innocent girl out of jail, the show goes from film noir to horror. A bit like Chinatown or Angel Heart except with superpowers and far more violence. The show really hits its stride in the second act when a game of cat and mouse plays out with some horrific consequences and dirty mind games. The horror the show has only hinted at comes out of nowhere and the pace doesn't let up til the finale. <br/><br/>However, the finale is a bit of a letdown after such a strong climb. It seems the writers or producers had no imagination (or not enough episodes) to really bring about the destruction they wanted their incredible villain to rain down. It's rushed and a little clunky and a little unbelievable but for everything that has come before, you can almost forgive it. <br/><br/>The cast are great. Krysten Ritter flexing muscles I didn't know she had. She plays sarcastic bitch well but I didn't know she could also do incredibly vulnerable, self-hating soul. Her best friend Trish is played by Rachel Taylor and their chemistry is great. They are a really good antidote to all the masculinity Marvel indulges in. Two very realistic women who are having to fight twice as hard. The supporting cast including Carrie Ann Moss is a delight. Moss' character, a shark of a lawyer, is a great foil to both the villain Kilgrave and Jones. She's in it just for herself and while she is happy to help Jones, her decisions to get something out of it are purely believable and the consequences for her and others are deserved. However, the star of the show is David Tennant as Kilgrave. A delightfully unhinged psychopath whose only motive is to make Jessica fall in love with him. Not interested in blowing up a city or gentrification or making money (his power supersedes all desires) the only thing he can't have is Jessica and he really, really wants her. Watching him manipulate everyone to get her attention and watching him fail to keep her time and again is a remarkable thing. When he finally launches into a series of violent murders, it's almost like some twisted explosion of sexual tension and his idea of a love letter to her. <br/><br/>The other attraction is the story. It starts slow but as we move along, we learn that every little detail meant something. This adds a severe level of gravitas to the final episodes and rewards your viewing. Not a contrived story or moments of shocking revelations, everything is pulled together as their mind games are played out. <br/><br/>I've heard a lot of complaints and I suspect it's due to the show being focused on females. I think, compared to all other superhero shows around, Jessica ranks in the top. A believable hero. A cast of interesting and flawed humans. The ability to shock without resorting to tricks. Some kick ass action and a nasty, nasty villain. I'd heartily recommend Jessica Jones. Boring. Slow. Way slow. The acting isn't good. The writing isn't good. I watched hoping it would be another Netflix winner but it isn't. But you need ten lines of text even though the show doesn't deserve it so here goes. The premise could be interesting but it isn't as conceived. The dark, moody film noir approach isn't done well and it winds up just being dark as in not enough light. Maybe the comic book was good but it didn't make the transition to the screen. Krysten isn't a great actress and she doesn't play the part all that well. She's basically playing Jesse's girlfriend without the drugs. Same mannerisms. I just didn't work for me. Maybe, just maybe, we've played out these comic book based shows ? After watching Netflix and Marvel's Daredevil earlier this year, I was enthusiastic to watch their next show, Jessica Jones, which was released on Netflix in late November. What I was introduced to was a show far better beyond anything I was expecting.<br/><br/>The acting by the entire cast were extraordinary and were able to captivate the audience with the complexities of their own character, in particular both David Tennant and Krysten Ritter who were especially capable of bringing their characters to life. The camera-work was also superb, story and writing was phenomenal and the general tone of the whole show was very dark yet realistic. <br/><br/>Personally I found this show to be much better than Daredevil, solely because it had much more ideas to explore (powers, social drama, alcoholism, post-traumatic stress disorder). However, I do love the idea of how it overall fits in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and how it can be linked with Daredevil and the other Defenders. As always, I'm extremely excited to watch the new shows that Marvel and Netflix have planned in the future, and definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone, even if you're not necessarily a fan of Marvel or the MCU. "It employs depression as a substitute for personality, and believes that if the characters are bitter and morose enough, we won't notice how dull they are." Roger Ebert was describing Gladiator, but his comments could just as easily have been applied to Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>The story starts off in a quite promising fashion with a film noir aesthetic and style that is swiftly jettisoned after the first episode in favor of an indistinct and inconsistent tone that shifts wildly from episode to episode and from plot point to plot point. Viewers never know quite what kind of show it is they are watching. The horrific violence and sexual frankness depicted clash wildly with the childish and immature plotting. The portions of the show dealing with Jessica's relationships with Luke Cage and Trish are chick-flick grade material (as you'd expect from the writer who brought us the Twilight films), but the moments with Kilgrave are aggressively dark and disturbing.<br/><br/>David Tennant and Krysten Ritter deserve praise for their brilliant performances. The two add nuance to a jolting script that includes gems like: "I don't want to come back to my apartment and find you bludgeoned to death with my vacuum cleaner." "We both know you don't own a vacuum cleaner, Jessica!"). However, their efforts are largely unaided by a weak supporting cast that drags the show down whenever they are given focus. <br/><br/>The plot is extremely disjointed. Major characters disappear for entire episodes in the middle segments without explanation. Subplots including a lesbian divorce serve no purpose to the overall story except to service the producer's agenda. Further, Jessica's backstory is overdone with far too many melodramatic twists and crippling emotional baggage. Her character has tremendous potential, but the characterization is weak across the board in Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>Darkness is the new trend in film and television, but darkness is not enough to sustain an audience's interest. I suspect that Jessica Jones will not garner a huge following, because it fails to engage the soul of its audience going for cheap thrills and shock value over compelling drama and characterization.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones deserved a better show.<br/><br/>The show's unremitting darkness is completely unwarranted and unearned. I have endured this series with its awful characters like Patsy whom I can't stand to even watch on the screen and the weird lawyer who is also a ridiculous side note and irrelevant. I got through the first season as David Tennant's character kilgrave was brilliant, after that it became a vacuous non entity that just aired for the sake of it. Series 2 brought nothing except a migraine everytime I heard Patsy, And now to top it all off series 3 Patsy gets superpowers and wants to become a hero are you kidding me! Is this a child's comic, this character is so needy and jealous, its horrible I just cant watch, and the actress that plays her is so wooden she could be a cardboard cut out which would improve the show no end. The lame middle aged podgy villain is not worthy of superhero time or mine for that matter, is that the best they could come up with? I thought Jessica Jones was a anti hero but this is played out for kids and teenagers, it's child like, pathetic and the acting is cringy.<br/><br/>So glad it's cancelled. Let's clear the air and get the Daredevil expectation out of the way. I loved Daredevil. Going into JJ I had no expectations that it would in any way be a DD clone in any shape or form as this would be plain stupid. <br/><br/>What I wanted was something different, exciting and refreshing. Admittedly I'd never heard of JJ, but given the high quality of DD, I expected something that would impress. Instead, we got a show that felt like I was being asked to drag a mountain up a mountain. Yes, there was a plot, but not enough to be stretched out for 13 episodes. I enjoyed Luke Cage and the Nurse from DD. <br/><br/>But you know what I enjoyed the most about JJ - the fact that it finally ended. I was very excited for this series. I loved the story this was based off of, "Alias" and I couldn't wait to see Luke Cage in action. I finished the series the day after it came out, and I was left feeling off. My initial reaction to the ending was "Wait, so that's it? What the hell?" It went out with a whimper. The finale started out strong, and then it just burned out. While the finale left a bad taste in my mouth, that doesn't take away from the episodes that are good, even masterpieces. <br/><br/>Jessica Jones is a show with lots of ups and downs, mostly because of the filler and focus on badly acted characters. The action scenes sucked big time. Luke did pretty much nothing but clomp about like an elephant and Jessica's powers were lazily done. We always see her shoving people and then we go to a boring shot of people flying backwards. The death of Luke's wife which we don't need to see several times always messes with the pacing of the episode because of how awful it was done. Maybe if her death was more impactful, like Jessica punching her through the chest or something I'd be more shocked. But instead we get a slow motion punch that doesn't even look like it hurt. Jessica's jumping was extremely uncreative. We see her start to jump, and then we immediately cut to a shot of her feet landing somewhere. Hogarth did not need so much screen time, and all her divorce drama felt like filler. Which I could forgive if it wasn't so poorly executed. Pam, Hogarth, and Hogarth's ex were all poorly acted and sucked the excitement out of the room. Only Kilgrave could save scenes with any of the lesbian drama bunch. Jessica was inconsistent. Sometimes she was well acted, but other times she was an annoying brat who thought it was cool to use mild cuss words. There were some very stupid plot lines and twists, such as Jessica deciding she wants to go to prison. It led up to a very exciting scene in the police station, but she acted like an out of character idiot the entire episode. We could've used more information all around. I wanted to see more of Jessica under control of Kilgrave, the series desperately needed it. Why the writers chose to wipe what could've been extremely powerful and impactful scenes under the rug and instead make pathetic divorce drama I'll never know. <br/><br/>I have a single reason this show has a 7 instead of a 5 or 6; Kilgrave. He is the sole reason I was kept engaged, and his death didn't excite me like a villain death should. I was just disappointed that now I don't care if there's a season 2, because I realized that I don't care about Trish or that psycho cop. Kilgrave is who I was watching for. He was marvelous. Tennant was absolutely fantastic, and the best episode of the series is very Kilgrave heavy. "AKA Sin Bin" was easily a 10 out of 10. Every other episode ranged from 7 and lower for me, with either Kilgrave or Luke being what saves the episodes. The other episode that was actually good all around was "AKA WWJD?", which was also very Kilgrave heavy. If not for the atrocious lesbian drama, it would've easily joined "AKA Sin Bin" as a solid 10. Like "Daredevil", this series severely lacks rewatchability. Those two episodes are the only ones worth going back to see again. <br/><br/>The series shines when it focuses on dialogue and character development for Jessica and Kilgrave. It fails in almost every other aspect. Shines is an understatement actually. It glistens. Just fantastically done, I must applaud the writers and acting behind Kilgrave and Jessica in those two episodes. But that isn't going to make me love everything about the series just because of the well done parts. Jessica's annoying girl neighbor was the most annoying, pathetic excuse for acting I've seen in ages. I despised her. <br/><br/>All in all, the series is astounding for a couple episodes, but it whimpers for the most part. Give it a go if you want, but if you thought it's sister show Daredevil was bad you'll probably find this unwatchable. Marvel's Jessica Jones is the latest in original series television programing from Netflix. I heartily applaud Netflix on their initiative and bravery to bring this 13 episode first season to television screens everywhere. It is certainly a risky and expensive proposition to produce this kind of programming and my sincere hope is that continue to do so. As they did with their first series production, Daredevil, all 13 episodes were released on the same day, November 20, 2015, to encourage binge watching which for me and I suspect many of you, is a wonderful satisfying formula.<br/><br/>The series centers on the struggles of one Jessica Jones (Krysten Ritter), former failed super hero attempting to reboot herself as a private investigator in New York City so she can pay her rent and put food on the table. She has a bit of super strength, she can jump over a house andshe is damaged goods, broken from past events that are systematically revealed through each succeeding episode. The action takes place in Marvel's cinematic universe, meaning that The Hulk, Captain America, Iron Man and the rest all exist though within the story line they are only made reference to. Perhaps stronger tie-ins will be made down the road, (depending of course, on how far the road ends up going). This first season (expect a second) deals with Jessica's trials to bring to justice the evil protagonist Kilgrave (former Dr. Who, David Tennent). Kilgrave's superpower is the ability of mind control, that he uses to commit unspeakable crimes of murder, rape, child abuse and other assorted atrocities. This is one real "baddy".<br/><br/>I must tell you, the acting is top notch. Both Ritter and Tennent provide convincing portrayals of their characters that are allowed to develop into people that we feel we know; love em' or hate em' as the case may be. It becomes immediately easy to sympathize with Jones (Ritter) and to embrace utter abhorrence with the malevolent Kilgrave. Also turning in superior performances is Cary-Anne Moss (as Jerri Hogarth, hi profile amoral attorney), Mike Colter (as Luke Cage, superhuman strength and unbreakable skin and romantic interest to Jessica), and to a lesser extent, Rachael Taylor (as Patricia "Trish" Walker, Jessica's adoptive sister and best friend). As I said, all top notch actors turning in really fine performances.<br/><br/>Also at top notch caliber is the cinematography. The storyline is filmed to lay out an urban vibe of a dark and dirty environment of the worst the city has to offer. It creates a perfect atmosphere for the series Noir feel filled with grit and of course, sex. It is within this framework that Jessica wallows away in booze soaked self-pity as she tries to cope with sins of the past while simultaneously trying track down the elusive Kilgrave.<br/><br/>So, with so much going for it, all that is left is to review the story line's writing prowess to develop and carry forward the most important part of ALL cinematic efforts; the plot. Sadly, it was there that my biggest disappointment surfaced. As is the case with far too many movies, TV series and the like, if a story line requires your buy-in to implausible, unbelievable writing there is alas, nothing. The brilliant acting and skilled cinematography are all for naught simply because someone at the top of the corporate food chain decided that tension and drama were more important than reasonable and logical writing. The fact is that one cannot work without the other. With a little more effort they could have easily had both. Whoever you are, you need to be fired right now. How sad it was for the audience to be subjected to "finger nails on the blackboard" as time and time again as we are asked to buy-in to the senseless pursuits of the main character's basic objectives. No superhero or arch villain in their right mind would behave in such a fashion. Mark my words, you will be screaming at your television set as cliché after cliché plays out requiring from you to embrace ignorance and to avoid exercising any semblance of thought.<br/><br/>6½ stars out of 10 Hi.<br/><br/>This is my first review here, so it might contain mistakes or etiquette flaws. Try to ignore them. Jessica Jones was a somewhat-known character to me, having read the recent (2005-2010) Daredevil comics, where she appeared now and then. However, I didn't really know that much about the character, other than that she used to be a superhero but gave it up. <br/><br/>First: this show blew me away. For me it is on par with Daredevil, albeit it being a very different kind of story. I watched all the episodes in one day. So I pretty much loved it - the general theme of the show is compelling, and it's really really refreshing to see a female lead who isn't glued to the basic American stereotypes: Jessica Jones does what she wants, doesn't always care that much, suffers from PTSD and drinks a lot. One could perceive her as an anti- hero of sorts. That being said, she still wants to do good and help people, but she often has her own motives for doing that.<br/><br/>All the cast members pull off their roles at an exceeding level - I was mesmerized by David Tennant's chilling performance, Krysten Ritter's nearly perfect portrayal of a broken human being who tries to cope using all means necessary, and also with Eka Darville's performance and transformation during the season. The other cast members are good as well. <br/><br/>What I do miss about this show is that for the first two or three episodes, it was kind of hard to grasp what was going on, since the plot isn't your usual superhero-trope. At some points I would've liked to get to know more about Jessica's history early on. But, this didn't matter so much since the cinematography, soundtrack and script are awesome. The person responsible for the music should (and probably, hopefully will) be awarded. <br/><br/>All in all, I got really hooked to this and as stated before, I pretty much marathon-watched it in one day. It is really refreshing to see the grittier side of superhero business, and this show is clearly targeted for adults, which is also nice. I hope they make another season. Let me start out by saying that I am not at all familiar with the comic. I knew pretty much nothing about Jessica Jones going into watching the first episode. Overall, I am greatly impressed though. <br/><br/>It's true that the show isn't your typical superhero flick or TV show. There are no capes, no colorful costumes, no over-the-top given circumstances (to a degree). But that's what makes this show something special. Fans of the Dark Knight movie series might enjoy this show's grittiness and overall dark tone. It reads more as a mystery/thriller.<br/><br/>I have two beefs against this show that prevent me from giving it a solid 10. I thought the pacing at the beginning of the show was really slow. It took a good 5-7 episodes for me to really feel invested in what was going on. Part of the problem (and my second beef) was the lack of exposition. Because I'm not familiar with the comic, there were some backstory elements that were really foreign to me -- and that really weren't explained all that well in the script. I finished the first season and still don't fully understand some of the basics about the main character. <br/><br/>The show starts off as kind of slow but then picks up around midway into the season. If you can wait that long, and I really think you should, then the show is worth a watch. Season 1 was fantastic and refreshing.<br/><br/>Season 2 is a dull bore. I realized maybe the only character i liked was Killgrave. SEASON ONE:<br/><br/>Who the heck is Jessica Jones? I asked not knowing that I was before her time.<br/><br/>Luke Cage didn't make the biggest of showings in Civil War and...that was more of a Stark/Cap thing and...I didn't remember her from Heroes for Hire...and she seems like she would be a part of that and...<br/><br/>Who cares, they did it right.<br/><br/>I just reviewed Supergirl and sort of made a big deal about how they failed to make a female super hero anything but, well, a super powered version of Bettie and Veronica.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones ignores all of that. She is the hottie that could kick your butt across the room, she makes Arrow sort of look like a momma's boy.<br/><br/>This is made doubly awesome by how much of a wimp the big bad is in comparison. If he didn't have his power there is no way he'd stand a chance against her.<br/><br/>Sophisticated super power versus old school tough. She has a power of her own...but seems like the kind of woman what really doesn't need it to get by.<br/><br/>And it works, because Netflix is giving us the MCU close to the streets...and that is just too cool for school.<br/><br/>SEASON TWO<br/><br/>So, I gave Season 1 10 stars because it was awesome. I'm giving season 2 a single star because, well, it was horrible. So I'm lowering it to a 5 over all...and not watching on if it goes to a 3rd season.<br/><br/>The difference between the two seasons is staggering.<br/><br/>Season 1 had a brilliant contrast between a wimp villain that dresses like a dandy and packs a truly ominous and sleazy super power...and a grungy tough as nails hero that could clearly take him in real life if neither of them had powers.<br/><br/>It was fantastic, and the story that wrapped around the two characters was amazing, compelling, and fun.<br/><br/>Season 2 is the exact opposite. It was almost like they had forgotten that they were telling stories in it.<br/><br/>They forgot that the hero is defined by the villain, by the threat the villain poses, and the struggles they have to overcome to be victorious. And this villain stinks.<br/><br/>Without a great villain (preferably one that so brilliantly contrasts the hero) the hero doesn't seem as heroic. And when, as in season 2, the focus stops being on the story, the struggle, the drama, the characters, and starts being nothing more than a signal for political virtue...well, you aren't telling a story at all at that point.<br/><br/>And Season 2 wasn't even trying to tell a story. It certainly had something to say. It loudly proclaimed that it had politics and you should agree with its politics...but that isn't a story, that is a statement.<br/><br/>Agree with the politics or not, that is just a statement and not a story.<br/><br/>So, season 1 had a great story and great characters...and season 2 stated the political leanings of the creators and totally forgot that it was supposed to tell a compelling story.<br/><br/>CONCLUSION<br/><br/>In all honesty, you really should watch Season One, it is fantastic it is compelling, it is fun. Season One is a great story with great characters.<br/><br/>Season Two you can pass on, safe and comfortable with the knoweldge that you aren't missing anything and the story essentially stops at the end of season 1. I love this show and I am a devoted fan for life -I hope it will be a long, long run. Jessica is so tough, sexy, dynamic and engaging! In summary,the shows creators were given a rich complicated lead character dealing with problems of P.T.S.D., alcoholism, past sexual abuse and being orphaned all the while maintaining feminist ideology and an ability to change her community with SUPER POWERS. There is a villain with the ability to wreak immeasurable havoc through a cocktail of MIND-CONTROL and PSYCHOPATHY. There is a dark, corrupt city already outlined in Daredevil. They is Doctor Who, Trinity, Jane from Breaking Bad as well as Lester F. from The Wire, Clarke Peters, a very talented actor. This is a BASES LOADED HOME RUN!!! Okay, this show got me addicted since the first episode, seriously I wasn't expecting to get so attached to a broken character as Jessica Jones. She is so "normal", arrogant and dark, seriously, I loved get to know Jessica, Trish and Luke and David Tennant was the perfect Kilgrave, one of my favorite villains of all series or movies, without any doubt.<br/><br/>I can't see the plot for the second season, but I'm hopping it will be as awesome as the first season was, with amazing villains and that test Jessica's limits, and more scenes with Trish being a bad ass! <br/><br/>Once again Netflix proved that can create amazing shows and that crossover between Jessica and Claire, from Daredevil.....I'm hopping to see Jessica and Daredevil team up, oh they would be fantastic as hell! The series starts out good, really, really good. You have a guy who can control others via his mind and you have a hero who has super strength and has been used and raped by the mind controller. Her strength is just useless against him. Even worse, he uses her strength for his own goals. <br/><br/>Later on she can free herself and tries to get revenge. <br/><br/>This is a great intro if I have ever seen one. Sadly, it all goes downhill from there. There are so many great ingredients which are wasted. <br/><br/>1. The actress Krysten Ritter: I hope that Krysten never reads this, but I have to say, she is not very good in this role. You never see the alcoholism or the problems that come with it. Her emotional range is just very, very narrow. Even Rachael Taylor does a better job and this should say something. She never feels like a character with super strength, let alone as someone who has problems with alcohol.<br/><br/>2. the other characters: Luke Cage does not have any emotional binding and chemistry with Jessica. Will Simpson - why is this guy in the show actually? Trishs mother - a character that could have brought so much, but does so little Killgraves parents - another waste of potentially interesting characters I could go on, but you should see for yourself. Plus I am too lazy :)<br/><br/>3. the story Even though the predicament of Jessica is really good, the writing is really bad. Killgrave does make so many mistakes, this show should have ended after Episode 3. But letting him get away episode after episode after episode makes this series feel very bloated. They should have either shortened the story or put in filler episodes where we get to learn more about the characters and their every day life, perhaps 2-3 freaks of the week that Jessica needs to deal with. <br/><br/>Why still 6 points? It is still OK to watch. And David Tennant is absolutely awesome and believable in his role. His humor is funny (even though sadistic, but hey, its TV), his outbursts feel real. Till episode 6 the show is even good. But after that the writers lack direction. <br/><br/>Watch it if you must, it is still entertaining, but if you are not into Marvel, you can skip this. Daredevil is leagues above this series. The copy and paste of the character Faith from the show "Buffy" is already a sin. The actress is only playing one tone of emotion : tormented. Every. Single. Frame. So, the more i watch episode of JJ, the more i feel depressed, for every dumb choice the character make, for every secondary secondary plot that we got force-feed about her lawyer who is not pleasant enough to make us care about. Too long, and the scenery is so poorly wrote... i start laughing so many times for incoherence (what can knock off JJ ?) or even for my first "stroller ex-machina" when a pursuit is stopped because of 3 stroller blocking one of 3 passages for the hero... Not mentioning every single dumb choice every character seems to make all the time. At least, Kilgrave looks to have fun. He really looks/act like a psychopath and it's great... until they force-feed us again with background story. Transforming a bad-ass persona into a whiny boy. Good job. Jessica Jones starts out very, very promising but sadly becomes a writing exercise in story padding so pedestrian Jessica Jones herself would be unable to sit through it without blasting it with snarky sarcastic comments.<br/><br/>Let's start with what's good about this series. The main cast members are really great in their roles, Krysten Ritter, Mike Colter, David Tennant, Rachael Taylor, Carrie-Anne Moss and Eka Darville all deserve the chance to continue brining these characters to life for a second season the rest of the cast we could do with out, literally, they only serve to slow things down and drag things out to fill up a 13 episodes order. Which, sadly only need to be about 8-9 episodes to get the important stuff.<br/><br/>The major issue with this series is that it could have been about 2 to 3 episodes shorter if all the arguing between characters was paired down. More screen time is wasted on characters arguing with Jessica about wanting to "help" than anything else. While this wouldn't be a problem if the cast of background and supporting characters was smaller OR if it was a weekly episodic, it's impossible to ignore watching back to back, becomes tedious and annoying very quickly. Many of the characters only seem to exist to prolong the story rather than working/moving it forward to resolve it.<br/><br/>The second major issue and it's a serious miss step many TV series fall into is lack of hook per episode. Mid way through the series the writing staff seems to have completely given up trying to "make" you want to watch the next episode and just assume you will. On Netflix that may work, but had this run on a network TV channel, I doubt Jessica Jones would have even finished it's first season before viewers abandon it like rats from a sinking ship forcing the network to pull the plug.<br/><br/>What the series does well, Jessica Jones and Luke Cage, the building of their complex relationship. Kilgrave and Jessica Jones, the main thing that's going on in the whole story and the amount of screen time these 2 share is even less than Jones and Luke. Sadly, what's good and what I wanted to actually see it's all too brief. The writers clearly choose to waste far to much time on everything except those to major story arcs. Yes, the whole story is about Jones tracking down Kilgrave, and while it is very much the backbone of the story, these two mostly go back and forth with phone calls, playing cat and mouse and text messages rather than actually being on screen, face to face. Nope, instead let's just chewing up screen time with things like Simpson and Trish Walker, victims of Kilgrave support groups and the lesbian divorce BS and anything not Jessica, Luke or Kilgrave. All the other nonsense only serve as monkey wrenches to the story being resolved, rather than actually develop the supporting characters with the exception of Carrie-Anne Moss's character, Jeryn Hogarth and Malcolm played by Eka Darville. The character of Simpson literally only serves to slowing down scenes, episodes and the overall story, nothing else also it's worth noting, however unclear, if Travel is just vastly out of his depth as an actor surrounded by far more talented people or if the character really is just so poorly written he comes off paper thin, lame and totally unbelievable.. either way, I must say, it's interesting to see a normal human character be the least believe character in a show about a super powered woman. Porn stars are 1000 time more convincing than Will Travel performance as an ex military guy now NYC Cop easily one of the top 5, if not the single worst performance in Jessica Jones season one.<br/><br/>Not the worst first season I've watched lately nor the best. The series has promise and I'd like to see more of Krysten Ritter's Jessica Jones IF they can get better writers, stop wasting time developing character that ultimately don't matter and only serve to slow the story down oh and it needs MORE ACTION! If Jessica Jones is any indication of what the upcoming Luke Cage and Misty Knight series will be like, this whole Netflix/Marvel thing might be in big trouble well at least there's still Daredevil.<br/><br/>All and all , it's better than Supergirl, which really isn't saying much. A bitter-sweet goodbye. This review is overdue because to write it meant I finally had to say goodbye to the JESSICA JONES created under the Netflix's banner. I have really enjoyed this series. The writing has been sharp, self-depreciating and grimly humorous, like it's protagonist. Krysten Ritter has brilliantly inhabited this character. The first season of JESSICA JONES was my second favourite Netflix produced Marvel TV series (DAREDEVIL, season one was my #1). Unlike DAREDEVIL and his team, JESSICA JONES' outlook on life is not optimistic. She battles internal as well as external demons. Season One and Season Two are very different from one another, so brace yourself, the former is about finding a team/family, the latter is about the dissolution of family/team, and, perhaps, a redefining of family. The acting is good. (David Tennent is getting too good at playing the villian). The dramatic tension in both stories is palpable. The third season was more about what heroism is (or does) than it is about a fight against villainy. As is always true with the series, the struggle is real and the lines hard to define. Even though this season had a slow start (it must have been hard to reset after Killgrave) all the avenues were explored. Great writing, great plot, characters in whom you can invest, a bitter-sweet finale to a series I truly enjoyed. I give this season a 9 (superb) out of 10, but I give the whole series a 10 (the best) out of 10. {Superheroine} So much wrong. No plot to speak of. Hackneyed, unbelievable situations and dialogue. A wig that survives all manner of extreme wall-smashing combat and a 10-story fall. Glamour Jessica with never-smudge make-up. Enough whipsawing "I-love-you-I-hate-you"s to give a viewer emotional whiplash. I gave it every chance I could but when one character was choking another, and our Jessica yells, "You're choking her!", that was when it all just fell apart. I half expected the other actors to roll their eyes at her. An epiphany of awfulness. And I will not dignify the ferris wheel scene with a comment. Enough. I give the actors credit: they gave everything and did what they could with a dreadful script. I would love to see a professionally written and directed Season 3 to set things right, but I don't have faith. Too bad. Season 1 was an epiphany of extraordinariness. The best season 3 could probably hope for is mediocrity. I really enjoyed the first season, and the first couple of episodes of season 2 were very promising as well.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is one of my favourite Marvel characters, and in my opinion, she is perfectly portrayed by Krysten Ritter. She's just perfect for the role.
Which is why I was extremely dismayed and disappointed by the lackluster effort the writers put into season 2. Because let's be honest here: season 2 sux big time. The introduction of Jessica's long-lost mother was the last straw that ruined the show for me. Well, the 2nd season at least.
Bringing back Jessica's supposedly dead mother is not a no-go per se, better writers, better directors could have certainly done a good job with that storyline, I imagine. But this? No, just no. What were they thinking?? <br/><br/>Moreover, the whole storyline with the lawyer and the PI was unnecessary, like a whole, independent plotline that had almost no overlap with the main plot for most of the season.
If they wanted to keep the lawyer as a character in the show, they should have done a better job of including her into the show's main plot. I always welcome LGBTQ+ characters in TV and film, so I would be amongst the first to find it, well, let's say questionable, to suddenly get rid of a gay character. But here? The writers, directors, whoever, obviously were quite desperate to keep the strong, successful, female, lesbian lawyer in the show, but ran totally out of ideas on how to actually include her in the story. This is laughable. Embarrassing, really. If this is all that they could come up with for her, then maybe they should have better written her out of season 2! <br/><br/>Season 2 -- what an enormous let-down.<br/><br/>Overall rating is rounded up to seven, because season 1 was absolutely awesome. All actors do a great job throughout the whole show, season 2 included. Looking forward to season 3, hopefully the writers come up with some better ideas then. Jessica Jones is a great character. Season 1 is fantastic. Watch it now. Season 2 is very well acted and there are some superb MeToo references in here that made me grin all the way. But the season falls into that trap so many series fall into: it thinks it needs to become more extreme. <br/><br/>This is what goes wrong; the plot becomes so extreme that the characters start to do things that goes against their character. No spoilers here of course, but a fair warning; you'll be utterly surprised by their actions. And won't like or understand them. <br/><br/>You'll see apples do things that apples really never do. Sorry to burst the bubble. The finale does safe some of it thankfully. And I will remain a fan and give future seasons a definite go. The acting is still great, the characters too... they just screwed up the plot. Big time unfortunately for season 2. If I had an acquaintance who was as sullen, self-absorbed, drunken, unpleasant and boorish as Jessica, I'd go to great lengths to stay away. But in a series like this one, there's always the chance - and yes, the expectation - that the lead character can change. But she doesn't. She ends up with perhaps a glacially small improvement in her character, but for the most part she's an immovable object of unlikeablility.<br/><br/>And that's not to say that she's the only unpleasant character in this show. Each and every one of them is self-absorbed and basically a horrible human being. There is NO ONE in this show that I want to care about on any level, until the guy with the "LOVE INTEREST" neon sign blinking around his neck has an immediate change of heart after one of the most contrived moments in recent memory. Then he's at least not a jerk. <br/><br/>But paradoxically, there's essentially no "bad guy" in the whole series. Anyone who might be thought of as a straight up antagonist is never really given the chance to antagonize. The idea of "hey we're all messed up and maybe if we don't screw up we can realize that everybody is human" turns out to be really, really boring. Even the awful bigoted cop just ends up dying horribly so we're left with a big question mark there too. The dudebro PI who snipers Jessica's office is just trying to get revenge for his pal. Trish Walker's mom is perhaps the most horrible person in the series, but even she we are meant to somehow sympathize with, I think.<br/><br/>Add to all this the fact there was no interesting action. Yes even though apparently we're supposed to be too sophisticated for that sort of thing, it IS what I look for in a Superhero program. At least a little. But other than a few people getting punched here and there, every opportunity they built up to have action just DIDN'T. <br/><br/>Well, the long and short of it is that I felt at the end as though I'd been forced to live with an awful roommate for a week, and never want to see her or her damaged friends ever again. This show was an ordeal, and not in a good way. "MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS" Full disclosure i know nothing about the comic books. Generally good acting, nothing noteworthy or groundbreaking about the writing, slow paced at times and some secondary characters are just annoying mainly because these characters seem to have just 1 major trait to their personality which seems to be what they are 90% of the time, the good guy is good no matter what and the bad guy is jackass to everybody as well like a preprogrammed machined meant to do just one thing. A lot of fights scenes are more frustrating than thrilling for some1 whos gift is super-strengh it does seem like she isn't for half of the fights this becomes increasingly frustrating for the viewer on the last couple of episodes. Also killgrave seems awfully good at manipulating people even without using his power which doesn't make much sense considering hes never had to actually try to convince any1 of anything The last Fight Scene: makes no sense whatsoever why she would pretend to be under his mind control again when she could've just taken 4 more steps and killed him then and there, instead she chose to pretend and see how he manipulates her sister and forces her to kiss him(he could've done much much worse than that) which wouldn't have happened at all if she had just killed him and gotten over with it not a good thing for me that the show ends up on such a low point PS: the layer(i forget her name) letting killgrave escape for a "shark" successful lawyer to believe that she can use a mindcontroling psychopath for her own benefit is beyond moronic and not on touch with what her character is supposed to be which is mainly very intelligent and good and manipulating people In the Netflix series "Marvel's Jessica Jones" is a fantastic and brilliant series. It is about a woman named Jessica Jones working as a personal investigator. When Jones was a teen her family got into a brutal car crash that killed her parents and her little brother. After the car crash Jones was adopted. While dealing with the drama between her new sister (Trish) and mom she found out that she had certain abilities that made her stronger than the average teen. When Jones got older she tried to become a person that used her abilities for good. One day when she was doing good a man named Kilgrave seen her. Kilgrave, unfortunately, had abilities too but his was mind control. He could get people to do what he wanted. Kilgrave wasn't the she superhero he was more of the super villain that fell in love with a hero (Jones). After all the bad he made Jones do she eventually go immune to his commands and felt it was her job to take him out but only with the help of friends and loved ones, like Luke Cage and Trish.<br/><br/>I love this show because it has a wonderful story line and it is full of drama. The story line was great because it like you never lost interest and you always want to know more. Also, because it wasn't just your typical Marvel movie. It was like a story about a regular person that just happen to get certain abilities because they were used as an experiment that went bad but in a way good. Jones doesn't even want to be known as a hero. In fact, she is the total opposite. She is always drunk, never shows her feelings towards anyone, and lives in a crappy house that don't even have a proper door on it.<br/><br/>The drama of the show is what also makes it worth looking at. It's a big love triangle. Jones loves Trish and all her neighbors that she eventually becomes close to. But instead of saying it she treats them the worst and protecting them is the way she shows her love. She also meets a man named Luke Cage which was a one night stand but it turned out to be the last person she killed husband and the only man she could see a future with. Then there was Kilgrave. Kilgrave loved Jones so much that he didn't want to control her he wanted Jones to love him on her own. The only thing is that he went about it the wrong way. He tried to force her to love him by killing others. <br/><br/>With this great story line and endless drama Netflix series "Marvel's Jessica Jones" is a wonderful and brilliant show to see. After watching season 1 and 2 of Daredevil I didn't think anything could beat the action packed vigilante show. The first season of DD was definitely off to a slow start but then slowly picked up pace, and had a nice finish for season 2. So I decided to watch Jessica Jones since I was dying for a season 3 of DD. I watched the first episode and I was actually pretty impressed. Im a huge marvel fan, I didn't know much about JJ, the only thing i did know was that she had super strength and that she was the wife of Luke Cage. After watching the 1st episode I was attached to the show, I finished the whole season in a week. Holy Sh*t it was amazing. There was so much action and I was so attached to the charters, the acting is amazing, I'd recommend this show to anyone who loves marvel. I think there was just something about the way the show was written that made it so great. This is definitely one of those (late night fridays after a hard week of work) shows to watch. As a non-Marvel fan, I caught the first episode at a friend's house and decided to finish the season on my own. Surprisingly, I found myself hooked and looking forward to each episode.<br/><br/>I do enjoy a good sci-fi based program if there's more non-sci-fi elements within it, which is probably why I've always been drawn to The Twilight Zone. A storyline is more compelling and creepy when it's grounded in reality (like Contact) than fantasy movies (like Avatar). When everything is too unreal, nothing is real. Which is fine if that's what you're going for.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter plays Jessica Jones. You may remember her from Don't Trust the B in Apt 23. I had watched a few episodes of that when it was new, but it seemed to jump the shark pretty early into the season. However, I did think Ritter's dry humor and unconventional good looks made her perfect for the role.<br/><br/>However, not so much for Jessica Jones. While she nails the look and feel of the jaded superhero with her mournful big eyes and acerbic delivery, she lacks a real feeling of depth, especially in comparison to Carrie-Ann Moss (Jeri Hogarth) and David Tennant (Kilgrave). Even Rosario Dawson, who only has a handful of lines in one episode, wipes the floor with her. With Ritter's wiry frame in her standard faded jeans, tank top, motorcycle jacket and combat boots, tossing back bottles of bourbon like water, residing in a dumpy New York City apartment, her persona is more caricature than sympathetic character. However, this being Marvel, that was probably done by design.<br/><br/>The villain of this story is Kilgrave, who can control people with his mind. Being a villain, he must be British. And he's bloody well scary. Shut up. Go over there. Put the bullet in your head. His victims cannot help but carry out all of his orders, which makes watching each scene so very tense because you don't know who's under his control at any given time. He is very dangerous for humanity, which Jessica would know, having been under his spell before breaking free of him. Although she presumed him dead, she was wrong, which is why she must kill him before he creates more havoc.<br/><br/>The story is interesting and fast paced enough to hook you after the second episode, and while it does contain some unnecessary lesbian undertones (unnecessary because it does nothing to forward the plot and seems only there for show), a solid series worthy of binge-watching. In a world where super hero products are either a failure, or on the flip side, gather universal acclaim; I was very surprised to see the polarising ratings of "Jessica Jones". <br/><br/>The story only dives deeper into sensitive issues such as rape, substance abuse, PTSD, bulimia and the morales of "Right and Wrong". You could be excused for thinking that "Jessica Jones" is one of the heaviest and most issue sensitive super hero TV shows, rather; "Jessica Jones" is one of the heaviest and most issue sensitive TV shows period.<br/><br/>However, saying that "Jessica Jones" handles these delicate issues gracefully and aptly, would certainly be a misjudgement. In fact the very thing which "Jessica Jones" so dearly needs is subtlety. Much like the lead character, the writing is blunt, and often falls short in attempting to produce a 13 chapter, non-episodic, narrative. <br/><br/>This attempt at a focused and continuous plot certainly has its benefits, especially throughout episodes 7-10 which are continuously building on Killgrave's narrative and are easily the best part of the series. Other advantages to the non-episodic nature of the show is that many characters who are introduced in the early episodes go on to play important roles as the story comes to a climax. Unlike other superhero TV shows very few characters are introduced and killed of/cut out of the picture within an episode, nearly all of the cast is here to stay this time around.<br/><br/>The short-comings of the continuous narrative become very apparent as soon as episode 11 begins. In a continuous narrative it is very rare to spend an episode away from the main plot to focus on a side plot this close to the finale. Not only is wrapping up of Wilson's character messy, poorly written, and unsatisfying it is also poorly placed in the grand scheme of the plot. The anti penultimate episode of a psychological thriller should be building up to the final confrontation with the villain as well as the finale of the entire show. This is not an episode to used wrapping up loose ends in a side story which the viewer cares so little about especially when the previous 4 episodes have been building up on top of each other. Perhaps this episode would be less offensive if it took place in a "freak-of-the-week" sort of linear, episodic plot, but it doesn't and the resulting episode give the episode a sour and out of place taste. <br/><br/>It's clear to see once you get beyond the blotchy pacing of this series that underneath there is merit to be found here. The acting is certainly to be praised here. No matter how out of place Krysten Ritter's super strength seems in a psychological thriller, it's her acting that sustains the tone of the show without falling into absurdity. Of course however it is David Tennant's character who carries the show and keeps you intrigued even when the plot begins to drag. His character's complexities make you interested in him even when he isn't on screen. <br/><br/>Over all "Jessica Jones" the TV show and Jessica Jones the character mirror each other in several ways. Both are blunt, dirty, gritty, confident and unapologetic. They both delve into issues with confidence and understand what they want to be. They are both messy and aren't ashamed of people knowing that. Unfortunately Jessica Jones' unsettling and ungraceful character who is drunk and disjointed at 2pm is also mirrored sometimes in the shows dodgy writing and pacing. I wanted to like this show. I had really high hopes for this show after watching the first season of Daredevil. Jessica Jones is nothing but a bad cheesy soap opera. I will say this, before this show I had no idea who Jessica Jones was. I had to look her up and do some research on her. We are getting to the point where they are green lighting every superhero to either have their own film or television show. When you start digging deep for new heroes to bring to the screen that is when you start to get into trouble. This show dragged. It played out like a bad soap opera. Jones would get depressed about her current situation, mix it with her past and drink, then sleep with someone, and then drink again. The entire first season you waited for something to happen, but it never did. I don't think Kristen Ritter is a bad actress; she just had nothing really to work with here. The stories were flat and dull. Jessica Jones would have been better served in a Defenders Television show where she was not the constant main focus where others would step forward and help carry her. David Tennant who played the villain Kilgrave or The Purple Man was the only breath of fresh air in this series. I wanted more focus on him, but the show was called Jessica Jones not Kilgrave. Skip this and watch Daredevil instead where all the characters are exciting and stories are intriguing. Jessica Jones is 5 out of 10 at best. Watch only if you are bored or need a cure for insomnia. Jessica Jones is one of those TV series that will get your hopes up by introducing you to a compelling story and a seemingly interesting female main character on a marvel world. However it doesn't really add much more than that as you keep on watching it.<br/><br/>First of the way this picture is filmed is quite slow and dull. I'd even say the first couple of episodes are boring. It sure gets a little bit more interesting as you get to the end of it but it just doesn't drive you there the way it should. There is clearly a lack of emotion passed onto you in those moments where you feel like clenching your fists. Yes, this is an angry person's story, a sad one, even a bit depressing and you just don't get the right feeling from the whole acting that's presented to you. And boy let's not get started on some dialogues... Truthfully the only character that actually makes you "feel" something is Kilgrave. David Tennant was brilliant in his performance of this sociopath. Amazing.<br/><br/>The scenery even though quite repetitive does feel dark and unsettling which is just what it should be.<br/><br/>All in all, this was quite a disappointing TV show due to its flaws in the acting, writing & character dialogue and its obvious lack of emotion. It's still worth the watch for its story but if you're looking for truly compelling episodes matching the quality of the original story, sorry to disappoint but you won't find it here. I have just finished watching Marvel's Jessica Jones series, and overall I would say it is a pretty good series. I personally found Netflix's Daredevil series better rounded, but that is just my opinion. Jessica Jones is the ultimate female bad-ass which is an element that has been notably lacking from the superhero world of late. Jessica is an alcoholic, butt kicking anti-hero who is extremely intriguing to watch. One of the best things about the show is her unpredictability (which often gets her in a lot of trouble).<br/><br/>All of the actors in the series are absolutely superb and over the course of the show, the audience becomes very connected to each character. However, the antagonist: Kilgrave (portrayed by David Tennant) is phenomenal. Tennant's performance is truly amazing and made the series incredibly interesting. Kilgrave himself was a very peculiar character as you never knew whether he was in a cat and mouse game with Jessica to test her, or because he did in his own sadistic way love Jessica. <br/><br/>The show's writing is clever and witty and plays off very well with the cast that have been selected. It seems the story had been thought through clearly and as a result was excellently presented. <br/><br/>Towards the end of the series it felt like the substance was stretching and for me the final confrontation between Jessica and Kilgrave was a little bit anti climatic. Other than this, Jessica Jones is an absolutely fantastic series and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves gritty, unpredictable and refreshingly TV. This is my first ever review here so ill make it sweet and short!<br/><br/>First off the casting is perfection ! Kristen Ritter is the perfect woman to play this role, dark, sexy, sarcastic, and able to play the damaged tough broken woman really well. I don't know much about this Comic character, but that's the beauty of discovering it as the episodes swim along. The pilot was, and i say this as a New Yorker, a perfect representation of New York, Gothic, dark and stylish in its own way. The story set up a villain (unseen yet) that seems quite powerful and a hero, or anti hero, that's both vulnerable and relatable ...something screen writers forget when they write their heroes (hint batman, thor, ironman) but this flawed character seems like she's battling her own inner issues, while trying to make a living. Again, this is only the pilot, but i really look forward this weekend to watching more of JESSICA JONES. ..<br/><br/>I hate comparisons, but in this cinematic male dominated universe, i have to do this. We really ...really.. needed a female super hero and i think MARVEL finally found her, and though this is just the beginning, i can see that not since Buffy (totally different type of hero of character- but still similar), has a female hero been so well written. (Sorry Supergirl). <br/><br/>Pilot -A Listen JESSICA JONES IS MUST WATCH!!!<br/><br/>I am a pro DC man and have grown up loving comics in the mid 80's and coming back to them from time to time through the decades as I get older. I enjoy Marvel a lot and most of their movies have been good to very good with a few true gems. I am not a huge fan of ANY SUPERHERO show on TV. <br/><br/>SMALLVILLE was the only 1 that really caught my interest.<br/><br/>JESSICA JONES IS AMAZING!!!<br/><br/>I went in with just a small comic book knowledge on some of her past from the Civil War, Secret Invasion era of comics. Not whatever countless Marvel reboots in the last few years.<br/><br/>I was NEVER a fan of the lead actress KRYSTEN RITTER and she blew me away!!!<br/><br/>I was hooked after the 2nd episode and as the show and many story lines evolved I found myself going WTF many many times..as I did with 24 (The best TV show of all time ) and Game of Thrones very often.<br/><br/>I loved the many twists and crazy things that accrued that effected the story and characters time after time.<br/><br/>I was on the edge of my seat many times watching these 13 shows over 2 days with a very good friend and his reaction was the same as mine.<br/><br/>UTTER JOY and DELIGHT!!! I really enjoy the gritty Marvel on Netflix. The blood the grittiness and violence with adult language and my god....sex scenes!!!! Crazy!!<br/><br/>The casting of Luke CAGE was magnificent and he was very well done. KILGRAVE is the best MARVEL bad guy I have seen so far.<br/><br/>I think if you go in as many have with no idea what this is you will be shocked and love it.<br/><br/>9/10 <br/><br/>Now onto DAREDEVIL season one.<br/><br/>Seriously this is so good it feels like a DC property.<br/><br/>Watch and enjoy. I think there is a limit and perfection this is not. It seems to me that inspiration has been drawn from several other cable show as far ranged ad Dexter (incidental music and gotta love a bad guy motif), Gotham (not sure right now just a feeling), fringe (i just like saying the name but also it has something comedy related with the a certain charterer), and lets stop that list and rant some more. While putting all the best of many cable shows together into a wonderful montage of thrilling and captivating entertainment I still feel some core aspect is missing. Possibly the disappearing up its own donkey that happened in Buffy but i am only on show 6... give it time. who if anyone reads this shtuff anyhow just enjoy the show its not a 10 tho. cannot allow that.. its darn close! Saturday night 28 November 2015<br/><br/>Before a few days ago, I had never heard of "Jessica Jones" and I was not familiar with cute actress, Krysten Ritter until this action t.v series except that I had seen her once in the movie "She's out of My League" with pretty actress Alice Eve in 2010.<br/><br/>Being a man, I must admit that I like this show a lot more than "Super Girl". Jessica Jones is a person we can relate to in real life. She is the female version of Will Smith's "Hancock". She has problems like a normal human being. <br/><br/>I like the fact that she can take care of herself and not just play the beaten up and rape victim like all the female characters on the Life Time channel. No man is going to get into this girl's panties unless she really wants him to. In a season #1, Episode #3 titled "It's called Whiskey, I like the fact that when the male cop tries to kill Rachael Taylor's character "Trish" she does play the roll over victim, she fights back. Jessica and Trish both a pretty women who can take care of themselves.<br/><br/>I also like that she is Not what someone would expect in a female super hero. She is cute like actress Calista Flockhart and also very skinny and flat which goes against the usual types of gorgeous hot sexy body actresses like Jennifer Anniston, Jennifer Lopez, Halle Berry, Megan Good, Gal Gadot and Kat Dennings to name a few and that is what makes this girl stand out and Krysten is good in this role. <br/><br/>One of the things I really love about this show is that there is an Interracial romance between Jessica and the Luke Cage character and their sex scenes are really hot and passionate. They make a great super couple.<br/><br/>I hope that the show's writers and producers keep the romance between Jessica and Luke going for many more episodes. Interracial men and women romances are beautiful regardless of Black & White, White & Asian, Black & Hispanic or Middle Eastern because loving someone of your own race and skin color is easy, but to love outside of one's own race takes extra special effort to say that true love sees No skin color and that is the way it is in real life and should be that way on t.v and in movies. <br/><br/>I give "Jessica Jones" two thumbs up. Yes ma'am, I'm a fan. Everyone did the best they could. The performances are great and every actor here is in their best shape. The pilot episode is one of my favorites, even though it had no action.. I understand SOME of the negative reviews. What I cant accept is saying the acting is bad, cuz clearly it is captivating. <br/><br/>Yes, it would be good to see the raw action Daredevil has and Jessica Jones truly lacks, but there's enough of it, trust me. The 2 or 3 fight scenes at the last episodes seemed like a Tarantino movie.<br/><br/>All those idiots that rate it 2 or 3 clearly don't get it. Some said they couldn't feel sympathy for Jessica because she drinks and wears the same clothes everyday, really? Id like to see how would you be after 8 months of mental and physical abuse. Others said Jessica is not the female Daredevil and generally that the show is no Daredevil. Well, let me tell you. I think thats what the makers aimed for.. I mean, Daredevil is great but its a whole other show. If you expected the kickass scenes from Daredevil, you're a moron.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is not a superhero, shes not even close to being a vigilante.. Shes a private eye, not much fighting in that area.. And if you've read the amazing Alias, my favorite comic series, then you know that she didn't usually fight people. Shes really strong and a punch is enough..<br/><br/>What I didn't like is the fact that every episode had to do with Kilgrave and it was tiring. Jessica had other business too in the comics.. I would also prefer more flashbacks and stuff from when she was happy, pro-Kilgrave, because those scenes were hilarious and they represented everything Jessica is about. I also have to mention, if you've read Alias first, then I suppose you know how good Krysten Ritter was, I mean every time she made a joke or screamed or was rude to someone, I felt that thats how I pictured it while reading the comic. Also, I loved Malcom, even though his part in Alias was different, and I liked him better as an addict, before he got clean. But one other thing about the comic is that we saw captain America and Ms. Marvel and Ant-Man and all the Avengers so the fact that they couldn't do such a thing in the show makes it less than the comic and its obvious, even though understandable.<br/><br/>So, is the show good? Its great. Daredevil was a little better though, so it deserves the 8.8 it currently has here, just a step from Daredevil. But if the show falls more, because it had a 9 rating at first, its not fair and it would not deserve it because of idiots that had no idea what they were about to get on November 20th. And even the negative reviewers gave it a 2, not 1, but 2! Only Kilgrave could make them rate it 1 because they know the show is better than they gave it. I enjoyed this series. One was a winner, two dipped a bit and 3 brought everything together and finished nicely. It was a satisfying conclusion to the series and the audience was left feeling content. Jessica's character was played very well and so was Trish's. The storyline throughout was well written although the second series was a bit of a let down after such a strong first season. The third season redeemed the show and was riveting watching. I love the PI solving crimes genre and the super powers did not detract from that but rather highlighted it. It is not light and breezy like other similar shows but rather darker with little comedy apart from the sardonic wit of Jessica herself. Maybe it is one you either love or hate, not sure! Not one for the kiddies or people who want light, airy fairy stuff, but it is to the taste of people who enjoy the serious and some depth in their viewing. The setting is sombre as well with not many bright colours used so may be a little depressing to some people who prefer comedies and colour on their screens. It is multi dimensional so allows for some thinking and reflection. If you agree with my description then it is one you will enjoy or at least be drawn to and watch all three series. Seems to have become a slow moving soap opera featuring Patricia. When did Jessica's superpowers become incidental. Where is the bad guy with super powers? It needs a brilliant antihero like Kilgrave. Loved season 1. Season 2 was a letdown but I watched it all. So far season 3 has not drawn me in. I don't know if I can get through the whole thing. "JESSICA JONES season 3" 6/10 ðŸŒ ðŸŒ ðŸŒ ðŸŒ ðŸŒ ðŸŒ 
The final season of Jessica Jones on Netflix was a series I was highly anticipating. Her laid back hard shell emotionless exterior was always an attribute I admired. This season for the most part held to that narrative but at times throughout each episode it seemed as though the writers ran out of reasons to justify her attitude. Needless to say if someone has a daily diet consisting of 2 bottles of hard liquor and a cheese burger they would probably walk around grumpy all day also. It also failed to deliver a sufficient adversary or villain. Yes there were a couple other characters who were allies and had special abilities but the special effects of them displaying the abilities was virtually non-existent except for the camera cutting from them being one place and popping up at another or seeing a character perform parkour tricks like a back flip off a wall I've seen people on YouTube doing just for fun. Outside of the few times Jessica was pushing or punching something with more strength than the average body builder nothing else really happens and sadly enough that was about the extent of anything that appeared to be super human. Maybe the budget lacked funding for more special FX but after viewing the entire series I feel as though Netflix won't be heartbroken over this series coming to it's conclusion. Seriously, me personally, i love this show, its in its third series and i am hoping for a few more. If you have come this far in watching it, it's to late to say about anything...krysten Ritter is a gem in the lead role, and probably one role away from being on the "a" list..hopefully Jessica can evolve with the rest of the marvel world.... Getting 1's and 5's from reviewers, who can't get it straight what this is about? It's the last of it's kind and not only serial, it's the whole franchise, that got to it's end, cause it's got the axe fom netflix. I liked this season the most of all three ... why, remains to myself. This series is so stupid that the stupidity has taken form with it. First season 10/10.
second season 1/10.<br/><br/>what the hell is going on with netflix? first of all, every single series that netflix makes is absolutely amazing IN THE FIRST SEASON ONLY. after that it turns into pure garbage! but in order to make people watch the rest, they invest in everything but the story. they force atmosphere with music, forcing the shows' vibes. <br/><br/>too GORY. too much PORN. netflix, why? there is so much unnecessary gore, and too much porn in your shows!!. this is pointless. it ruines everything for people that actually pay attention to things.... I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I started out watching this thinking "oh this will be pretty good." but as you watch each episode it becomes glaringly obvious to anyone with half a brain that the writers consistently make characters do STUPID things or miss downright OBVIOUS opportunities just to pad out the 13 episode length of the season. You have Jessica Jones who has these different powers, but they're conveniently forgotten when it becomes convenient for her to be in some trouble. You have the main villain who, while intriguing at first, a pre-teen would have figured out how to beat them. And yet they continuously get foiled and the show DRAGS ON. Hey kids, how do you beat a guy who can control your actions if you hear his voice? and the kids say, don't hear him! One stop at wal-mart or best buy for an ipod or noise cancelling headphones and bam, killgrave is dead. As a huge fan of daredevil, i was seriously let down by this show. Storytelling is juvenile at best. At worst, it's just insulting. Overall the story is intriguing enough to make someone continue watching. However, there are way too many sex scenes that are virtually indistinguishable from soft-core pornography. Jessica Jones as a character is boring, one-dimensional, and her monotone voice gets annoying after the first episode. Luke Cage is hardly in it, and when he does get some screen time, the director simply tells him to have sex with Jessica. Moss' Hogarth just seemed like a last ditch effort to create a lesbian, which is just about the only thing you can say when describing the extent of that character. Honestly, a waste of an actress of that caliber. Jessica's best friend Trish is probably the most interesting and likable character in the entire series. Whenever Jessica is around her, it feels like it is Jessica who is the sidekick, rather than the other way around. Trish is a real woman, which is in contrast to Jessica, who just feels like a angry teenager trying too hard to be "edgy." Besides the greatness of Trish, David Tennant's portrayal of Kilgrave is the only other redeeming factor of this series. He is honestly brilliant. Lastly, I must give an honorable mention to Malcolm, who is the only other empathetic character besides Trish.<br/><br/>Overall, this series was not better than Daredevil. That is all. This is a very dreary show. Have no idea why people rate it so highly unless their idea of watching something great is watching their laundry spin in the washing machine. Its a very formula show with the obligatory inter-racial couple, gay couple, etc. Story line is slow many times you just fast forward to get to something interesting, notice I did not say something good. By the 3rd episode I was bored to tears. Krysten Ritter, the lad actress, looks like a dirt bag in the show appearing to need a bath and really should be eating a bowl of spaghetti to get some weight on her. In my opinion, this series will not make it to a second season unless there are enough people who need to use the TV as a night-light. A waste of time. This show has an amazing feel to it, and I enjoyed watching it. However, there are too many nonsensical twists and turns in the plot, that it gets old really fast. Jessica Jones is established to be smart, and good at her job, but throughout the show, she makes lots of questionable, and sometimes incredibly dumb decisions. If the writers had stuck to the character(s) which they have established in the beginning of the series, this story could have ended in 6 episodes or less! Overall, the show is enjoyable, and the episodes are entertaining individually, but you have to keep in mind that Jessica Jones is as dumb as a brick. Good concept of a story, but very slow and boring. I though it would be better because many shows start off boring, then pick up. I have watched a few episodes and did not improve. I thought since it was from marvel it would be good, but the target was missed. Maybe different actors would have made the show better. I did not like David Tennant either. I loved him as the Doctor, but not in this show. I would like to know why they wanted him. From the way they make Kilgrave to be, I saw him as a sophisticated man with abilities. I do not see Tennant fit that role. I would think they would make Kilgrave old enough, but still youthful looking. From the reviews, I know I am not alone in thinking the show is boring. Shame on you Disney... For those who are expecting another Daredevil, you will be very disappointed. There are no impressive stunts, great effects or even that many fight scenes. While both Jessica Jones and Luke Cage have super-strength, you won't see it being used too often.<br/><br/>But if you think of it more as a separate series with loose ties to Daredevil, you might like it more. The writing is good, the acting is good (and I don't understand where the negative reviews saying it sucks are coming from). It has a very classic Neo-noir feel to it, from the Jazz-ish music and theme, to the environment itself.<br/><br/>That and a very diverse cast makes the show at the very least interesting. Some might say the gender-switch of Jerri Hogarth might be a bit pandering (originally the character was a man, and not a gay woman) but her character still comes off as a well rounded relatable character.<br/><br/>Overall this is a good show. Not amaze-balls like Daredevil, but not at all horrible either. Season one was well-done. Ratchet up the tension, showed Jessica's vulnerability, sometimes fun, sometimes sad, sometimes angry. Season 2 devolved into this ridiculous Othello thing where whenever something was about to happen that was positive, somebody did something monumentally stupid at just the right time. That's a plot device I don't expect to see
In a well-written drama, used over and over.<br/><br/>I couldn't keep watching. This show has been a blast to watch, I never read the comics this is based on but am always up for a good show. Season 1 was fantastic, really enjoyed it, I appreciate it when they have a villain who lasts the season, I like continuity in my shows.
I was disappointed in season 2, it was a muddied and rushed story to tell the audience about her mother, and some of her back story. Sad to say it falls flat.
Season 3 has been incredible so far, I'm halfway thru and just cant stop watching. This is the way to tell a story. the acting has been great, the story has been great. Very disappointed that they cancelled all the Marvel series. I think they were doing a great job on most of them. Sorry but her sarcasm and attitude makes this show so enjoyable. What I really love: she is strong, sarcastic, dark, nasty, rude. But she has a very strong personality down to the core. Yet she is weak, gentle, light, nice and polite. Well, when she wants. :) She suffers normal pain like everyone else, when she get beaten etc. And yes, she needs love. Of course.<br/><br/>Room to improve: she can start be a defender to her new family. And stop drinking that Jack Daniels floorwash. :-) Idiot plot is defined as: "a plot which is kept in motion solely by virtue of the fact that everybody involved is an idiot".<br/><br/>Season 1 was of Jessica was interesting, her character was fun to watch and the antagonist was interesting.<br/><br/>Season 2 let the ball drop big time! It seems as if the writers were relying so much on the franchise name that they figured "why even bother writing a good story?" The ways they moved the plot forward were insulting to the viewers' intelligence.<br/><br/>In this season:<br/><br/>Jessica Jones - Was a fool who endangered every person in NY's lives while her temper tantrum mother ripped apart anyone who looked at her the wrong way. And attempted to help the diabolical Dr. Karl escape because her mother had a Stockholm syndrome crush on him.<br/><br/>Trish Walker - This season transformed into an unlikable, one-dimensional, power-hungry sociopath.<br/><br/>Malcolm - Became some masochistic, beta male, lost puppy that followed Trish and Jessica around while they deride him (with one actually pointing a gun at him).<br/><br/>Jerri Hogarth - Remained selfish and egotistical (which is a good thing because it is consistent with last season), but she was a pervert, the female "Quagmire" if you will.<br/><br/>Alisa Jones - An annoying, mindless zombie that destroyed anyone and anything anytime she got a temper tantrum (like the incredible Hulk, just less believable). Also killed people, broke the law, and endangered her daughter so that she could escape only to decide she no longer wants to escape, after all that.<br/><br/>Other complaints: <br/><br/><ul><li>The Correctional Officers kept allowing Alisa Jones to get dangerously close... They don't even do that with regular inmates, yet they allowed a superhuman to come within inches of them... Which allowed her to kill one of them. They also used restraints on her that they knew she could break out of... It just doesn't make any sense. And one of the COs became so chummy with Alisa, that they allowed her to visit Jessica without supervision.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Jessica Jones should have been arrested for killing her mother and an investigation would be conducted. They won't just "let her go" because her mom was a bad guy.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Detective Costa didn't told the Swat Team to "lower their guns" on an armed person who they thought just committed murder?... get real!</li></ul><br/><br/>So as you can see, the 2nd Season was written with complete carelessness. I hope Marvel doesn't get too comfortable and stop trying. Writer seems more about pushing politics than store line. Seems to be going for a different crowed not true to marvel fans. What a let down. Jessica Jones may not be appealing to those expecting something similar to Daredevil, though I love this show's neo-noir inspired storytelling and its colour palette. It's more psychological than other superhero films or television shows and the protagonist is a PTSD-suffering woman who is a private-eye with her own run-down office which she's struggling to pay the rent for.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is a suburban neo-noir story that takes one of Marvel's underused characters and gives her some truly weighty stories, along the way introducing the characters like Killgrave and Luke Cage. Killgrave is a surprisingly potent villain and Luke Cage is the unexpected love interest of Jessica. And Luke and Jessica; they're a super-couple meant for each other.<br/><br/>The episodes may be a bit disturbing with its themes of unpredictable mind-control resulting in confronting things like a girl unwillingly killing her parents in an elevator, but it's a clever look into brainwashing and how its affects are never easily fixed in a single lifetime.<br/><br/>Overall, Jessica Jones is a show that delivers on its promise of showing some truly good neo-noir spectacle. First off I'd like to say that I'm a big fan on Netflix's initiative to create a universe within the TV-series genre. It's a bold move and I felt that id really paid off with Daredevil and partly on Luke cage, so I went to this show knowing nothing really about her character and her lore. Honestly, I just can't find a reason why I should like this show? It feels like a vanilla version of Daredevil but without the amazing stunt choreography and the compelling story. I have no interest in the characters or their journey. There wasn't really a single performance that kept my interest, they all seem so shallow and some even down right bothered me. The two main issues are definitely Krysten Ritter and David Tennant. Krysten just doesn't convince me. I think the show brings up some great themes like rape, being under someone's dominion and such, but the way it comes off and especially from her just makes her characters seems kind of whiny and not someone I enjoy spending time with and root for, like I did with Luke cage or Daredevil. David Tennant is in no way an intimidating antagonist. To me he just seems like a spoiled kid and that could have worked like Joeffrey from GoT but instead comes off like overacting. And while I wasn't particularly interested in Jones' story I was really not interested in all the side characters. I don't dwell into a super hero show with the intentions of following a discount "The Weeknd" and some other random characters having their own soap drama. I just felt like that was a complete waste of time and it didn't add anything to the story that I felt couldn't have been cut out. I don't mean to just bash the show but I must say I was bothered by it, the only reason I wanted to stick through it, is to prepare myself for "The Defenders" which I'm still looking forward to. I'm just disappointed that the show wasn't better, especially with the potential and the more gritty settings which I do really like about this "tv Marvel universe". It's a tricky thing to have made this show work, but I think it could have worked if they've had a more convincing actress portraying the role of Jessica Jones, and if they've utilized the antagonist more differently. In the end I just felt like the show felt like a 13 episode cat after the mouse and I just wanted something to actually happen. The first season of JJ came out of the door swinging hard. The lead was well cast, Jessica was edgy, Luke Cage as her love interest was amazing - two pumped up powerful people in bed, yeah that's fun. <br/><br/>Loved the cast, loved the plot, loved it all. Especially the mind controlling psycho stalker boyfriend. The plot just kept giving and giving. Literally could not watch this season fast enough and am now waiting in anticipation for the second. <br/><br/>I am hoping with all of my heart that they don't drop the ball and screw up the second series like they did with Daredevil. Keep it edgy and cool. We'll watch. x Out of the 4 Netflix series, Daredevil, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist weren't bad. But Jessica Jones was boring and crappy and is the absolute worst comic-book series ever produced. Jessica Jones was so boring and crappy that I almost stopped watching halfway through the pilot episode. But I thought it would only be fair to give Jessica Jones a chance by watching the entire pilot to see if it got better in the 2nd half of the pilot. But it didn't get better at all so I stopped watching after the pilot episode because watching paint dry would've been more interesting than watching Jessica Jones. I initially tried watching this show after it came out and was bored to tears by the 3rd episode where I began fast-forwarding it just to finish it and see if something actually happened by the end. After just finishing Luke Cage, I decided to try and give this show another shot and here I am, one episode in, wondering how on earth anyone can find it enjoyable and what on earth happened at Marvel that would allow this mess to air.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter tries way too hard to be the stoic, bad-ass, strong female character and it's embarrassing and painful to watch. Her acting is so flat and wooden that I cannot find anything compelling about her character to make me care about her or anything that happens to her. Her Lisbeth Salander wannabe DGAF attitude used to mask her inner turmoil is, while a compelling (albeit overused) trope, it's done with such listlessness in regards to writing and acting that it just reminds me of the angsty phase teenagers go through rather than a captivating plot device. It's truly a shame because her character really could have been something special. It's a combination of terrible, erratic writing, and bad acting from her that starts this show off on the wrong foot. David Tennant shines here and is honestly the only redeeming aspect of this show. He provides a great multidimensional character that is entertaining, compelling, and fun to watch. <br/><br/>The story could easily have been condensed into a movie and it shows by all the useless side characters crammed into the plot clogging it up when anything starts to actually happen. And the sex scenes, why oh why do I need to see two people going at it so frequently. Sex scenes can fit in just fine to shows and movies but here it's just another excuse to prolong an already thin story. The lack of chemistry between Luke and Jessica makes these scenes all the more awkward and frankly useless. As another reviewer stated, it's like walking in on your parents except with this show they force you to stay and watch.<br/><br/>My frustration is that this could have been something really great. In fact it should have been something great; Marvel has done a fantastic job (for the most part) creating these great shows and films. There was good material to work with but it suffered from lazy, redundant and just plain bad writing. Generally I notice editing, lighting and camera-work with anything I watch, but here I was so disinterested with this show that I found myself staring at the wall thinking about what I was going to have for breakfast instead of actually watching the show. If I don't care for certain aspects of TV or film I can at least manage to stay engaged because other aspects are keeping me interested. The dark washed out colors of this show drown the visuals into muddy shots that at least reflect the dreary boring nature of the story. With Jessica Jones its monotonous story telling, monotonous voice-overs, bad acting, and terrible writing lends nothing (aside from Tennant) to keep me engaged. If anything you can put this show on as background noise, but aside from that, it's not good for much else. Jessica Jones is an absolute delight to watch. Right from episode 1, it grips you into it's story, and then you just cannot escape from it.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones shows how amazing Marvel is at casting. And David Tennant as Kilgave? That's my favorite super villain on screen adaptation now.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is dark, darker than Daredevil. It has the themes of sexual abuse, abortion, and forced murder, and it does it brilliantly. If you liked DD, you'll love this for sure.<br/><br/>Jessica is a retired superhero, who is struggling to live in Hell's Kitchen, trying to get over an abusive relationship with Kilgrave. She suffers from PTSD, depression, has nightmares, and drinks A LOT. She's the protagonist we all deserved to see, weak, but somehow strong, broken, but trying to fix herself. She's a PI, and has a mall company called Alias Investigation. One case makes her remember her past, and that one case changes her life, forever.<br/><br/>Ritter's acting is flawless. You can actually feel the tension and the worries she has in her life, thanks to her role.<br/><br/>David Tennant's Kilgrave, is the best super villain I have ever seen (yep, I liked him more than Ledger's Joker). He takes a while to appear on screen, but you fear him, right from episode 1. The tension builds, and Tennant's abilities makes you feel afraid of him and his dark mind, even though you know he's not real. What I think is the best about him, is that he can do anything he wishes to do. He can become the president if he wants. But what he chooses, is a simple life, and small crimes give him fun.<br/><br/>The story, well, is absolutely incredibly well written. Plot twists are amazing. And there is no origin story, the show directly leaps into action, and flashbacks keep you wanting more. Over the course of 13 episodes, you find out about the characters, and what they can do, and what they cannot.<br/><br/>But the show's real power, is focusing on women, and their strengths. Jessica Jones might be fragile, but the limits to which she goes to end Kilgrave, are spectacular to watch. Overall, this is a must see show.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is a complete success for Marvel. Season 2 might be up soon, and I cannot wait for it. (Spoiler alert).<br/><br/>I suppose Simpson is the antagonist in season 2? with his powers he got from the pills?He is damn annoying though. I am not sure how he will appear as a super villain. Kilgrave did a fabulous job as Kilgrave. I wanted him to not die. And is Patsy coming back in next season as HellCat?<br/><br/>I did not understand how Pam ended up in Wendy's apartment. Was it a part of Jessica's plan to follow Kilgrave? Is Luke Cage coming back in the next season? I am excited to watch these characters again. Does Claire come back in season 2 as well? I just finished a marathon streaming of Jessica Jones Season 1 on Netflix and am truly starting to love shows produced by Netflix. None of the garbage bounding the story that TV has, just a story told as envisioned, and I found this addictive, invigorating, thrilling, exciting, and satisfying. Will have a hard time with watching David Tennant on Dr Who with quite the same eye, but it was so good to watch Jessica break his flipping neck at the end of episode 13. Shows jack you around so much, this one simply built from interesting to compelling to driven to see him go down to what we rarely get; satisfaction. Reminds me of the original Dirty Harry where you liked it when Clint shot the psycho, having the story culminate with her breaking his neck and becoming a famous hero as a result was a great end. I'm sorry to read that conflicts with other shows will likely cause there to never be a Season 2 as I'm sure I would binge watch it to. 13 episodes in 3 days and every one more intense that the previous. Sure, would have liked to see her find some relief from the self loathing... but the opening was left. David T. was a great villain. Mike Colter as Luke was a great partner. Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones was awesome, but I haven't really seen her do a lot that she isn't good at (even the bad shows). She took it to a new level in JJ and I'll forever be hoping for a Season 2. For those who haven't watched Season 1, all I can say is what are you waiting for? Other than Daredevil you won't find anything better. I had high hopes for this show after how good the first season of daredevil was, and i have to say they were definitely met. Finally, a female hero that isn't some idealized 2 dimensional mary sue "strong independent woman" stereotype. In fact what this show does so well is show how hollow that stereotype is, on the outside jessica might be strong, but on the inside she is fragile and self loathing, on the outside she might be independent, but on the inside her foundation is crumbling and she can barely keep it together without help which she never asks for and constantly pushes away. Its a show with raw emotional depth and superpowers, and those two are so very rarely seen in combination.<br/><br/>But i think the most fantastic aspect of Jessica Jones is its portrayal of Kilgrave, the purple man, as he deals with the spoiling and moral corruption of getting everything he wants, all the time. I've recently considered why there aren't enough, or really any shows on TV that explore the darker side of aspiration, what people are willing to do with limitless resources and power and what that does to a man, and this is something this show tackles extremely well. At face value Kilgrave is a jealous sadistic manchild who gets everything he wants so he wants the one thing he can't have--but peel a layer deeper and its clear he wants to lose. He wants to flirt with danger, have a genuine interaction that isn't everything he demands, only he's so far removed from even knowing what that looks like that it becomes a sociopathic game of chess trying to extort free will out of someone when he already has control over peoples, well how should i put it--less than free will. <br/><br/>And everyone likes to talk about the sensationalist PC aspect of it that deals with rape but the issues that it touches on go so much further that to the very idea of liberty and freedom itself. Personally in my own life i was locked up for 3 years unconstitutionally, and they tried to control my free will, tried to torture me into making certain choices, but no matter how hard they tried they could never violate me in the way that kilgrave does to people with ease which makes the implications of his power so much more unsettling. And the idea that jessica herself is this force of nature with super strength and even Luke cage is all that and bulletproof skin--and all that and anyone or anything else she throws at him could be immediately under his control with a word--makes him all the more untouchable, which becomes a moral hazard for all of his countless atrocities, which are equal parts sadistic and creative.<br/><br/>Ultimately the character development gets a 10/10 from me, and the plot gets a 9/10, the special effects were ultimately secondary to what was most impressive about this, but they weren't bad by any means, perhaps a 6/10. the cinematography also gets a 10/10, especially whoever did all the color grading, as you can even feel the color purple creep into subtle parts of the urban jungle as if to suggest kilgrave--or someone under his influence--is waiting around any corner. And the action was not as good as daredevil but ultimately satisfactory, lets say, a 7/10.<br/><br/>It is an amazing show, but please, do not watch this and talk about the supposed points it makes or dialogue it starts about "rape culture", or whatever. It makes no such points and you are an obnoxious douchebag. Second Netflix's series based on Marvel comic books, Jessica Jones is surrounded by psychological terror. Being the main character, Jessica is a traumatized person, haunted by her past which led to drinking problems and a self-destructive life. This character would not create such impact if it were not for Krysten Ritter's compelling performance, she created a character rough to deal with, but over the episodes, she wins the sympathy of the public as they realize that behind her grim personality is a woman quite vulnerable. Another important individual presented was Luke Cage played by Mike Colter who is going to have his own TV series in the coming years. His inclusion in this universe is already pretty set and some clues appear indicating to where will head his own series. The story has a good fluency and the supporting characters are used cleverly although some suffer in relation to their development, as the series falls short when dealing with the dialogues, they're not horrible, far from it, but don't create a surprising or brilliant moment. Nevertheless, the show maintains the good quality. There is a character that outshines the others and surprised me the most, it's the villain, Kilgrave. David Tennant is spectacular in this role, in the beginning he was kind an aura, that is always around, you could feel his presence but you couldn't see him. And when Kilgrave is on the screen, he managed to give the character such charisma and with it, combine his humour with the psychopathic side, making him much more interesting and unpredictable. <br/><br/>The series has a mental focus, showing the consequences and collateral damage caused by Kilgrave powers, which leave the victims with a fractured mind. The episodes have ups and downs, but from the middle, the show gives an interesting twist and the story becomes much more intriguing and exciting. The power demonstrations were not that good, using certain angles and cuts, they are not very convincing. A gradual improvement are the fights. At the beginning, they suffer from the same problems of the power demonstrations, but by the end, they are far more thrilling and entertaining. Many easter eggs are showed, as some questions are let unanswered and some characters, which have great importance in other stories not only in Jessica Jones's universe, are quietly introduced and if you aren't a comic book reader maybe you might not realize. Can't watch this anymore as Krysten is a bad actor. Calling her acting skills wooden is unfair to wood OMFG I just finished Binge-watching this show and it was an Absolute Masterpiece in my opinion. I personally loved it more then Daredevil which I thought would be Impossible. I will now move onto my review. I will start with the story which is about a women named Jessica Jones obviously who is a PI and she solves cases while dealing with a sadistic villain. I love the story and the vibe of it which flows alongside the movie Sin City and has a very Noir aesthetic which coincides perfectly with the narrations done by Jessica throughout the series. I will now move onto the acting which was Superb. I mean Krysten Ritter as Jessica played a perfect alcoholic/investigator. I even enjoyed Luke Cage played by Mike Colter and the relationship that they form. The rest of the cast did Amazing. I will say though that the character who stole the show for me was Purple Man AKA Killgrave played by David Tennant. He is by far my favorite new villain in the Marvel Universe. I mean he is fiendish, barbarous and Delusional. I loved him and he played his character to perfection. I will now move onto the action which was thoroughly entertaining. I will say it didn't have the action packed scenes of Daredevil but it was a Hell of a lot more psychological which is what gets to you in the end and there are some very bloody scenes that actually surpass DD in many respects. I have never read the comics for Jessica Jones but this show is a show you don't want to miss. I will also say that the sound design and the cinematography were superfluous. I will finish by saying that this initial season was Fantastic and you should watch this show immediately. I promise you will not regret it. I was a tad disappointed in the finale but I have my reasons and I will not spoil that but all in all I applaud Marvel for there 2nd dive into a Marvel inspired television show that has paid off in a dramatic way. I can't believe how boring these Marvel / Netflix shows were. Thank god they have all been canceled.... ***The following review is intended for people who have already seen the show as a discussion point, and as such contains spoilers***<br/><br/>I've seen tweets labelling this show such things as 'flawless' (Wil Wheaton), and while I was entertained and generally enjoyed Jessica Jones through to the end, I found it anything but flawless.<br/><br/>On the heels of Daredevil - a strongly cinematic, artistically shot, hyper violent TV show - Jessica Jones is merely a well made network type show with all the usual cheap-feeling camera angles. One shot of Jessica throwing a punch, snap to another shot of some guy flying into a wall - just like The Incredible Hulk show from the 1970s. Fully clothed sex - I don't need nudity in every show, and didn't want it here, but there are better ways than to pretend everyone has sex with their underwear still firmly in place. The lighting is generally bland and mid-afternoon besides a few shots in the night but with no thought to interesting shadows or light patterns. The quiet sleazy saxophone music often accompanying Jessica doing detective work invokes Film Noir, but squanders the chance to mimic other staples of the genre - where were the shadows from the blinds or ceiling fan or the smoke? Just a well lit rent-controlled apartment like in How I Met Your Mother.<br/><br/>Beyond the cinematography several plot points seemed very forced. Unlike Daredevil whose superpower is rather understated and almost believable, we are dealing with a higher-grade of superhero here - but that is no excuse to have super-soldier pills that take effect one second after swallowing them, or 90lb non-super women being even slightly effective in a fight. Malcom, the barely functioning junkie, gets clean and healthy by personal choice in a matter of minutes after Jessica hands him the very drugs he is aching for. Jessica's support group decide that lynching Jessica is obviously the right course of action after a few words from the crazy sister none of them have ever met before.<br/><br/>I'm beating up the show only really because it was represented as some next-generation amazing flawless 'best superhero show ever'. As a general TV show along the lines of Arrow or Agents of Shield, Jessica Jones is certainly a step above. I don't get all the hatred being shown by insecure bigots who can't handle female leads, I quite enjoyed most of the characters. The show benefits from the uncomplicated plot - no tangents or unnecessary side characters, excepting Nuke (Simpson), and he was included fairly well. Kilgrave was a mixed bag to me - on the one hand Tennant gave us a very creepy psychopath, on the other hand what we got half the time was an adult-sized spoilt child who had never been taught right from wrong.<br/><br/>I just wish the show had been on Daredevil's level. Instead we got a decent superhero show, rather than a spectacular one. Jessica Jones had a great season 1. The casting was good, the atmosphere intriguing, the script and storyline well written and unfolding and the vibe right with the presence of a brilliant villain.
As whiny as Jessica Jones was, it was bearable all to the credit of the very good writing, acting, cinematography and soundtrack of that season.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, that was the end of its greatness, because as season 2 unfolded, it became clear that with that lazy writing and script it won't have half of the glory of its season 1. It dragged miserably and uninterestingly for 13 episodes and crushed all the good stuff that was the essence of the season 1.<br/><br/>Then they decided to make a third season; they learned nothing of their mistakes made in the past season, had the horrible idea to put Trish in the foreground with her crazy acting, story and horrid lines, put in fillers after fillers, dragged it again for 13 episodes as was the standard and finished it even more horribly than season 2.<br/><br/>That was the case of Jessica Jones in its span of 3 seasons. An utter disappointment that I'm sure the writers and producers learned nothing of.<br/><br/>Fortunately and exceptionally, fate came to our rescue when it was cancelled, having had tons of money wasted (if you look at the broad picture) and left almost all viewers unsatisfied and hungry for more.<br/><br/>This series had so much potential to realize, had it been in the right hands... The first season in many ways set standards to high I doubt we'll have many bad guys rival Tennant in his role for a long time to come. Still the 3rd season in large parts was very entertaining despite some poor fillers and the less said about the 2nd series the better. Still wish they were making more but maybe it was about the right time for it to end. .....average 2nd season. How something that have started so well tumbled into the abyss of mediocrity. Season 2 is constanlty trying ti drive really intreating character into the ground. Jessica is a PI, they should have focused on diffrent case in each episode with one main theme running through several seasons. The plot is tiresome in this one. Watch only if you have absolutely nothing else to see. The first season surprised with its dark setting, a drunk unwilling hero, a very evil villain and nice side story/love interest, nice setup for Luke Cage. I thought season 1 was really good.<br/><br/>Come season 2, with much anticipation....what a load of badness!
I don't know why there had to be this overbearing female director/script/actor thing, but it messed up everything. I'm not against feminism etc, but we're talking story telling here, not a manifest for 'women can do these things too', which I know already. Please stop being so...preoccupied with that, please. I hope the producers choose the best suited PERSON for the job/direction/script/actor, not based on gender. That's gender equality.<br/><br/>Back to the script for season 2, it's just plain boring. No real point, only sidequests. It started interesting with the origins of Jessica, but derailed quickly. The Jeri story could have been left out completely, the Trish addiction story is contrived, the mother/daughter story feels like nonsense. Beside the plotholes, there is no real tension, no villiain.
The last 6 episodes were a real pain to watch, but I really wanted it to become better...alas...the ending suits the season.<br/><br/>Sadly no seperate stars per season (idea IMDB?...)
S1 - 7 stars
S2 - 1 star One of the worst written series of all time. Season 1 was decent. With the help of Luke Cage and Kilgrave this season wasn't so bad. Season 2 however is a train wreck. The writers should be fired. The characters in season 2 are utterly terrible, you find it hard to care about any of them and as the season progresses you find you hate them even more. There are so many flaws it becomes painful to watch. If you're thinking of watching it do yourself a favour and DONT. There's plenty of other great shows to watch on Netflix. A MASSIVE step down from the amazing Daredevil.
Filled with dirty scenes for no reason.
Disgustingly dark to the point that is makes you feel sick.
And even getting past that it is also boring and painfully slow paced.<br/><br/>If you are a Marvel fan like me then do your self a favor and skip this. As with most action, horror and sci-fi, it's all about how good, and well-matched, the villain is with the hero. Season 1 had the always terrific David Tennant. Season 2 has multiple evil-doers, but all are weak. I give the first season 8 stars. I can't give more than 4 stars to Season 2. Really, it should be lower, because each "strong" character, including Krysten Witter and Carrie-Anne Moss go through several personas during the season, most of which are not appealing or endearing. It's beyond irritating. I can only hope that Season 3 pulls this potential franchise out of the trajectory it's on now. If you are looking for smashing action movie, look elswhere. for me comics and comic based filmes are about the characters in it: how they live, what they feel, how they develop. and S02 thicks all the boxes. good storyline, good characters (not meaning loveables), good vibe. Jessicas's superpower fortunately just secondary importance in the show, I hope more marvel show will move into this direction. if you are interested in normal people with special abilities, rather than superheroes, this one is for you First, just to clarify, I rated Season 1 as a 7. Season 2 would be more like a 5, as in ok at best...<br/><br/>Rather than reviewing the plot or the annoying, self loathing Jessica Jones character (who spends Season 2 constantly saying things like: "I am not a murder" and cursing her powers), here is are some actual quotes from Season 2. I think they represent Season 2 better than any review I could write on my own.<br/><br/>While reading these quotes, consider the steps that one assumes the dialogue went through before appearing in the show
Step 1: The writer thought of the dialogue in their head
Step 2: The writer considered the dialgoue worthy of being written down and submitted
Step 3: The dialogue was read and approved by some sort of script supervisor
Step 4: The actors read the script in practice, and then during filming, without anyone powerful enough to stop it objecting
Step 5: The dialogue made the final cut after editing<br/><br/>So with that in mind, here we go...
QUOTE 1
(A taxi driver tells a mother and daughter not to 'get their panties in a bunch' while driving)
"We're grown women. We don't wear panties. We wear underwear."<br/><br/>Ok....<br/><br/>QUOTE 2
"You know that saying about having your cake and eating it too? Whoever said that probably didn't have cake that killed people."<br/><br/>Wow. Just wow. A middle schooler, with severe brain damage, could write something better than that. I'm not sure what else to say.<br/><br/>QUOTE 3
"Your father, he needed to be in charge like his (Dick Van Dyke) would fall off if he let me drive."
"I sooo don't need to hear about my dead father's (Moby Dick)."
"If I had been driving, we all would still be alive. It's a great role model for your daughter right? Shut up and sit shotgun."<br/><br/>Yeah. Those pesky, male chauvinists. Always refusing to let the superior women drivers take the wheel. How many more deaths will we have to endure? Stand up women everywhere! Take away the keys from your oppresive, overlord husbands. Lives are at stake. Good grief. Imagine a male character saying this after his wife gets in a car accident: "If only I had been driving, we all would still be alive." In poor taste? Sexist? Ridiculous? Yes, all of the above. <br/><br/>So there it is, Season 2 of Jessica Jones, in quotes. Enjoy. I honestly loved The first season but Second one is kinda meh for me I am so mad. Mad at myself. Mad enough to finally write my first "review".
The first season of Jessica Jones was good. Not outstanding, not great, but enjoyable to watch. So I was looking forward to the second season. And boy was I let down. It took me about 10 episodes to realize that this season won´t suddently get interesting anymore. I put up with all the illogical garbage the characters did and all the plot holes because I was waiting for the turning point. The point where I would go "yes, this is it, thats what I liked about the first season!". And in episode 10 there was a moment when I said to myself: "this is it, now we are talking". Only to be disappointed again by the next episode. 
The writing is... just bad. Trish is acting like a 10 year old spoiled brat, Jessica is constantly doing stupid stuff, the storylines in general are boring. You are watching feminist and liberal propaganda, with a lot of lesbian scenes and not one decent white male. We have a sexy latino and a sexy black guy. We have an illegal alien shop owner that is morally superior to the legal citicens that live in NYC. And there is of course the black cop that is dying a hero death begging her colleague to "take the shot"... On the other hand we have a white guy saying "nice ass" to jessica when shes drunk and screwing her while calling her a freak, a boring old white cop and a mad white scientist performing unethic experiments on people that can´t fight back. 
I spent 10 hours watching this, and it wouldn´t take more than five minutes to summarize the whole plot of season 2.
So I am just mad at myself for wasting so much time of my life on this. Don´t make the same mistake. Don´t watch this. I liked the thrill of season 1, but season 2 is none of all that. It's slow, the events are predictable and weak what makes season 2 boring. I also started to get annoyed by Jessica, being such a pessimist about everything, while she was kinda superhero for me in season 1. I am writing this about the Jessica Jones, but I could be writing it about any of the shows, aside from Iron Fist. It starts dark brooding and serious. A program meant for adults, moving between the heft of the actions that are committed and the ramifications on the lives they corrupt. But ultimately it turns into a show for kids with adult violence, so skewing perfectly for those suffering from arrested development. As you watch each of the Marvel series, it is always the same a death of a character in the series ultimately results in the show becoming cartoony and losing any beauty it once had. Rinse repeat for each. Instead of trying to be original Marvel, should've stayed with the tried and well received. I've always been a fan of Marvel, but this show is outright insulting the public's intelligence.<br/><br/>I don't believe any DC or Marvel fan likes to watch a superhero show without showing virtually any superpowers, aside from the fact JJ is nothing like in the comics. Invulnerability? Flying? Increased regenerative properties? Nope, none of that. Tell me, would you watch Spiderman if the only powers he had were heightened reflexes? No, of course not. Such a production would've been slaughtered. Yet JJ only seems to have increased strength. But even that they did wrong.<br/><br/>First of, the action scenes were appalling, but then there are so few of them you almost overlook it. Maybe the creators were aiming for that? I've seen normal action movies were the hero would defeat a group of guys because the hero has some sort of special training. But JJ and that police guy lost a fight against several normal guys when she's supposedly super strong? She has trouble dragging a teenage girl when she can lift a freaking car without effort? And how can she get hurt by brawling when she can twist and rip of a hang-lock without so much of a scratch? Are the creators of this show stupid? If you have super strength, you need to have some invulnerability! And you can't hit through a goddamn wall without a scratch and then have cuts and scrapes after fight with normal people.<br/><br/>So, what's the point of this supposedly superhero show? Increased bourbon sales? She can drink bottles of that stuff without being affected, but she wakes up seemingly having a hangover? And if she's not affected by alcohol, why does she need it in a stressful situation? Or is it the sex scenes? Personally, I never like to see those unless I'm watching a porno, but hey, I could live with it if the thing I'm watching actually has something else to offer. Not the case with JJ.<br/><br/>And what's the deal with her having sex with Cage before telling him she killed his wife. I mean, what is that! She's riding him so hard even the bed breaks. Is she insane?! The first sex scene is somewhat understandable because of the Purple Man's voice in her head. I get it, he made her do it. But all the sex after that simply seemed consented and of their own free will. I can't stand bullshit unrealistic drama like this. In real life, if you killed someones wife, you don't have sex with that someone before explaining what you did, unless you're psychotic. I do not want to identify with such a person. It's disgusting!<br/><br/>Anyway, I don't dare to watch Luke Cage now but I hear Daredevil is actually good, so I will give that show a shot, even though I hate superheroes without superpowers doing things only superpowers could justify.<br/><br/>1 star because I couldn't go lower. I was late getting to the party for Jessica Jones, the series has been out for a while now and I took my time getting around to watching it. It may have been that I'm not familiar with the character of Jessica Jones or that other shows just seemed that more appealing. I shouldn't have had any reservations though, after the success of Daredevil, it should have been a given that this show would be excellent. I'm happy to report it was and I can't wait to see what Marvel brings to the T.V. dinner table next.<br/><br/>Superhero movies are starting to experiment with different genres more and more. Marvel made a heist movie in Ant Man and branched more into the fantasy genre with Thor and Thor: The Dark World. Season 1 of Jessica Jones is a detective story with her tracking down the villainous Kilgrave. I really dug the tone of the story, they do a good job of getting into noirish aspects while still making it general audience friendly. Jessica as a character checks off most of the personality aspects of your standard Hollywood private eye. She lives in a scummy apartment, she drinks way too much, and she doesn't keep the best company. I'm a fan of the noir/detective genre and while the show may not be as hardcore as other films/shows out there, there's enough to make Jessica Jones an interesting entry into the genre.<br/><br/>When choosing the star of Jessica Jones, much like Daredevil, Marvel studios didn't just go to the A-list. Krysten Ritter isn't a household name but she's appeared in enough stuff that you would probably recognizer her from her appearance in one thing or another. She's pretty solid here, she slips into the character completely and she sells you on the fact that she can pick up a car or jump off a building and not be hurt. I really liked her dynamic with Rachael Taylor, you believe in their friendship and that Jessica can only be effective at her work when she has the support of the people around her. Wil Traval and Eka Darville are good in their recurring roles. Carrie-Ann Moss was cold as Jeri but that was the point and Mike Colter was pretty great as Luke Cage. His supporting performance made me excited to watch the Luke Cage series. David Tennant helped bring something to the table that some Marvel properties lack, a villain who is on equal footing with the hero. His character was so self-involved and arrogant and David was frightening as Kilgrave.<br/><br/>It could have been hard to come up with a story where Jessica and Kilgrave square off for the entire season without introducing any other villains or new threats. But the writing team played the feud out with simmering tension. The main thread of the plot is more of a slow burn and there doesn't have to be a big action scene every episode like there was in Daredevil. It's really easy to immerse yourself in Jessica's relationships with her friends and enemies. I mentioned that her relationship with her friends is pretty deep but conversely the creative team really shows how terrifying it would be to be under Kilgrave's control and they also found a way to make Kilgrave's powers be horrifying without it being cheesy or funny. Somebody possibly being out there with the power to manipulate someone into doing anything is a big enough threat that you don't need aliens to start flying in and destroying the city. You don't just spend time with Jessica in the present, there's a lot of emotion in the flashbacks to Jessica's past with Kilgrave and even farther back into her childhood. Much like most people in her profession, she didn't have any easy time growing up and you empathize with Jessica even when she's not doing the right thing. Kudos to the writers for not over-complicating the matter and focusing on telling a strong story.<br/><br/>I don't have many complaints about Jessica Jones. I think it completely holds its own but it's not up there with the best programming on TV right now. Compared to Daredevil or something like The Avengers, Jessica Jones tells a smaller and more low-key story and there's nothing wrong with that. I think the show suffers a little bit in playing too much into Jessica redeeming herself. She's not always playing the hero but there are times where she crosses the line and it's not easy to follow her decision making process. That line of thinking suits the genre but it doesn't make her easy to like her at certain points in the season.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is a more than worthy addition to Marvel's expanding universe. I don't think it was as strong as Daredevil but Jessica's a lesser known character and much like Guardians of the Galaxy or Ant Man, the Marvel creative team did an excellent job of introducing her to us. They not only did that but they created a pretty interesting world for her to work in. I would like to see a second season but with the Defenders coming up soon, I think she'll be a bright spot on a pretty great team. If there is a Marvel Netflix show that surpassed daredevil Season 1, it is Jessica Jones season 1. The next 2 seasons were out of context, the casting had nothing to do with this, it seems that the writer had nothing to show more than repeating the same absurd redundant story of a good character turning to be a bad one. Two absurd seasons with no actual competition nor a real enemy to Jessica. You will spend 26 episodes hearing the story of Trish Walker (Played perfectly by Rachael Taylor) transformation into a bad character. Boring story, with no creativity at all. I would rather spend 26 episodes watching Killgrave rather than Trish Walker transforming to a bad person. This absurd writing is the problem, the director had no idea what to do in those 26 episodes other than this dull story. P.S I really like the casting choices, all of the Marvel's Netflix casting choices were perfect. Krysten Ritter was born to play this role, so does Rachael Taylor. This is a hint for everyone out there saying there should be a reboot, you should understand the problem before you ask for a reboot. Disney would do a great job if they pick up the same actors and give them a chance with a better story (except for Daredevil (all seasons) and The Punisher (season 1) because they did a great job with the stories) awful show.it was the worst show i have ever seen.it was sexist and i think it should be ban for children to watch.yes of course i know.every show has good and bad character.Kilgrave is bad and Jessica wanna stop him.that's OK. but really in this show other men are always bad too.only men are good when they let women to use them.writer even try to make Traval bad.Clemons refuse to do his job.Ruben is good because has no pride and just has one gold to make Jessica happy.Ducasse only job is being women's slave and accept to torture from Jessica and Robyn. and cage.he refuse to help Jessica and its bad.he cant forgive Jessica for his wife murder and we should be angry from him. you can count yourself.how many bad male character and how many female? if it was opposite the show was closed and creator charge to sexism and going to prison Asa. this show and similar should be forbidden to make watch and released One more Marvel. or maybe not.<br/><br/>Despite strong themes like trauma, rape and violence, this production is a little too thin to last the full 13 episodes; the plots, subplots and,character development simply is not enough. This first season in the series would have benefited from a shorter 6-8 episode run.<br/><br/>The acting is somewhat uneven, perhaps suffering a bit from the thin script, with a sometimes stunted dialogue and theatrical style acting. Since the actual cast in most scenes except the final is relatively small. Perhaps stronger actors and more populated would have delivered better credibility and a more intense performance.<br/><br/>The set is typically Netflix, usually with few actors in most scenes, crisp photo with blurred back. <br/><br/>Acting 4/10. Production 6/10 script 4/10<br/><br/>Overall 4/10. I fell asleep several times, the protagonist is too monotone in her acting, support cast underperforms due to thin script. If your hoping the family friendly comic premises like The Flash and Supergirl, we'll you'll be disappointed. It's not a superhero show, but more of a detective drama with super powers in the mix. I like the film noir like feel to it.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter really shows her acting chops, I wasn't sure she could pull off such a role, but she really does. Playing this tough take no crap kind of person, and also showing someone trying to run away from her sins of the past. Mike Colter really comes in his own has Luke Cage. I hope the series will keep better has it goes on. Effects are pretty good also. This show seems like it's trying too hard to be mysterious, cool, artsy... the mystery to me is how did it get such high ratings? I am almost to the end of episode 2 and I just don't have the will to go on. The pace and atmosphere is weird and the dialogue stiff and jerky like an old locomotive. I hope she helps Hope and destroys Kilgrave and gets together with Luke and everyone lives happily everafter but I just can't see wasting my time while it all happens.<br/><br/>Addendum: The way I rate shows...
I usually don't review anything less than a 7 because 6 would be a failing grade and I won't waste my time watching it. I'm old; I don't know how much time I've got left. Since I probably turned it off before getting even halfway through an episode it wouldn't be fair to rate or review it.
7 is watchable but I may go a while between episodes since, though somewhat entertaining, there are other shows more interesting or compelling.
8 would be a regular in my lineup.
9 is a must see and probably bingeable.
10 is just the epitome of superbity and headed for my all-time favorites list.
I'm adding this to my reviews because it seems there are a lot of binary reactions to pretty much everything these days. I am not a like/unlike kind of guy. I see a lot of grays so if I give something a 10 it doesn't mean the only alternative is a 1. This show is basically a cliché, filled with unnecessary feminist and LGBT agenda where the only women that actually speak are strong feminist lesbians, and all men are either weak or submissive and pathetic Betta males, who serve no other purpose but to be dominated.<br/><br/>According to the creator of the show, a strong independent woman, should strictly cheat, be moody, drink at least several bottles of cheap liquor on daily basis, not get emotionally attached to any male,and if she happened to meet someone than she shall use him only and I repeat only for simple sexual pleasures and discard "it" afterward...<br/><br/>Sounds familiar? Well no doubt, since that's how "men were behaving towards women" since the beginning of time, so this show is basically a mirror image of our society, where women now do what men used to do...<br/><br/>It's basically Sense8 without a wet dildo on the floor (yet another utterly worthless TV show) ... Quit watching it after couple of episodes, not gonna waste my time on this joke... If I wanted to watch feminist fantasies, I'd go on YouTube...<br/><br/>Shame, cause it sort of has some potential story wise, but it's obvious that story was not director's concern, it was this hidden feminist/LGBT agenda... First let me start by saying I hate reviews where the reviewer is so pompous that they have the audacity to tell u how u will feel after watching a show, -or if they feel strongly about something then their view is somehow superior to differing views. Reviews are intimate, it's about what the show did or didn't make u feel- and with that said I rated JJ 9 out of 10.<br/><br/>It isn't a happy-go-lucky feel good show by any stretch of the imagination and unlike other Marvel properties it's dark, intense, and heavy- and explores very adult themes. Krysten Ritter superbly plays the sulking victim turned flawed-heroin to perfection- also worthy of note is the strong casting for Luke Cage as well. But the standout out star in the show is David Tennant's Kilgrave, a misguided sociopath and in some ways, a victim of his own powers. The complexity and full fleshed out character makes him go well beyond your standard villain. His obsession with all things Jessica is fully explored and his motivations are throughly explained.<br/><br/>This show wont be for everyone, it's dark tone will no doubt put some off but if you are into complex thrill rides it doesn't get much better than Jessica Jones. Dare Devil set the bar extremely high for this series and as far as Im concerned JJ not only cleared it but set it even a tick higher. Im super psyched for Luke Cage at this point! What a great time for comic-book fans! Jessica Jones is the second outing on Netflix for Marvel and by thus, removed from regular TV restrictions. That being said, Daredevil this ain't.<br/><br/>Last time I saw Krysten Ritter was as choking-on-her-vomit Jane from Breaking Bad. In the meantime she had bunch of roles here and there but I think Jessica Jones will probably level her up more than anything else before.<br/><br/>It's refreshing to watch something from Marvel with almost nonexistent amount of CGI. And it has some really good performances from the entire main cast as well. Mike Colter is good as Luke Cage, Rachael Taylor is good as Trish (but she's just not Hellcat here, yet... and, and if you listen closely, you can catch her Aussie accent), Carrie-Anne Moss is good as Jeri, Tennant is good as Kilgrave and others equally shine through this season. <br/><br/>Story is interesting and engaging, characters are also all that and some more. There's some nice ideas and themes weaved through the season one as well.<br/><br/>Main title is also worth mentioning, because it looks great and has some pretty cool music to boot. <br/><br/>Now, this is not much action oriented as Daredevil, it's more of a drama and investigative adventure with a occasional beating and murder (while DD is pretty much the same only in reverse). However boring that may sound, it's not and it is quite engaging. <br/><br/>"So, wait. If that's all pretty dandy and great, why 7? Why not 11/10 then?" you may ask yourself and myself here and now. Well, there are some problems as well.<br/><br/>First half of the season, and maybe a bit more, is really going strong and interesting and the story comes to unfold aaaaand... it not much. Aaaand it also becomes ridiculous after some point. Also, show's tone is somewhat grim, but there are jokes and all that, they just come a bit flat sometimes. Or, they just don't know what to do with certain characters. Best example is Reuben and his sister, good luck trying to get what's that all about. Are they failed attempt at comic relief or what? Malcolm also serves some purpose most of the time but then he's just there, existing without reason occasionally. Same thing goes for Will Simpson (Nuke/Frank Simpson in comics, here, some refreshed and name changed version of him).<br/><br/>And as more of the show goes towards the end, more dumb it becomes. At certain point, story stops making sense and exposition becomes so ridiculous that characters just stop and talk exposition to resolve all tangled story stuff that came before. Because now they don't have time to properly address and resolve those loose ends. This becomes glaringly obvious in the last three or four episodes when instead of plot culmination you get a bunch of flat out explanations delivered by characters.<br/><br/>While on that, the ending is not that good also.<br/><br/>But wait, there's more! Main villain is always a good measure of a show/movie. Here, that role falls on Kilgrave (or in comics - Killgrave aka Purple Man) played by David Tennant. For the first half, Kilgrave is utterly despicable, evil mystery man and by that - frightening. I meant that really, few episodes in and I was really under the impression that he is one truly and disgustingly evil mofo. Now, you can guess that as the episodes go and the rest of the show becomes less coherent while the story and characters unfold, the same goes for Kilgrave. If that's your guess, well, you are not wrong. Mr. Kilgrave does weaken his hold on the audiences as the story progresses.<br/><br/>Luckily for all of us, in this case the bad does not outweigh the good, not by a long shot. Jessica Jones comes strong, declines somewhat towards the end, but as a whole becomes a solid and refreshing entry in MCU. Very recommended. When I started watching Jessica Jones I felt a bit out of place, as I didn't know much about the character and the Alias series. The pilot has a slow pace and pretty much no action. And then it hit me. This is not your generic action driven super hero show, it is a detective story that flirts a bit with the noir movies of old, with a troubled protagonist in a world where she can't tell who to trust from who has been tainted by the main antagonist.<br/><br/>Jessica is your super powered private investigator that has been through a lot and done a lot of things, good and bad. She thinks she has failed herself due to events in her past. Jones drinks a lot and doesn't care what others think of her, and Krysten Ritter shows that very well. Jessica Jones is strong character, literally and figuratively, that can take care of herself and of those she cares. By flashbacks, a bit of her past is shown and it helps understand how and why she got where she is right now.<br/><br/>Kilgrave, the main antagonist, is set in a very clever way during the first 2-3 episodes by showing not the character itself, but what he is capable of and the effect he has left on those he crossed paths with. He lingers as a presence that haunts Jones and the others. And when he is shown, David Tennant plays him in a very charming and magnetic way, which makes you feel disgusting as a person once you realize the things Kilgrave has done. And here is one drawbacks from the series. The villain is never fully explored, showing only hint about his past. Having an episode fully focused on him would've fleshed out the character making it even better and probably one of the best villains showed by Marvel in their movies or series.<br/><br/>When it comes to supporting characters, the series is a mixed bag. With very interesting ones like Pam, Luke Cage and Malcom and to others that aren't really necessary to the plot overall, like Robyn, Simpson and the lawyers. The shows spends a lot of time with the later characters, they are unidimensional and creates sub plots that were never really interesting. Some of those scenes really drags the show, and it could've done so much better without them. The relationship of Jones and these characters are good, the dialog can be a bit iffy sometimes but the actors do the best they can with what they have, succeeding in showing their connection with the protagonist.<br/><br/>But here is where the show falls apart, the last third of the season. It feels completely unnecessary, the cat and mouse game that Jessica and Kilgrave play is dragged to an extent that hurts the show. When the tables are turned for the fourth time, you aren't really invested anymore. And decisions made by most of the characters seem out of place, which leads to an underwhelming finale.<br/><br/>Overall, the first season of Jessica Jones is decent. With a strong female lead (which is lacking in movies and series), an interesting, but underdeveloped villain, and not having the focus in the right characters, Jessica Jones shows potential to be an amazing series that needs a bit of polishing here and there. Unlike Punisher, and Daredevil -- which were rated significantly higher than Jessica Jones has ever been -- I miss those shows; especially punisher -- and somehow this show dodged cancellation for longer than it's counterparts. What's fuelling decisions in producers minds theses days because clearly (Just look @ Lucifer) fan-base preferences and profits, are not fuelling them.
In group preferencing, however... Very nice vibe. Jazzy. A little mystical. Jessica changed her bourbon brand. Now she drinks Mitcher's. Sadly it's the swansong of the Netflix-Marvel collab. Still pretty good. Let's just wish we will see Ritter as JJ again!
But a 10-star rate? Yeah I know! I am a fan so.. From those who brought you the badass 'Daredevil!' comes a series not even half as daring as 'Daredevil!' but still a lot less boring than the 'Iron Fist' Cant quite me finished on a sunday night but a very enjoyable show with what you want, something to intrigue you but not enough to suck you into binge watching. 
Jessica Jones is not lost in what must now be an ocean of Marvel, it has a streak of Darkness best portrayed by David Tennant, who works a brilliant role of charm and psychosis that only he can.<br/><br/>the Lead protagonist is rather unballanced but you learn to enjoy the direction she goes in. <br/><br/>only down side is like any marvel menu item, its a little long (amount of episodes). could have ended maybe 3 before. What I like about the show:<br/><br/><ul><li>gifted not wearing stupid costumes - gifted not constantly oozing with glory and heroism - a convincing villain that demonstrates how powerful a talent would actually be</li></ul><br/><br/>What I disliked:<br/><br/><ul><li>too long - too many silly and unnecessary side characters - the conflict goes back and forth, back and forth - main character(s) constantly make stupid mistakes with dramatic consequences, very unprofessional - if they don't the stupid side characters step in and ruin everything so yet another episode becomes necessary - the ending was meant to be oh so smart but basically was rather bland</li></ul><br/><br/>I think 8 epsiodes would have been more than enough. after seeing JJ swear, drink whiskey like tea and go back into her broken office for the hundredth time, it just grows lame.<br/><br/>She did not convince as a private investigator, she is just an antisocial bi*** making wrong decisions without pause.<br/><br/>I don't know why they chose the actress that looks like Michael Jackson's younger sister meeting Neil Gaiman's Death, in the comics she clearly has brown hair.<br/><br/>The effects are just bearable but the whole series has a low budget feel to it. I guess they chose mind control over death ray for a reason as a plot. In some scenes I accept her or Cage being superstrong, in others it's just not convincing enough. They did a good job with Kilgrave (perfect actor) and put much more thought into what a sociopath like him would and could actually do with such a power. They should have kicked out the pheromone BS, though. Also the virus explanations are pretty lame.<br/><br/>I am going to watch Daredevil now, although he is one of the most stupidly looking costumed heroes I have ever seen and I never liked his story.<br/><br/>The very best about the series was actually the opening score. From wondered "and how did that bring on the story any further?". 2 or 3 times during the series it is just "reset and repeat" triggered by her boring and overdrawn neighbours.<br/><br/>Although they tried to show JJ's inner conflicts, they hardly convinced me.<br/><br/>A lot of potential wasted, yet still watchable series with quality going down and down after episode 5 or 6. Not one character that is particularly likable. The use of of sexual violence and emotional dependency is a dominating theme. Tennant does a great job as Killgrave. Ritter does a solid job but here character starts well but can't move beyond being a somewhat feeble, constipated, predictable, narcissistic hero/antihero. I hope there is more to Jessica than being the universal victim in the future. It would be OK to let Jessica have a moment or two of happiness outside of sex and booze. Break on through to the other side Jessica! If this series had been compressed into six episodes or had an alternate plot line it would have been more than tolerable. A step down from Daredevil. Fingers crossed on Luke Cage. Netflix' "Jessica Jones" (2015) is easily one of the best things in the Marvel Cinematic Universe; I'd rate it a 9 out of 10. It's smart, it's funny and it's extremely dark — I don't want to spoil too much by revealing the modus operandi of Season 1's villain, but his manner of destroying his victims is utterly disturbing. (I've mentioned before how his powers seem like a plot device from a Stephen King novel.) Although this series excellently retains a "comic book" feel (due in part to its episodic format), its story elements frequently feel like something out of a John Carpenter film. And, although I know I'm repeating myself yet again, this Hell's Kitchen niche of the MCU feels like its chosen stage for horror-thrillers.<br/><br/>The cast is excellent. Krysten Ritter is perfect as the titular, hard-drinking, antihero private detective. Mike Colter is nearly as good in the role of Luke Cage, another low-level hero in the Marvel universe. Colter's talent is evident by the fact that Cage could so easily come across as a one-dimensional character. (And, Jesus, doesn't the guy look the part?)<br/><br/>The story's villain, Kilgrave, is played by fan-favorite David Tennant. (Yes, the name "Kilgrave" is stupid and is lifted from the comic book source material. Its silliness is lampshaded in the series several times by other characters making fun of it.) Tennant is an actor I've abhorred in the past. There was no logical reason for it — there used to be just something about his voice and his face that made me cringe. It was a running joke for a while among me and my female sci-fi friends. (Good Lord, how the ladies adore that man.) My admittedly irrational dislike of the man even detracted from my enjoyment of the otherwise quite enjoyable 2011 "Fright Night" remake.<br/><br/>He's phenomenal here. He's perfect for the part, as Ritter and Colter are for theirs, and he was alternately menacing and quite funny. (He has perfect timing and line delivery, as Ritter often does.) I really liked watching him.<br/><br/>"Jessica Jones" might succeed more than any other MCU property in terms of dialogue and character development — although the "Iron Man" and "Daredevil" series also do great work there. (It's a tough call.) The show also seems to flesh out the MCU into a kind of "lived in" universe in a way that other Marvel properties usually haven't — by creating detailed, three-dimensional protagonists out of characters that have no superpowers whatsoever. They're not "sidekicks" (a trope that the script that slyly winks at); they're realistic characters that affect the plot. When one or two actually appear to develop superpowers toward the end of the season, the consequences are unexpected and dire. Furthermore, Jones, Cage and most of the other characters have power sets that pale in comparison to M.C.U. heavy hitters like Thor, the Hulk or the Vision. The result is that the MCU feels more  integrated and nuanced, with a blurrier line between superheroes and everyday people. I liked that a hell of a lot.<br/><br/>The show is not entirely without its failings. Despite what I said above about the show's attention to ordinary characters, I still think it went a bit overboard here. The character of Malcom (nicely portrayed by Eka Darville) began as a hugely interesting supporting character. So, too, did other residents of the heroine's apartment building. It was a nice touch that expanded the show's scope and depth  until the law of diminishing returns kicked in. By the end of Season 1's 13-episode arc, I felt that they'd received far too much screen time. The support group that one character attends started out as an intelligent subplot, but then eventually grew tiresome. (Again, I'm being necessarily vague here to avoid spoilers.) Towards the finale, I actually felt that these minor characters were padding the plot and dragging down the narrative.<br/><br/>Which brings me to another criticism — the narrative's length. This is yet another show that I felt could be edited down a bit. As much as I loved Tennant here and found Kilgrave to be an interesting villain, I'm not sure that Jones's conflict with him warranted 12 52-minute episodes. This could have been abridged to eight or ten, I think.<br/><br/>Another criticism I had of "Jessica Jones" was its fight choreography. For a show that succeeds on so many levels, the action sequences were sometimes surprisingly poor. Why do brawls between superpowered individuals include so much polite (and bloodless) grabbing and throwing? Especially when a single punch or kick could easily kill or incapacitate an opponent? The answer, of course, is that those kinds of melees are easy to film, with minimal training for the actors. It's especially noticeable here because this show's sibling, "Daredevil," has fight choreography that is some of the best I've ever seen. (If you're curious, then search for "Daredevil stairwell fight" on Youtube sometime.)<br/><br/>The rudimentary effects were usually even poor when depicting the title character's "jumping" scenes. (She has super strength, so she can virtually "fly" short distances by literally jumping.) These shots looked like something out of a primetime 80's action show.<br/><br/>All in all, though, this was indeed a great show. Don't shy away from it, as I initially did, because you're unfamiliar with the title character. It's among the best that Marvel has to offer. Started off OK, but the entire first season can be summed up in the following way: heroine catches sinister villain, but won't kill him, despite knowing he is very evil and must be killed because of all the innocent lives he has ruined. Villain slips through her fingers. Repeat over and over. That's it. Too mono-dimensional, and not enough material to be dragged out to 13 episodes, this should have been wrapped up in 3 to 4 episodes. I could only handle 3 or 4 episodes of this, but from what I saw it's much more of a vehicle to promote progressive ideologies than it is quality entertainment. We get it, there aren't many super hero shows/movies with female leads, but that's not an excuse to give this show a good rating. If you enjoy being beaten over the head with SJW- fueled garbage, or tend to express approval of things "because feminism" then you will probably love this. If you want to watch an exciting super hero show with the kind of action and plot you're used to, I would highly suggest avoiding this at all costs. From the start, the message of this show is "men bad, women good". It's not a subtle deep meaning type thing either, it's dumb, obvious, lazy crap. But seriously, if you're not a "womyn" who constantly refers to "the patriarchy" I would recommend spending your time doing literally anything but watching this show. poor screenplay, poor story line, poor casting, poor acting, poor directing, especially the leading actress and story line, That's the most horribly terrible fast-forward-till-the-end hero drama I've ever seen.<br/><br/>OK, 7 lines left, i have to say something more...let's talk about directing...how come a director made Jessica Jones a cheesy-tacky arrogant character and other characters suck too, they were just acting! not into the characters at all!. I can't imagine my dearest favorite DAREDEVIL will join Jessica Jones in the defender, It will be a disaster and destroy all my affection to DAREDEVIL!!! I absolutely loved Daredevil. With this show however, I am really disappointed. I am starting to wonder if companies like Netflix pay people off to leave good ratings for some series, because this does not deserve 8/10. I mean this show has failed in so many ways, and it's kinda frustrating since this could of turned into a good series. <br/><br/>The main characters make it feel like a soap opera! And the stupid sex scenes, along with Trish getting oral from the police man. What the heck is going on. Where is the darkness in this show? This feels like Sex in The City with a bunch of stupid drama and Monotone characters. And the plot is so ridiculous. How did they lose Kilgrave so easily the first time they captured him. And again, this lacks darkness. The main character was great in Breaking Bad as an addict, or in her Drama TV series, but she is NOT mean't for this. She's just not flexible enough. She's the same ALL the time.<br/><br/>So in SHORT: Too much sex or oral sex scenes,dumb drama, uninteresting main characters, not enough darkness, and stupid plots.<br/><br/>Im not only disappointed but bored already. <br/><br/>Can't wait for Daredevil season 3. Now THAT's how a Marvel show should be! I am not much into superhero TV shows but considering how much I enjoyed Daredevil on Netflix, I had high expectations from Jessica Jones. But I was thoroughly disappointed. It could have been a great show since it has all the ingredients of a dark and intense superhero storyline, just like Daredevil. But what drags this show down is the mediocre writing and acting. I watched Daredevil around six months ago and I still remember some of the riveting dialogs from the show. But with Jessica Jones, none of the dialogs induce any kind of emotions for me. And acting of Krysten Ritter is average at best. I think a stronger lead would have done loads for the improvement of Jessica Jones. Even the acting of supporting characters is nothing to write home about but then, they are not getting any favors from the writers. I generally don't binge TV shows, I watch one episode at a time. But with Jessica Jones, I only get through 15-20 minutes before I get thoroughly bored and quit for the day. This could have been another in the line of great television put forth by Netflix, but alas! I was anxious to see Jessica Jones when it was announced, but after four episodes I took it off my Watch List. Jessica is a mess. It is good to see, and I liked the idea of, a "super hero" having flaws. However, flaws is one thing, but being an irrational, overbearing, unintelligent, promiscuous drunk, is a bit too much. She is so obnoxious it is difficult to believe that Pam (her friend) and Jeri (her lawyer-employer) would put up with her and continue to help her. This show is simply annoying - I found myself fast-forwarding through most of it.<br/><br/>David Tennant, whom I enjoyed in Broadchurch, is wasted. Carrie Moss, as usual, is very good. The lead, Krysten Ritter, is not that good, she seems to think screaming and moaning are acting. I have seen her do better work, so the fault may lie with the writing or the direction. Regardless, it is very disappointing and not worth the time to watch. I really wanted to like this. I have really enjoyed pretty much everything which Marvel has churned out in recent years including their first Netflix developed endeavour in Daredevil which was nothing short of spectacular.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is one of those lesser known Marvel characters which allowed Marvel and Nexflix the opportunity not only to please the devout fans, but also to reach out to many more through online streaming services.<br/><br/>Obviously it has had success, receiving many positive reviews and already being commissioned for a second season, but I feel it splits viewers' opinions more so than other Marvel based shows.<br/><br/>I was excited to start watching it and see Marvel put forward a strong female lead engaged in an interesting, dramatic and twisted world of super-powers. But I found myself wading through the series only to be faced with generic, bland characters, a forced and dull storyline and a quickly fading hope that the next episode would show any sign of improvement.<br/><br/>The acting of some characters (Simpson, Trish, Wendy, Malcolm, Robyn) was at times cringe-worthy. I'm usually a staunch defender of the superhero genre and will usually overlook the occasional plot hole, a pinch of poor acting or bad dialogue for the sense of general enjoyment which the show/movie creates.<br/><br/>But this was quite a tough watch. Most characters are only capable of showing one emotion, or have one single facial expression through 13 episodes.<br/><br/>The formula of 'capture the villain; the villain escapes; slow-motion flashback; chase the villain' is repeated over and over to the point of amazement when it just slaps you in the face again.<br/><br/>David Tennant makes for an interesting foe playing Kilgrave, and the directors push Kilgrave's actions almost as far as possible without turning the series into a slasher/horror show. Although at times he seems to be going through the motions as a bad guy, he's the highlight of an otherwise bland cast of characters but not enough to save the show in its entirety.<br/><br/>By the end of episode 10 I had really given up, but dragged myself through the final three hours just to see it through. Part of me questions why I bothered, but at least I know for sure that I gave it a chance and still ended up disappointed.<br/><br/>I'm sure plenty of viewers will disagree with me and I'm glad they enjoyed it, but I just feel it fell so short of what it could have been. NO matter how interesting the plot line seems, it becomes dull, boring, and illogical after a point. If you are a fan of sherlock ( Benedict Cumberbatch) and expecting a similar show than this series is a huge disappointment.<br/><br/>for starters the lead in the role is a Private investigator and a former superhero but the detective part of the character is so weak that the sherlock seems a big superhero in front of jessica. And she isn't a good super hero as her abilities aren't captivating or interesting. <br/><br/>She seems so normal that when she is being defeated by villain, she is so weak. But than in every super hero story the villain is always stronger than the hero but here for the most silly reasons the villain slips away I mean at a point you start to think there are so many ways to catch a villain but she couldn't ?<br/><br/>And lastly the characters in the story are being pulled and inserted without logic and connection. Its better to watch True detective again that to watch this. NB : Review contains spoilers.<br/><br/>Why have I given this such a bad review in the face of so many good.<br/><br/>Well for starters, the character of Jessica is just plain boring. It is understandable that she suffers from anxiety and depression, however they have written her in such a way that she is simply a horribly boring character to watch at all times.<br/><br/>Mr Soprano also suffered from anxiety and depression, however when he lashes out at people they managed to portray his point of view that lead to his behavior in such a way that it was extremely entertaining to watch. With this they have not managed to make her interesting in any way shape or form, which is a shame because they really could have.<br/><br/>The other thing about the series that made me score it so low is the fact that they repeatedly depend on people acting in extremely unlikely ways to get the story going the way they want it to.<br/><br/>For example the first time that Ms Jones catches Kilgrave she is thwarted by the fact that Robyn her neighbour has gathered together all the people that Ms Jones got together that Kilgreaves has hurt into a posse who proceed to free Kilgrave and beat on Jessica. This entire scene along with many other are just pants on head stupid. One of the guys in the posse is a businessman whose jacket was stolen by Kilgrave, next thing he is part of a posse to break into a office and beat on a woman.<br/><br/>Again and again this series creates scenarios that are just too unbelievable. I do not expect the universe that is created to reflect realism at all this is a obviously a fantasy series. However I do expect the people in the series to act believably as humans would, this is what creates the dramatic interactions in a plot. <br/><br/>Real shame as well, because I really liked Daredevil and most every other Netflix production. This one was simply sub-par and at the end I was simply left angry at these hours Netflix stole from my life =) It didn't make me feel to sit and wait for next episode if I watch one. Jessica Jones looks stupid. She has superpower or not. Writers tried to stretch out the story. Story-line just doesn't hold , not at all catchy.<br/><br/>Let's taken a scene where Jessica caught Kilgrave first time and was taking him to a cell, kilgrave security attacked and she couldn't even stop 4 body guards. What the hell, she has enormous power. <br/><br/>Let's take another, she knew that Hogarth is so desperate and vulnerable. She left her with Kilgrave. What was she thinking. Writers certainly didn't make her character likable.<br/><br/>I only watched it because of Marvel's banner and it's on Netflix.<br/><br/>Thanks for shitty story-line! Jessica Jones has a lot of firsts for Marvel. First female superhero with superpowers (since Black Widow is just a ninja), first sex scenes, first in extreme gore, first true social commentary, first look at what could become a whole new level to the Marvel cinematic universe. Unfortunately, there were just too many firsts with this series. So many that it comes off as completely bloated and incoherent at times.<br/><br/>Let's start with the positives: > The acting. Krysten Ritter and and Rachael Taylor were a fantastic duo. The real star of the show, though, is David Tenant's Purple Man. WOW was he incredible. Kilgrave/Purple Man is probably one of the best villains in the history of superhero films, second only to the 2015 Kingpin and perhaps Ozymandias from Watchmen. The guy who plays Simpson, however, had the emotional range of a rock. He wasn't unbearable, but he took the stoic, hardened cop role WAY too seriously. > The tone. WOW is this show dark and violent. Several scenes in the last two episodes left me shocked that Marvel was willing to publish this show under their name. A major character dies after getting both or his arms chopped off and shoved in a trash compactor, and another is seriously injured by another character running around and slashing at them dozens of times with a kitchen knife. The show is SERIOUSLY dark, which is a great move.<br/><br/>Now the bad: > The script is god awful. There are too many subplots to keep track of, the dialogue is clunky at times, and the plot gets very repetitive, as well as failing to follow any cohesive sense of climaxing. Kilgrave is captured and escapes THREE TIMES through the entire show. Meanwhile, there is WAY too much of Luke Cage in this show. If he's getting his own series, why do we have to learn everything about him now? He should have been just a cameo if you ask me. Also, what in the world was up with that ridiculous loan shark episode? TERRIBLE choices with the script. They really need some new writers for season two. >Killing Kilgrave was a huge missed opportunity and was very anticlimactic. He could have been used again for sure in a later season or series. It's truly a waste of an incredible villain. > The social commentary. This show is by far the most blatant feminist propaganda I have ever seen in my life, which I feel brutally diminishes the quality of Jessica's character. We're presented with a damaged, broken, victimized character that has to suffer through her everyday life because of what Kilgrave did to her in the past, but did we really need to start off with that? Why would you choose to represent your first ever true superhero as a damsel in distress? Not to mention the social aspects of the show completely demonizes Kilgrave character and removes any sympathy we could have for him. He's just as damaged as Jessica is because he was literally tortured by his own parents, yet the script still presents him as nothing but a monster. I think they should have presented the characters as more conflicted individuals with varying points of view (as Daredevil did) rather than polarizing political caricatures.<br/><br/>Overall, is Jessica Jones a good show? Yes; I enjoyed it. it does have its glaring issues, but overall it's good and worth the watch. I rate it 5/10 Started off promising with a old PI sort of vibe with a bit of superhero thrown in. Plot was intriguing with a dangerous villain who controls with a single word and a back-story that seemed plausible. I started to like it in spite of the helpers who just got in the way and the tendency for Jessica to mope more and more. I also ignored the obvious loophole that duct-tape is the nemesis to a being that can control people with its voice. Then halfway through episode seven the plot meandered off the rational to the absurd with Jessica taking up residence with the psychopathic villain instead of snapping his neck like a twig for the greater good. But instead of simply killing him, at the end of episode eight Jessica seemed to have lost her marbles and makes off with the villains unconscious body, leaving one of her dumb friends to get blown up by a suicide bomber neighbour in the guise of a nosey old lady. At this point I decided I had other things equally as ridiculous to watch but perhaps not as well acted, like the goings on around the US presidential nominations. Every bit as good as DAREDEVIL. Comic Book TV done right! Finally we get a human "female" with gifts! I watched the entire season in two nights!! MARVEL has finally entered into television with Daredevil and Jessica Jones. Top notch abut viewing at its very very best. Some people are hard to please but ignore them, because they are usually bitter folks or simply kids with computers dumping their mediocre uneducated opinions on the net (because the can). They have no basis or context to write such negative reviews. Anyone bad mouthing this show is a true fool, a fool because any real superhero fan would be estatic at the chance to watch this amazing new show!! Before I started watching it, a friend of mine told me that Killgrave had just become the best villain in the entire marvel universe before his face even showed up on screen. I thought "wow, alright, let's see if it is true". And after finishing all 13 episodes of JJ, I can somewhat say it was true, that he did, that he indeed is. Of course, that's open to discussion but it wouldn't change the fact that Tennant did an incredible job out of it.<br/><br/>And it is mostly this that made me give it a nine stars. Did I watch all 13 episodes in a row in one day? Yes. Did I watch it with a grin on my face? Yes. Did it feel good? Absolutely. But one cannot help but think what if there wasn't a Killgrave in it, or what would it have been like if it wasn't Tennant who played Killgrave? Well, I probably wouldn't do any of those things I just said that I did while watching the series. Jessica Jones's character isn't intriguing, her powers aren't creative or interesting and they were mediocre in terms of delivering on screen.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones, on behalf of her character, is a reactor protagonist so to speak. She is not the one designating the momentum of the series. She just reacts. If the antagonist wasn't as good as Killgrave, the show would be a dull one, just like the character Jessica Jones is.<br/><br/>So, yes, the first season of the show as a whole was wonderful, I loved it, but its name is 'Jessica Jones' and I am worried about the show's future without a Killgrave. It can still continue to be awesome though, it's netflix after all. Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad I enjoyed Jessica Jones greatly, not as good as Daredevil, but one of the best TV shows on netflix<br/><br/>The pros: great writing, I don't remember hearing any awkward dialouge<br/><br/>captivating characters, you'll love or hate Kilgrave, a character kept secret through most of the season, and Jessica is a witty character still trying to deal with the aftermath of her experiences with Kilgrave<br/><br/>the atmosphere isn't so much dark as it is gritty and realistic, and you can almost forget that this universe is the same one the Avengers is set in.<br/><br/>The cons:<br/><br/>the pacing varies worse than in Daredevil, with some episodes being almost painfully slow and some being extremely fast<br/><br/>barely any action compared to daredevil, and the super-strength of Jessica removes the need for the elegance of the action choreography from Daredevil<br/><br/>WHERE IS STARK TOWER<br/><br/>Trust me, you'll enjoy the show if you enjoyed Daredevil I have just completed the series and have to say that Netflix with Daredevil and Jessica Jones has shown that Superhero TV show can be so much better than a 90mins superhero Movie. Jessica Jones is excellently made series with a super villain Killgrave with his mind boggling mind controlling abilities, excels in every class.The characters are well suited for their roles . Krysten Ritter portrays a messed up superhero Jessica Jones, who doesn't really display her super strength much throughout the series, however the story line with action and suspense keeps you glued. Her super abilities will perhaps be more visible in the following seasons. Will highly recommend this show. Season 1 from me gets a solid 8/10 maybe even a 9/10.
Season 2 gets a 3/10<br/><br/>Season one was a well written season with a thrilling lead character & enjoyable side characters. Esspecially Jessica's men in the season. It was one of the best shows that has been put out by hollywood in a long time.<br/><br/>Season two however, is extremely predictable, so much so it's actually ludicrous.
I didn't like any of the side characters storylines from season 1. And the SJW & metoo propaganda was smelled so much I had to take a break for a few days before I continued.<br/><br/>I watched through the entire season and it's by far the weakest of the netflix marvel series.
If they keep this up, or make it worse I will simply stop watching as Ive done with the CW superhero shows.<br/><br/>I wish Netflix could be a solid business, make political comments in the show sure. but, don't sell it so hard. Don't tell us what to think. Marvel and Netflix ventured together to bring Daredevil... which turned out to be one hell of a show!! So they continued to get another show and that is Jessica Jones!!<br/><br/>The show is dark and slow... just like Daredevil... and Daredevil picked up the pace during the episode 4 of season 1......... but Jessica Jones gets straight into it from the end of 1st episode... the end of episode 1 is bound to make you binge watch the complete series!!<br/><br/>But I seriously have no idea why Jessica Jones is rated as a superhero... because she doesn't have any superpowers, to be frank!!<br/><br/>Yet another reason to watch Jessica Jones is because The Defenders arrive in 2017... which stars four Marvel superheroes... Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Iron Fist and Luke Cage!! I personally think that I've wasted my time watching this series. At first, I thought the show is great because of many recommendations and high rating on IMDb but I don't think I can rely on IMDb's vote ever again.<br/><br/>These are my comments : 1. Shitty plots 2. All characters are weak 3. I don't think Jessica Jones are fit to be on Marvel's. 4. Draggy episodes and lost my interest at 7 episode.<br/><br/>I only have one word for this show : LAME !<br/><br/>I personally think that I've wasted my time watching this series. At first, I thought the show is great because of many recommendations and high rating on IMDb but I don't think I can rely on IMDb's vote ever again.<br/><br/>These are my comments : 1. Shitty plots 2. All characters are weak 3. I don't think Jessica Jones are fit to be on Marvel's. 4. Draggy episodes and lost my interest at 7 episode.<br/><br/>I only have one word for this show : LAME !<br/><br/>I personally think that I've wasted my time watching this series. At first, I thought the show is great because of many recommendations and high rating on IMDb but I don't think I can rely on IMDb's vote ever again.<br/><br/>These are my comments : 1. Shitty plots 2. All characters are weak 3. I don't think Jessica Jones are fit to be on Marvel's. 4. Draggy episodes and lost my interest at 7 episode.<br/><br/>I only have one word for this show : LAME ! I really enjoyed the first 6 episodes of this show, then I think the story had run it's course, but they decided to just string along for another 7 episodes. The finale to me felt like it should have occurred way earlier.<br/><br/>I am hopeful the next season will be paced better. By episode 6 everything that was going to happen was pretty much on the table and they just dragged it out. In my opinion if this had been a 6 or 7 episode season, *maybe* 8 episodes it would have resulted in a much more satisfying experience.<br/><br/>So overall I'd give the fist half of this show an 8 and the last have a 4 and give the show overall a 6. What draws me to a movie or TV series:<br/><br/>1. Based on a comic book series? Yes and bonus.<br/><br/>2.a. Has at least one favorite star? At the start, none. After, I'll be checking out Krysten Ritter movies and shows. Maybe even Doctor Who.<br/><br/>2.b. Any hot actresses? Not really but Krysten Ritter looked good in jeans. Now,I'm team Krysten <br/><br/>3. Do I like the majority of the actors and does anyone ruin the show at all?<br/><br/>Mad Men, Castle, Walking Dead, New Girl, Smallville and House of Cards are examples of shows I like just by cast alone. I now add Jessica Jones to the list. Only one I didn't like was Hogarth's secretary. <br/><br/>4. Do I care about the characters? Minimal. I don't like Brian Michael Bendis' writing but his ideas are good.I sort of like Luke Cage at best. I checked out Alias but when I saw it wasn't the TV show in passed on it. But, by the end of season one I'm definitely interested in Jessica Jones and will get some Kilgrave aka Purple Man stories. <br/><br/>Final say:<br/><br/>Definitely like Jessica Jones more than Smallville, Arrow, Flash,Constantine, Supergirl even Wonder Woman and 60s Batman. I'd tie this up with Walking Dead but it's still only one season so I'll have to wait and see. With the end of Mad Men I needed a new show and Jessica Jones is that new show. There are problems with the superhero genre. Even the most die-hard fans wouldn't deny that. But Marvel Studios' television department is hell-bent to solve them, and the results have been stupendous. But, if their nearly flawless run on Agent Carter and Daredevil hasn't been enough to wow you yet, you might just want to sidle down the seedy Hell's Kitchen back alley even Daredevil only glimpsed. There, you'll find Jessica Jones (more than likely slumped over with a bottle of whiskey) – darker, more mature and robust than its already stellar predecessors, and the single most intuitive, relevant, and groundbreaking take on the superpower narrative since Tony Stark made a MySpace joke. <br/><br/>Less of a household name than Thor or Captain America (hell, probably less of a household name than Jessica Drew), Jessica Jones originated in 2001 in response to an outcry for grittier, uncensored comics for an adult readership. It's a maxim showrunner Melissa Rosenberg grabs by the horns and runs with, blending neo-noir PI iconography with superheroic moralistic naval-gazing as a framework through which to unflinchingly push the envelope on tough issues. It's not your average superhero yarn – hell, not your average show – which has the guts to interrogate rape culture, abusive relationships, trauma, and the messier, more complicated truth of healing so frankly and in such depth, let alone weaving them in so effortlessly around wall-shattering fight scenes and the inevitable-but-somewhat-tiresome plugs for the umbrella Marvel Cinematic Universe. Just watch the way Rosenberg addresses an abortion subplot (just one of the show's laundry list of "you'll never see this in an Iron Man movie" moments) – frank, thorough, but brusque, no-nonsense, and offhandedly matter-of- fact, just like her gumshoe protagonist. Thematically, the show isn't subtle in turning mind- controlling arch-foe Kilgrave into an allegory for coercion and abuse of consent - in one ingenious exchange, he complains that he can't distinguish between his demands and consensual acts (eat your heart out, Justin Bieber). Regardless, it's a painstakingly, necessarily thorough manifesto, and more nuanced than first impressions would have it (pay attention to how many characters, in the cleverly integrated 'Kilgrave support group' or otherwise, speak only in declaratives henceforth as a ripple effect). <br/><br/>That may all sound pedantic and talky, but the show is anything but. Slow-burning but pulsing with nerve-fraying urgency and peppered with confidently sly, snappy wit, Jessica Jones is so ferociously addicting, it's almost as if Tennant's Kilgrave commands you to binge- watch the 13 episodes without pause. It's also a handsome watch, with vibrant cinematography gliding through the bruise-hued neo-noir scenery, exploiting the colour purple for all its sickly, creepy ambiance, perfectly transposing the smoky grit of the comics. And, although the show isn't as combat-heavy as its superheroic contemporaries (fights are comparatively few, but thrillingly brisk), don't be duped into thinking the show is an easier watch than the gruesomely pulpy Daredevil. Jessica Jones' psychological violence is hard- hitting enough, but, as the season progresses, the gore amps up to extents previously unseen in any Marvel product. Thankfully, Rosenberg never skimps on the fun amidst the darkness, allowing warm beats of character growth for her entire supporting cast(!), and utilizing every possible outlet for an acrid Krysten Ritter one-liner. The show isn't perfect – unwelcome, jarring patches of stodgy 'TV-writing' flare up throughout, and a couple of mid- season episodes squirm uncertainly, evidently stalling the central conflict, while a later- season subplot involving Wil Traval's combat stimulant-abusing Simpson ('Nuke' in the comics) is interesting but out of place, distracting from the climaxing Kilgrave conflict. But Jones' warts-'n-all aesthetic is infectious, and the catharsis of watching Rachael Taylor's Trish Walker conclude her somewhat-Stockholme-Syndrome-y relationship with Simpson via beatdown is justification enough. It's the small things in life, as Ritter would quip. <br/><br/>Indeed, it's largely thanks to the freshness of its central two characters that the show flies (or, at least, like Jones, clumsily super-jumps). Ritter is a triumph, nailing Jones' withering sarcasm and hilarious and poignant flurry of flaws, steadily evident as armour for her inner anguish of PTSD and guilt. It's a precarious balance, but Ritter pokes all of Jessica's human buttons, making her acerbic affability consistently watchable. The inspired casting of David Tennant as Kilgrave provides her a perfectly grotesque foil, continuing the Netflix/Marvel run of spectacularly developed villains compared to their bland big-screen counterparts (though no purple skin, even in a climax teasing it - boo). Tennant cleverly grasps that Kilgrave's true evil is in his sociopathic, whimsical nonchalance, and plays his charisma, charm, and quirky humour to the hilt, making him insidiously, disgustingly, and guiltily hard not to like, even as he offhandedly compels characters to see how long it takes them to bash their head through a wall, among countless unfathomably horrific acts. The supporting cast, though less flashy, is uniformly excellent, with excellent work from Taylor, Traval, Eka Darville, and, especially, the magnetic and morally ambiguous Carrie-Anne Moss. Finally, Mike Colter's guest-starring Luke Cage matches his behemoth physicality (and hilariously unflappable fight style) with a smooth, calm charisma masking glints of fiery emotion - easily compelling enough to carry his own show. <br/><br/>Raw, dynamic, and essential viewing as it is, Jessica Jones is unapologetically a stepping- stone for further work to come. Like Daredevil, key narrative questions remain (somewhat infuriatingly) unanswered, but this isn't entirely unwelcome. By devoting itself so singularly to Jones' resolution of her Kilgrave trauma, Season One's narrative can feel somewhat drawn out and repetitive – thematically necessary, but occasionally trying. Several of the season's liveliest moments are departures when Jessica is just allowed to be her cantankerous, drunken PI self, pursuing other cases, and her richly sardonic characterization shines. We can only hope that later season(s) will grant her the pleasure of more episodic, less haunted, adventures and mischief. We've seen her go through hell – now, let's see her live. Just don't ask, or expect, her to smile. <br/><br/>-9/10 After the phenomenal Netflix daredevil series I was really anticipating jessica jones and it did not disappoint. The premise sees a former superhero who is now a PI get involved in a case which brings her back to a man called kilgrave who is obsessed with her. Now when I first heard that krysten ritter was going to play jessica jones I wasn't sure it was going to work but she definitely proved me wrong. She was really good in this series, you can tell that she is a good person that is down on her luck that you want to root for. But she is also a wisecracking individual that hasn't fully lost hope. Mike colter plays Luke cage and he totally owns the role. The chemistry between him and ritter was great and he was just a great character. I liked trish, jones best friend and I thought she did a good job of providing allot of good comedic and dramatic moments with jessica. Malcom was also a pretty good character working with jessica and providing a nice parallel. Like daredevil this show focuses allot of time on its villain kilgrave played by David tennant and I loved him in this series. He was such a damaged guy who had a personal reason for the things he was doing, you learn allot about him and it makes you realise like Wilson fisk that there is some humanity there. The story of jessica and kilgrave is enthralling and I loved there confrontations as they play a game of cat and mouse. However, I felt like some of the side plots were a little dull, like the lesbian divorce or the secondary romance. The script is great with allot of funny dialogue but it knows when to take itself seriously and show heart. The style is very dark and gritty and it works really well following on from daredevil but I do feel like the action scenes could have been done a little better. I get that she isn't daredevil or an avenger but I wish they had got a bit more crazy with it. Overall this is a great first season for the show and I hope we see more. To me, this show feels like a throw back to an earlier time in comics related media. Unfortunately, not in a good way. The show feels dark and edgy in an effort to seem "grown up" in a way comics did in the eighties and nineties. It's the way teenagers sometimes hate the things they liked as children in an effort to appear grown up. I find it a little disappointing that this show has been reviewed so well at a time when superhero TV shows had appeared to have moved on from that and have grown up and embraced their roots.<br/><br/>I'm not a prude. I don't mind nudity or violence if it serves the story and it's the story that's the problem. It's just too bleak for me. I'm sick of heroes who are cursed by their power and I certainly don't need a villain as vile as Kilgrave, there's enough of that in the real world. Shows like The Flash have shown that it's possible to do great characters with great stories even while utilising some of the stranger elements of their source material. There are even great shows with female leads in Agent Carter and Supergirl. All those shows have an energy to them that Jessica Jones lacks because no one in it has any joy.<br/><br/>I love the MCU and I wanted to see the Netflix shows come together and see how they fit into that universe. So it's really sad that I just don't want to watch this to the end of it's first season. I think it's the first superhero show I've ever quit. But, I'm not going to endure this when there are so many good superhero shows on television right now. I usually don't review anything on IMDb, however after finishing binge- watching the whole first season of Jessica Jones, I felt obligated to.<br/><br/>First of all, this season has everything; action, drama, horror, comedy. After the first few episodes I was at the edge of my seat for every episode. It has a way of always surprising you in different ways for each episode that goes by. <br/><br/>I recently watched Daredevil and LOVED it, and so I had a hunch I would at least like this one as well. But after watching Jessica Jones I can honestly say that I loved it just as much, if not even more..<br/><br/>So if you liked Daredevil, this will definitely satisfy you! It is by far my favorite superhero series on Netflix. It has awesome writing, great cast, scary villains, and great story. I got to watch all three seasons after the series ended, so the mere fact that I couldn't peel myself away for watching until it was over makes a difference in my review. This is the reason I love IMDB. By and large the reviewers have nailed it. The weak link in this series was the writing. I am not sure how the writers room worked in this series but if there was a lead guy who laid out the overall story and then left it to a bunch of junior guys as his support team to fill in the details, the support team went belly up. In the second season it sounded like it was written by a bunch of 10th grade remedial boys in a private school. I feel bad for the actors that actually had to say such banal stuff. They should keep Jessica Jones on and not end it great show This was an enjoyable series to watch, season 1 got me hooked on her story, more specifically the pain of loss (Jessica) and the desire to have something that you cant have (Kilgrave).<br/><br/>Season 2 was a little dissapointing yet still enjoyable to watch, the story was easy to understand yet there was no distinct villain . This show is worthless. Season 1 showed great promise. Season 2 showed viewers that this show DIDN'T deserve to be renewed. Yet Netflix cancelled Daredevil? Boycott Netflix. I think this was a very good show and in many respects better than the first season. There is a villain (or two), but this time it's much more insidious, because it comes almost from within. The second season of Jessica Jones takes a deep dive into things hidden and buried and affords us a good look into the central character's background, psychological make-up and everything that's defined her so far. Suffice it to say, that the issues tackled are very difficult and of course, painful. This is what makes the second season of Jessica Jones so emotionally gripping and powerful.<br/><br/>I'm happy that it was renewed for a third season. Its bad, nothing more to tell. very bad show. I don't want you to waste your time This show is entertaining, but is the least fav of mine in Netflix MCU. Jessica Jones herself is a nice character, but is too underpowered. All she has, power-wise is super strength that is nothing compared to Luke Cage's strength. Season 1 of this show was the best so far, and that is because of Kilgrave, played by the Tenth Doctor, who of course dies at about the end of the first season.... That was a huge mistake in the writing... He MADE that season. He makes a one-episode appearance in season 2, but is an hallucination. Also, Jessica Jones does not even have a healing factor...She gets shot in the head and it's all over... She is a good PI, but as far as being a superhero, or anti-hero, she is not that powerful. This show has its list of characters, but a few are worth giving a crap about. Jeryn played by Carrie-Ann Moss of The Matrix is one of the most pointless characters of the show... She has entire drama-based stories focusing on her in this show that have NOTHING to do with the show... Most of her stories are about her lesbian life.. (Not that the fact that her character is a lesbian is a big deal) But, we get this divorcing her ex-wife while she is already dating another woman, it's just a bunch of pointless crap that is not even MCU material at all. Not to mention this really cringe-worthy crap focusing on her lesbian lifestyle that is shown in scenes...also this terrible cringey scene with her dancing "exotically" in front of a bunch of a hookers while high or drunk in her apartment... It's disgusting and this actually did in canon happen in the MCU world...while the Avengers are fighting Loki or whatever they were doing at the time. Another thing, this show has the most sexual material shown in all of Netflix MCU.... It's so stupid.... There was absolutely no point in putting in all these random sex scenes in this show. This is not what MCU is about. I hope Kilgrave comes back to fix this mess. If it were not for this villain, I would drop the rating down to a four or a three. I would add detail to season 2, but it's really no better than season 1. Jessica's Mom shows up, adding to Jess's story, and her Mom for the record is a neat character, and it made season 2 a little more interesting, but Trish kills her for the dumbest and most selfish reasons at the end of season 2... Idk. this show is just nothing compared to season 3 of Daredevil which is the absolute best of Netflix MCU. Well, I've finished watching both seasons.<br/><br/>Season One was the best Marvel season on Netflix. And it's not really close in my mind.<br/><br/>Season Two? .... not so much. Strong first few episodes but dragged after that.<br/><br/>I will stick with it because I love Krysten Ritter.<br/><br/>Hopefully season 3 has enough material to make it a worth season one successor. Boring and pointless.. I hope they cancel it and pretend it never happened. My star rating is for Season 1 and I'm going to let it stand because, in my opinion, Kilgrave is one of the greatest villains EVER to be portrayed on film. David Tennet is beyond terrifying on all possible levels and Season 1 of Jessica Jones is my favorite of all the Netflix Marvel shows.<br/><br/>That being said ... Netflix can't seem to do a decent Season 2 to save its life... and that's across the board. Season 1's they do EXTREMELY well but all of their Season 2s have been very poor by comparison.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones unfortunately is no different. Where season 1 had a terrifying villain and a nail-biting crescendo to the finish, season 2 just kind of meanders along without tension or build toward anything. I found the mother survivor story to be boring, I found the Hogarth arc to be unnecessary, and I was extremely disappointed in the lack of cross over. It's just a huge dud. Extremely disappointing since Jessica is my favorite character. I really wanted to like shows and characters involving the Defenders. I enjoyed Daredevil a lot. I really like some of the actors involved with the projects. So why can't I like any of these shows? I finally came to the conclusion that it's the terrible writing, some very bad acting, and horrible pacing.<br/><br/>Every series for the individual Defenders characters could have been cut in half. Luke Cage, Jessica Jones, Iron Fist -- All of those shows could've been done in 5 or 6 episodes. None of them needed 10 shows, much less 13. Had it been done that quick, I would've enjoyed it a lot more. They are all veeerryyy drug out. I watched the first 4 episodes of JJ, falling asleep almost every episode, and quit watching. Then saw Netflix was going to make several series with individual characters and end up with a whole other series of "The Defenders", Combining the characters, so I picked JJ up again. I struggled to get through 10, thinking 10 was the end. Then I realized it's 13 episodes. Ugh. It's painfully slow. Half the dialogue is very forced, like they are just jabbering to fill time. So I moved on to Luke Cage -- same thing. Then I moved on to Iron Fist. Same thing. I didn't hate them. I just didn't love it either. Not terrible. Just not good or engaging. After not being able to make it through an entire season of anything but DD, I've come to the conclusion that I'll either wait for Daredevil 3 or skip all of them altogether. No Defenders for me. No Season 2 for any of these except DD. I may try Punisher, but I'm not going to give it many episodes if it looks like it's running at the snail's pace the other ones run at.<br/><br/>If you can't write a tight show with interesting dialogue in 3 out of 4 shows, why would I watch a fifth show containing all the characters? The point of ending up with The Defenders as a series, is to hook people with the individual stories to start. They didn't do that at all, and it's a shame. The story is there. It's the writing and pacing that is not. What can be said about "Jessica Jones" that hasn't been touched upon already? The first season is close to a masterpiece, with just the right amount of tension, trauma, and a bit of gore (in the later episodes). For those who don't mind darker shows, "Jessica Jones" is certainly one to queue up; now!
To describe Jessica (played by Krysten Ritter) as simply prickly, is to do her a disservice. We uncover more about her past in the second season, but her debut season paints her as the cold, cynical anti-heroine with a biting wit. She's been hailed by critics as a feminist, but to me, Jessica Jones is not just an empowered woman. She's physically strong, but also deeply complex, not to mention emotionally-fragile (even if she'll deny it) with personal issues to boot. Still, Ritter's portrayal of Jones, along with an excellent haunting performance from David Tennant as Kilgrave, makes the first season one to tune in for. I would even go so far as to say this is one of Netflix's best originals...although the sexy scenes add little in the way of backstory or plot, and are definitely there "just because" it's a mature show. <br/><br/>So, as you can see, I loved the first season. I watched all 13 episodes when they first hit Netflix, over a 2.5 day period - the fastest I've ever binged any show maybe like, ever. Needless to say then, I was PSYCHED for the second season to drop, and drop it did...in quality, and characterization, that is. In JJ's sophomore season, we have characters making stupid decisions left and right, and a depressed and mostly-shut-down Jess actually - connecting - with not one, but two new supporting characters. Now, characters are allowed to grow, just like actual live people, but to show Jess in this way, in my opinion, undermines the backstory she was given earlier on. I don't condone all of Jessica's life decisions, but they make her who she is - the hard-drinking, terribly-flawed cynical badass whom I've come to love. In the second season, I feel a lot of her actions and choices are completely out of line with the character we know. The writers seem to have thrown her independence, her commitment issues (OK, well, she does still have commitment issues) and other aspects of her personality out of whack with instances of romance, the search for family, people "like her", etc. I'm not saying she shouldn't have any of that. But if these concepts were on the drawing board to be explored, the writing team should have done so methodically, step-by-step. Truth be told, Jessica Jones is damaged goods, and I'm extremely skeptical that she'd let other people into her inner circle quite so fast. <br/><br/>All in all, the second season starts fairly promising, but it suffers from a lack of focus, and poor continuity with the first season. In an effort to bring more drama into the world of "Jessica Jones", they created a muddled mess of mommy issues that plagues Jones's character throughout the season. <br/><br/>And may I end this review by saying: the "I'm itching to find my true self, to find people with abilities like me!" plot line is extremely overused. I'm glad they didn't fall down that old rabbit hole but there were parts where they were close...<br/><br/>JJ gets a perfect 10/10 from me, for the first season, but the second season is not so lucky. Factoring in the most recent 13 episodes, it's a 7/10...and only because the first season is so damn good. I will not take up a huge amount of time with this review, but Jessica Jones follows the "Superb first season, average, does-what-it-says-on-the-tin" second.<br/><br/>The first season throws superb acting, great plots, emotional dilemmas and an insight into what being "powered" is actually like. It comes with a huge peril of darkness, and Jessica's death-plagued past only adds insult to injury. A special mention to David Tennant, as he showcases his typical superb acting skills and is a more than worthy villain for the Marvel MCU.<br/><br/>The second season, I did enjoy a lot. However, it just was not up to first season standards. I am not sure whether it is because the first season was that good that I had a very high bar, or whether it was actually just not as good. Or maybe both? It was just too slow, certain characters seem to divert from their normal, conventional personalities we see in season one and they become everything we don't want them to be. This can be effective when a character changes unexpectedly as it throws suspense on the audience and can leave you in awe, but it must be executed perfectly otherwise it is a disaster waiting to happen. Unfortunately, season two just does not deliver in terms of action, pace, and making you get out of your seat.<br/><br/>Here's to season 3. <br/><br/>To summarise - A great show, but definite room for improvement. It started out in the first few episodes as a promising heroine with "superpowers" vs a more evil person with a different empowerment, but soon started to fall to the cheap and stupidly thought out TV created serials you see being mass produced today. If you're going to have an everyday human with special "whatevers" make it plausible to an eighth grader at least. First, plot get's the tiresome series of hero mistakes to continue the series for at least twelve episodes. In this case not only does our female heroine keep making the same mistakes over & over, but people continue to die though out. Also, subplots of stereotypic flawed lawyer; flawed parents; flawed cops, etc. Second, worse still she is super flawed and selfish which doesn't help the viewer be on her side. Her adversary who enjoys killing for sport with his super control actually, at times, comes across as more understandable & likable. Third, heroine has super strength and jumps high, but it's never clearly explained how acquired. Anyway, besides the two gifts having no connection our physically skinny (thus not believable) heroine though out shows major inconsistencies in her application of these super skills. As for our evil super person he controls people's minds, but not clear if it's telepathic or he has to verbally instruct. The later seems to be the case so the solution is wear ear plugs or play loud music, etc. Also, didn't make high school basic biological sense that his skill is because he was given a virus. Fourth, cheap cinematographic tricks of camera showing only a little of super skill, e.g. heroine lifts car, but you only see back of car; heroine jumps really high, but you only see feet going up (and not the tethered line); lots and lots of tossing people/things (another cheap camera angle trick) which got really boring. Fifth, seems as if producers "borrowed" the highly successful & regarded Rooney Mara (Salander) look & feel for Ms. Jones.<br/><br/>Conclusion: Show has promise if they invest more in props/CGI. Hire some intelligent writers. Think outside the box. Enroll in middle school science classes. This has great photography and will sit well with lovers of New York, strong willed heroines and working class values. The show genuinely presents some very interesting characters, in fact, sometimes the second tier players are more original than the stars. It has explosions and fight scenes but doesn't trump Daredevil in that, and is a show of more light spaces. It could have done with some CGI and, though competent, greater advantage could have come of the characters with powers being seen doing many more original stunts and soliloquies, either publicly or just mucking around and unseen. <br/><br/>Jessica Jones has a really great heart and a genuine bond to neighborly love and friendship and this is a magnificent plus. A slight minus however is the slow and seemingly repeating plot line. For example, because of a disc fault, I watched discs 1, 2 and then 4, missing 3 completely, and hardly noticed any bump at all in my understanding of what was happening. Most will forgive the show that foible however due to the truly magician performance of David Tennant. <br/><br/>Jessica Jones involves an intriguing premise and will be remembered as original comic book movie making.<br/><br/>This isn't quite noir, but it has obviously been inspired by noir, and on that note Jessica Jones is doing very well indeed. Jessica Jones is maybe one of the least expected Marvel character to have her own series, but now we have it, and it works. Brilliantly. Set in New York, Jessica Jones is an ex-superhero who decided to start a new life by being a detective while simultaneously fights crime and bring justice with her own hands, even though she is still scarred by the past that made her retire.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter did an amazing job portraying Jessica Jones. Each supporting cast of this series also brought something new and strong to the table. One cast that I (and everybody) likes to mention is David Tennant. You can really feel the menace and the madness of Kilgrave throughout the series.<br/><br/>I also liked the increasing dark and heavy atmosphere the series has. Although several of the plot points may seem irrelevant at first, they somehow made their way back to the main narrative and works perfectly.<br/><br/>Overall, it is an excellent drama/action series to watch, even if you're not a comic book fan. Jessica Jones is not better than Daredevil ,ok now lets write down the good stuff about her. This series took a very bold step by putting in as a protagonist an actress and it paid of thanks by no small part of the the great performance by Krysten Ritter and the the rest of the cast. Also the tenth Doctor is in here and his acting is just as amazing as before, well done David Tennant!! A bonus fact is that Jones is not a very known character like daredevil, so this series pretty much had a lot of work to do and boy was a good one. Here ,unlike with Daredevil , we have an anti-heroine which is not by definition a good girl (Not any bad word about Krysten, in real life she as good as it gets), but she tries her best to pull herself together from a PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ,for those who do not know) and in the end you are going to root for her. The second Defender, to conclude, made a great intro and I was pleased by the series ,if you have not see it ,go check it out this well made drama/detective series. I started to watch this series totally on the basis that David Tennant was in it. Iw was a roller coaster ride to say the least. It is a great change of character for David from Doctor Who, but he is very believable as Killgrave. I found the rest of the cast very talented as well. This really is a dark, gritty, and violent series, but many shows are. My only dislike was that the plot did become predictable as the series progressed. I could probably watch anything with David Tennant in it as he is a truly wonderful actor. It does take an ensemble cast that meshes well to make a good story and overall this cast does just that. Overall, it was a good series. *** Mild spoilers below ***<br/><br/>In a time where feminist allegory is becoming mainstream (Mad Max - Fury Road) and where the core characters of critically acclaimed TV series are now well-written women (Fargo) it's clear what the intention behind this series was: let's make a dark, gritty, neo- noir superhero show about women. All good so far...<br/><br/>Only Jessica Jones doesn't quite hit the mark. The elements are there - complex relationships between female characters, reference to the results of an emotionally abusive past relationship with alcoholism and impulsive sexual behaviour on the part of Jones, difficult ethical questions are raised and so on. But it just isn't deep enough.<br/><br/>What makes this the Golden Age of TV is that shows are character- driven - that is, the imperfections of the heroes and anti-heroes define the atmosphere and the minutiae of their interactions directs the flow of the story. Fargo, True Detectives, Broadchurch, Breaking Bad and all those other Nordic and Northern European crime dramas have a real richness and you're not left thinking "what will happen next" so much as "what will X do next". The personal journey of each character is key, and that's where Jessica Jones falls down.<br/><br/>At a very important level, the interactions between characters are clichÃ©d and many scenes exist to develop the story rather than develop the characters' relationships. So, for example, when Jessica Jones is confronted with a man left on the edge of life thanks to the villain and he asks her to kill him she simply says that she can't. End of scene, move along. When Jones' best friend puts herself in danger on the radio and Jones storms in to stop her, her friend reacts with... well, not much really. Her super-strong friend has just acted violently towards her and it's as though nothing happened. The opportunity to question the relationship between Jones and her friend Trish - namely, that Trish may be attracted to Jones because Jones is quite a lot like her own abusive mother and that Trish may actually be afraid of Jones - is missed.<br/><br/>I think the problem is this: in the Marvel Universe the troubled characters have to have something we can identify with in a good way. In the complex noir TV dramas of the 21st century this is not the case, their power comes from our ability to identify with the character's negative sides. Jones should make the lives of those emotionally tied to her much harder than she actually does, but she can't because Marvel Universe doesn't allow for this. The good guys may be difficult people, but they always contribute positively to the lives of those around them. They can never be anti-heroes.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones could have been the ultimate anti-hero for the modern age. This could have been, if written with greater sophistication, the best TV show around. Better than Fargo and better than Game of Thrones. But it just isn't brave enough. If only the premise for the show had been simply "Jessica Jones destroys the lives of the people she loves". Are we supposed to like Jones? Yes, and that's the problem. I am genuinely shocked by the low reviews.
Jessica Jones is a fantastic series with a hugely dark tone. The acting is superb, specially David Tennant as Kilgrave, and the story is gripping right till the end. As other reviewers have mentioned, Season 1 was utterly genius, Season 2... not so much. I was convinced after watching the second season that the show couldn't work without Kilgrave, whose psychological menace provided one of the most compelling hero/villain dynamics I've ever seen in a superhero franchise. Season 3 has completely proven me wrong.<br/><br/>While there's still room for improvement - I did find myself skipping through some of the subplots such as Jeri and Malcom's respective relationships - Season 3 features all the unexpected twists and turns that made the first season so brilliant, as well as the signature "noir" style that season 2, in my opinion, failed to achieve. Though the action was somewhat slow at first, from episode 4 I was on edge of my seat right up until the last minute.<br/><br/>If you're considering watching this show: watch it. If you stopped watching after Season 2: I understand, but watch Season 3. It feels now like Jessica Jones has found the perfect formula, which is why it's such a shame that Netflix decided not to renew. Personally, I really hope someone else picks it up. David Tenant is great. He continues to do a great job and bring a level of excellence to anything he is involved in.<br/><br/>However, given that he does a great job, you could almost strip away every scene in which he doesn't appear and have seen all you need to see for this 'extrapolated' short!<br/><br/>Personally I cannot stand movies or shows that add 'fluff' to keep the kettle on the boil and this one does it again and again. I believe the TV series that never made it beyond the first season attest to this. In my experience the failed ones generally display this trait.<br/><br/>I don't want to take away from the great acting of folks like Krysten Ritter, Mike Colter and Carrie-Ann Moss because they did a wonderful job and held the threads together very well. But I believe that it is actually an insult to put talent like that into a situation where they cannot excel is a shame.<br/><br/>Basically I gave this a three because of the acting ONLY. The story could have been told in three episodes and everything else was mediocre at best. I will try to keep this very simple. If you are an avid TV series watcher, this TV show will most likely entertain you, but not satisfy you.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is not a bad TV show by any means. It has everything it needs to be "entertaining".<br/><br/>But Marvel is trying WAY to hard with this show to close the gap between the shallow entertaining MCU movies and the more "demanding" deep meaning TV show crowd.<br/><br/>In the past few years the entertainment industry learned, that with deeper, more meaningful content, people can be baited into watching TV, as shown with Mad Men, Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones etc. And there is a LOT of money to earn with this kind of demographic and this show tries to pitch in on that demogrpahic, without actually accommodating the demographic.<br/><br/>It barely scratches the surface of "what could be" and sadly relies on "what already is" right from the get go. It doesn't take longer than episode 4 to make the ENTIRE series rely on the MCU(Marvel Cinematic Universe), to please the crowd. Referencing the Hulk and Thor directly, which is just sad. As if the whole genre couldn't exist without the success of the Avangers movies...<br/><br/>Once again, Jessica Jones is not a bad TV show by any means, I feel like I have to emphasize on that. But it's not nearly as good as it COULD have been, if it wouldn't rely on the MCU that much.<br/><br/>The cast is well chosen, especially Kryten Ritter as Jessica Jones seems like an obvious choice, and David Tennant as the antagonist is almost like a match up made in heaven. There is so much potential in this cast alone, that the generic plots and average scripts, based on todays quality of TV shows, just makes you think of what could have been and what actually is.<br/><br/>In the end it all boils down to Marvel being more than confident that whatever they throw towards their demographic, they will eat up happily, without any complaints, but compared to actual "original" TV shows, Jessica Jones is just what the majority of the MCU movies are. A people pleaser, without any real depth.<br/><br/>That by itself is not a bad thing by any means...there are a LOT of TV shows out there who could wish to be on the level of quality of Jessica Jones, but that doesn't change that Jessica Jones is missing out on a LOT of potential.<br/><br/>If you wish to be entertained, give this TV show a shot. It is on the level of TV shows like King of Queens, or the early TBBT and TAAHM seasons. But aside from that it doesn't have much to offer, just be aware of that and you should be fine. This won't be another Breaking Bad, or ANYTHING like that. As long as you are aware of that, you shouldn't be disappointed. It entertains, but just barely. This is not an exciting superhero show. It's easier to watch than Arrow or Shield, has better characters than Gotham, but isn't as good as the Flash, which isn't saying much. I want to like this more because it stars a female lead in a comic book TV show, but I don't. Krysten Ritter isn't a leading actor. She doesn't have the charisma. She's a sidekick. And Mike Colter's line, "You let me be inside you" was absurd. He's a man, not Glenn Close from Fatal Attraction. Men don't talk like that. Sometimes actors need to say no. Actors need to stop performing bad dialogue and start speaking up about it. This show has sexy lesbians, super-strength, invulnerability, mind control, and yet doesn't keep me thrilled. In one fight scene, Mike Colter aka Luke Cage gets stabbed in the neck with a broken bottle with no effect. That was as good as the show gets. This show is, "I'm worried, my relationship is messed up, I'm misunderstood, 20 minutes of bitching, and then prevention." Does Jessica Jones want to be a superhero? No. Does she care about right and wrong? When it suits her. Is she capable? At breaking doors, yes, of friendly conversation, no. Why should I care? Because she's a victim? This show is weak. Jessica Jones is a another hit from Marvel, having tons of action, wit and a new element of mystery and psychological horror. The show dives down into the dark, uncharted themes of sexual abuse and rape, which is new to Marvel. The show handles these sensitive topics maturely and with respect, as Jessica suffers from severe PTSD after the traumatizing events she incurred at the hands of the main antagonist, Kilgrave.<br/><br/>The positives are definitely the acting performances of Jessica and Kilgrave, played by Krysten Ritter and David Tennant respectively. Jessica is a sardonic, no-nonsense detective that has a sharp wit equal to RDJ's Tony Stark. Kilgrave, however is a serial rapist and murdering sociopath that uses mind control to make his victims torture and kill themselves for his amusement. Despite this, Kilgrave always maintains a sense of sophisticated elegance where as if you didn't know his backstory, you'd never believe he'd be capable of such horrendous acts. The performances by Mike Colter as Luke Cage and Eka Darville as Malcolm are also standouts, with each actor making their respective character's transformations seem believable and engaging.<br/><br/>The negatives, however are few and far between. The character of Hogarth in the show is so far distanced from the comic version that the only real thing they share is a name. The entire sub-plot of Hogarth's divorce seemed to only be present as an excuse to give her a reason to help Kilgrave. Aside from that, the entire sub-plot could have been cut and the show could have still been enjoyable and comprehensive. Every time Hogarth appeared to simply bicker with her wife and new lover, it only resulted in bringing the narrative to a screeching halt. The character of Mike Simpson (aka "Nuke" from the comics) is handled in a bizarre fashion, with his motivations being extremely unclear towards the end of the show and his sudden transformation to a murdering psychopath seeming out-of-nowhere to viewers unfamiliar with the comics.<br/><br/>As for nitpicks, I was disappointed to see Jessica's backstory changed in the show when it was really fitting and served as the integral plot twist in the original comics that made her into the hard-boiled detective she is today. In the comics, Jessica was originally a super-hero named Jewel who was peppy, loved helping others and was an all-around friendly person. That all changed though when she met Kilgrave, who captured, brainwashed, raped and tortured her for a period of 8 months. The fact that no one came to look for Jessica, (including members of The Avengers, whom she considered friends) caused her to give up on serving humanity and being a hero for good after her escape. These events change her personality into what is later seen at the beginning of the series. In the show, all of this is ignored and changed. In the show, Jessica was never a superhero and her original superhero costume and name are used solely for the purpose of a throwaway joke. She simply saves a girl, dressed as a sandwich and soon afterwards, is approached and kidnapped by Kilgrave.<br/><br/>My other nitpick are the sex scenes, which was a controversial inclusion from the original comics. In the comics, it's explained Jessica sleeps with people simply because she wants to "feel something", to know she's still alive. It's a result of her PTSD and an important plot point to explain the extant of what Kilgrave put her through. In the show, there's no purpose to the sex scenes at all. Nothing from the comics is incorporated into the sex scenes here, making them appear pointless and more of an annoyance than anything else.<br/><br/>My final nitpick is the handling of Jessica's PTSD, and unfortunately, it falls into the same pitfall as "Iron Man 3". In the early episodes, it's showcased perfectly how much Kilgrave messed up Jessica. She has flashbacks, outbursts, fits of anxiety and has to implement special therapy she learned to help her cope. You'd think that as the show builds up to Jessica and Kilgrave's reunion that she would suffer from this even more, to once again witness her own personal devil in the flesh. But that only happens once or twice, after that Jessica just.. gets used to it. I say this because in the show, after meeting Kilgrave personally so many times and seeing all of the people she cares about being killed around her, the flashbacks, anxiety, fear and need for therapy fade out of the plot entirely. The narrative tries to convey this as Jessica slowly overcoming her fears and past trauma, but fails at it. The audience is left wondering, "the more things Kilgrave has done to brake Jessica's mind, the easier it is to shrug off". This is similar to how Tony Stark's PTSD was handled in "Iron Man 3", where he suffers heavily from it in the beginning, but somehow miraculously recovers halfway through the movie. The people at Marvel seem to think PTSD is a temporary illness, like the common cold and people simply get over it with time. But PTSD is a serious thing and never truly goes away. I wish the matter could have been handled better, but I digress.<br/><br/>Overall though, I enjoyed "Jessica Jones". While it isn't as compelling or investing as Daredevil, it's still a great adaptation of the Alias comics and I'll definitely be watching it again in the near future, along with Season 2. <br/><br/>Overall Score: A- Possible Spoiler Ahead! Overall, Jessica Jones was another outstanding entry in the Marvel universe. Not so much a "superhero" show as it was a pure drama with "superhero" aspects. I never grew to "love" the lead character but I think that was the point. I did, however, grow to respect and admire her. The villain, played by the screen eating David Tennant, was spectacular in depth and creepiness! That ma is awesome on screen. I did grow fond of the tortured Malcolm and tragic Luke and Trish was a great grounding character. I was pleased that they were subtle and sparing with "Easter eggs" but I loved the cameo by Rosario Dawson as Claire Temple. I would highly recommend this one This is the best series I have seen in a while, up to the level of the first season of House of Cards.<br/><br/>I'm confused by the reviews that say this is not as good as Daredevil. I couldn't make it through Daredevil, but Jessica Jones had me interested through a binge-watching weekend! The storyline is that of a "realistic" superhero - a woman with flaws and difficulties, in addition to a past she is trying to forget. Yet, she has abilities. It is played out as if it could really happen in everyday life, rather than just in the cartoon superhero world.<br/><br/>The characters are believable and identifiable (different from Daredevil which did not have good characters in my opinion).<br/><br/>Further, in every episode there are small pieces of the storyline to come. I am now watching it for a second time to "catch" things I missed the first time around.<br/><br/>Acting is fantastic, and I am excited about the second season already! Too bad I have to wait for that.....<br/><br/>Seriously don't miss this series!! As someone said before me: I really tried to like it... Sadly, i don't like it. Ritter sucks. Actually the whole casting sucks, and the writing is inconsistent and poor. This show could be much better with better casting. Ritter looks like she's genuinely bored, but hey, maybe they wanted her to look like that. Well, if i see only one sole true emotion from the lead actor in the whole show - that can be either funny or just simply boring. This one is not funny. Rating 8.8 is unbelievable... I really love Marvel, but J.J. sucks. And yeah, about the title Super-hero sex... It seems that when you find out you can have super-hero super-sex, that's the only thing you'll ever do.. Just bang till you drop, every day. Rich writing, what can i say.. I rate 6 just because it's Marvel. If a series deals with intangible issues, psychological pressures and mishaps and inner turmoil it is quite difficult to portray it effectively on TV. It can easily loose balance on either side. Jessica Jones does very nicely but you have to delve into it and watch it esp the tiny changes in background color or flashbacks to see how well it is done. In my personal experience I had this sense of foreboding for a evil mastermind when I was watching silence of the Lambs. David Tennant even before appearing created this for me in this show. The guy has amazing ability to portray versatile characters. In the modern shows , though I don't watch many I found the lead female from "Orphan Black" is as versatile. I cannot forget that even after being a huge Doctor who fan for a long time I didn't recognize him immediately in the role in Harry potter as Barty couch Jr. Also I just saw Matt smith as the evil Genesys in Terminator Genesys. Gosh these "Doctors" are really something. But coming back to the show it is not so gruesome and gory as daredevil ( I dislike gore and cannot stomach it) but it quite a show :). Well done netflix. Live long and prosper Let me start by saying, I was really looking forward to this show and gave it a solid chance, but the amount of blatant and purposeful feminazism and average, at best, writing made this such a disappointment. There was less feminazism in all the season of Orange is the New Black combined, than the first episode of Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>The feminazism hits you like a truck, within the first few minutes and keeps piling it on. The only strong characters in the show are women, except Luke Cage, which they had to show him as a strong male figure due to him having his own show. Although, if they portrayed Luke the same way, there would be no hope for his spin off show. <br/><br/>Other than Luke Cage, every male is show as either weak, psychotic, close minded or pathetic. <br/><br/>I think the actors and actresses did the best they could with such a lackluster script. Krysten Ritter pulls off a great performance and plays Jessica to a T, with her timing and cold demeanor. David Tennant gives such an incredible performance as Killgrave that, I found myself rooting for him the entire series. <br/><br/>Mike Colter's acting, on the other hand, is so abysmal, I kept thinking that Luke Cage would have been so much better if Michael Jai White was given the role instead. (He played Spawn in the movie)<br/><br/>Overall, it's an okay show to pass the time with, but is not one I would watch again after I have seen it. The amount of blatant sexism in the show makes it quite cringe-worthy and irritating. I don't even know how this series even lasted for 3 seasons. It was so boring and slow that I regret wasting my time with it. Not even a single thing caught my interest. Worst series ever. I'm baffled by the number of positive reviews regarding this show. I decided to watch it when I read reviews stating it was a "masterpiece of the small screen" and "a must watch"
Frankly, it started ok but soon became a bit boring and repetitive. It took a massive nose dive once Luke Cage was introduced because that guy is one seriously bad actor.
There were too many characters which felt superfluous and quite unnecessary.
I was glad when it was over and I absolutely will not be bothering with the next 2 seasons.
On the plus side, Krysten Ritter was very good, as was David Tennant. Just a shame they had little to work with Once again, Netflix uses its "TV-MA" rating as an excuse to ruin an otherwise interesting concept for a show with scenes that push the envelope but provide little substance. The self-claimed "grittiness" of the show adds nothing to the story or character development and is just a way of flaunting and abusing freedom of expression.<br/><br/>I heard some buzz that this show was intriguing, but I didn't make it past the first episode. I wish I could scrub my eyes and mind from the things I just saw. I'm learning that when Netflix Originals are rated "Mature," they really mean "Immature." Writers could use coaching here: just because you can doesn't mean you should, and a skilled artist would be able to imply it all without filming it all.<br/><br/>Intriguing story, but viewers will have to dig through a lot of mud to sift it out. Great series. Series 3 a bit disappointed though. They need to team-up Jessica & Trish to stand up against the evil Sallinger.
Reminded me a lot of Holmes & Watson against Moriarty. The first season of Jessica Jones was in my perspective amazing, refreshing, interesting. The story and acting was so good!
But then came season 2, the beginning was not so good when you compared it with season 1. But still when you bite through the bad beginning a nice story comes through. With the same good acting and a great charachter development.<br/><br/>So I am really excited for season 3, and see how the charachters and story develops So many plot holes, terrible writing, pathetic character development. Season 2 took a while to get into but it was worth it. There is no 1 clear villain, for all the characters are battling their own but it is deep, thoughtful and well developed. The acting is superb and the plot is very good, even made me tear up a little. The direction of each episode was great but the last 3 were clearly outstanding.
With the cliffhanger of Trish, I can't wait to see where they go with season 3! After a tremendous first season, Jessica Jones' second season is very disappointing and on par with Iron Fist season 1. Spoilers follow: The decision to omit a villain and resurrect Jessica's mom was a poor plot choice. Jessica is even more unlikeable and uncharacteristically makes irrational decisions. Trish's story arc was also unimpressive and Hogarth's story arc was also somewhat pointless. The only guy I was rooting for was Malcolm who's story advanced to a certain degree. 1-The main character is a bad influence 
2-The sex scenes is too much that I cringe everytime it happens 
3-We haven't seen her Abilities other than breaking locks and doors 
4- The bad language in this show is worse than the story No idea why anyone would consider this a decent show, let alone a good to great one. <br/><br/>The story is so slow. It lacks the development and intrigue that Daredevil has. And a fraction of the action to make up the difference. It should have been a 4 episode story arc. But 13 episodes is brutal. It's juvenile in it's plot and arc. The screenwriter worked on The OC and Twilight, and it shows. It's like a teenager wrote a script while trying to pretend they were an adult. "Like, this is what it would be like if adults talked..." It's supposed to be a private eye noir theme, a thriller, but it's not. It lacks that type of engagement.<br/><br/>The characters development is terrible. A main character you care nothing for. I mean nothing. This is clear in how little you care that she's an alcoholic. You want her to suffer in the show, she's so miserable and treats people terrible. She isn't empowering, she's pathetic. She's aggravating. Kilgrave is the highlight and he's barely in it, through the early part of the show at least. The characters with mild sympathy, like Luke Cage or Trish Walker, aren't strong enough to help.<br/><br/>Spoilers: The writing! Using swear words doesn't make it good writing. Having sex scenes doesn't make it good writing. Creating girls with attitude doesn't make it good writing. Writing lesbians into the plot doesn't make it good writing. Introducing abortion doesn't make it "edgy". It's stilted, corny, unimaginative. It doesn't unpack the way other stories do that are far better. <br/><br/>Skip this one and watch DD instead. This show really sucked me in. I didn't experience this since Breaking Bad. I was just so surprised, after being so disappointed with the much hyped Daredevil that never really took off, Jessica Jones was a pleasant surprise. I was going to watch a few episodes and let my wife catch up if it were any good - but no. I watched all of it, I couldn't wait!<br/><br/>I starts slowly but after a few episodes it slams you with a shocking turn of events.<br/><br/>The villain of this season is a major drawing point and he freaks you out with abilities that you have rarely seen on a screen, really creepy and scary.<br/><br/>The supporting cast also fits really well into the whole picture, I just really recommend this show. Its not perfect but nothing is and the flaws are minor. I gave it a 10 because it deserves it.<br/><br/>Its so good that I am afraid season 2 will never manage to live up to it... I will have to warn everyone that this TV show can be too much for you. There will be scenes like sex or people die in a very cruel way. I do feel very weird after watching this so remember that this is totally not for people under the age of 16 or 18. I am 16 and I have already felt that way after watching it then you shouldn't let kids watch this. Also to people that have sensitive minds or just very easy to get traumatize should not watch this at all because it will totally messed with your mind.<br/><br/>I'll be honest that I was really surprise that Kryten Ritter was acting as "Jessica Jones". I'll tell you why. The reason is that after watching "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23", I get this impression that she can't act as a hero or at least not that main character in a super hero TV show. However, I was wrong, Her acting is so perfect that I don't have any complain about it at all. I mean, she has to be such a great actress because she can act in 2 characters that has so much differences. LIKE A LOT DIFFERENT !!! For me that is such a success to an actor. <br/><br/>OK. I will stop talking about Kryten Ritter. Now on to the TV show!<br/><br/>I could say that I am now a big fan of movies or TV shows like this and for me"Jessica Jones" (2015) is really good. Anybody that is the same as me should check it out immediately after reading this review, of course. Its atmosphere is a lot different from super hero movies or TV shows like " Flash", "Arrow"... because of its gloominess. Right from the beginning it has already started like that. Therefore, I was quite surprise with the style that it was going for. Though it was new and fresh so I really did get interested in it quite fast.<br/><br/>The story is really sad because unlike other heroes, the people around her keeps on dying, even when she tried her best to save them. A lot of them died because "The Purple Man" want to manipulate or black mail her. He doesn't use his power on her in the beginning but he threatens to kill people around her in the cruelest way he could possibly think if she doesn't come back to him. To a lot of people, she seems to be a danger because if it wasn't for her, innocent people would not have to die. For me, I think she is special, she is a hero, if it wasn't for her, I think he would have ruled the world by then. No one is perfect, not even people with special power, they are just like normal human, they have feeling, they have family, friends and lives so sometime the criminal will use it as a weak-point. Also let's just face it, we make mistake all the time, does not matter if it is on purpose or not. We will just have to fix that and not make that mistake again too many times. Anyway, in the end she did fix it and I was really happy about that because she can kind of live a normal life for now.<br/><br/>After watching this, I was so eager to find out if there would be a season 2 but there hasn't been any confirmation yet. Also they will probably be making another series call" The Defender" which there will be " Jessica Jones" in it. That maybe why they have to postpone "Jessica Jones" season 2 because they can't do 2 series at the same time. Therefore, let's hope for that there will a season 2 and try to be patient about it. Thanks for reading this review!!!!! Before i watched the show i had already read about Jessica Jones but like Daredevil and most of other Marvel's movie this show gave me something which i didn't expect. Whole theme of the movie was so different from it predecessors, dark and dirty feel of the (movie which i didn't like in the beginning) was so MAGNETIC i couldn't take my eyes off. Especially Kilgrave by David Tenant (i love this actor from Doctor Who) was charismatic even though Kilgrave was selfish bastard who doesn't give f*ck about others i personally believe Kilgrave truly loved Jessica in his own twisted, childish, but of course one sided way. And it was somehow sad when his most well deserved death occurred. And if you haven't watched the first season sorry for spoiler but you really should watch it.This is one well made piece of work If superhero's were real they would probably have a lot in common with Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>Jones is a flawed, self abusive, character who seems to exist on ever shifting emotional sands. She's angry, cynical and occasionally happy. In other words, she's like a lot of people we know and to a given degree, people we might be. <br/><br/>Indeed, the world Jones occupies is replete with a cast of interesting, very real characters, believable people who happen to have extraordinary skills and abilities. <br/><br/>The storyline for this series is, not surprisingly, rather good too. Its dark, with a heavily psychological emphasis. This is balanced by a considerable amount of action. There's a lot of violence too. For me, perhaps a little too much violence. The torture scenes,in particular, were, for me, distasteful and did not shine a terribly positive light on the lead character. <br/><br/>That said, Jessica Jones is, for the most part, an above average series, employing a capable and talented cast. If you don't like the typical, glossy, superhero stereotypes, you should find this series, refreshingly different.Seven out of ten from me. I gave it 6 stars because clearly the show has been expanded unnecessarily up to 12 episodes. Jessica Jones is not a superhero per se. She is a kind hearted person who wants to help people around her and it is this apathy of hers that the antagonist, Killgrave takes advantage of. As the story goes, Killgrave can control minds and under his influence, Jessica commits a heinous crime which haunts her even after she escapes his control. Under his influence she kills Luke Cage's wife and it is this guilt that haunts her. She tries to make contact with Luke Cage thinking that there can be some retribution, but eventually he finds out and leaves her with another angst filled episode of brooding. For a person with Jessica's powers and intelligence, taking out Killgrave would've been so much easier, especially if she would have enlisted Cage's help. He has impregnable skin, that would have come in handy. Instead she enlists the help of her best friend Trish Walker who learns how to fight and defend herself (Krav Maga) and does precisely nothing when they capture Killgrave the first time. Also a cop who is able to fend off more of Killgrave's bodyguards than Jessica who has powers but somehow gets overpowered by 3 men wielding stun batons. Then they capture him a second time, and she bungles it up again, allowing him to escape one more time. There was no need for the show to drag on for this long. We get montages of Jessica Jones drinking, Jessica Jones sulking and most of the time I think due to budget constraints her using her superpowers is implied. Daredevil on the contrary was fast paced, the threat was very real and the motivations for Murdock to become the daredevil made sense. <br/><br/>Luke Cage is introduced but hardly used. <br/><br/>The best thing I liked about the show is David Tennant in the role of Killgrave. Clearly the moments when he appears on the screen are the best moments, especially when he uses his 'powers of persuasion'. If you're watching this show you are watching it for Killgrave. Jessica Jones(the character on the show) is boring. First off, this is not a typical superhero gig. It is much more a detective noir feel with some horror due to the villain. Second, this show is a slow burn build up and not a power versus power show. Third, this show is gender flipped and if you are not willing to deal with that and all it entails, you are going to miss a fantastic take on the genre.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is embodied by Krysten Ritter who does a great job with the character. She starts as a bitter, snarky, hard drinking detective doing crap work for people looking for the worst in their relationships. When confronted with the truth, they either go into denial or refuse to do anything about it. <br/><br/>We slowly learn that JJ has come out of a period where she was a slave and toy for a villain, Kilgrave. We learn about the guilt and self- loathing felt by JJ. We see that people (including others not just JJ) feel used and guilty despite the fact that they could not stop themselves from doing what Kilgrave told them to do. We learn that despite a world where there is a Hulk and an alien invasion, no one believes the victims that they were powerless. There is the blaming of the victim which is definitely an allegory for this type of male abuse of women. <br/><br/>Kilgrave is the absolute best characterization of a villain I have seen in the MCU or elsewhere in a long time. He has significant power over people and yet has no aspirations to take over the city or the world. He is just concerned with his own desires and comfort. His neglect of everyone else along with his statements that he hasn't done anything wrong, the victims have make him the most realistic depiction of a white male abuser under the guise of this superpower. He is all too realistic. All too scary in what he can do. All too mundane and pathetic.<br/><br/>The show is the lead up to and finally the breakthrough/redemption of JJ in dealing with this monster. The show shows the wreckage in humans along the way as Kilgrave is happy to use people as pawns to protect himself or get what he wants. Characters you think are throwaways become actual people that you feel bad about dismissing just as JJ does at first. <br/><br/>You meet other significant characters, JJ's adopted sister, Luke Cage, Officer Simpson, Detective Clemmons, and Jerri Hogarth who are not perfect either. I won't go into it but the relational issues between JJ and Luke Cage are really well done.<br/><br/>I absolutely loved this show. As with almost all hero shows, its plot is sometimes driven by stupidity and moves that make no sense in order to get certain results. I dropped the rating from a 10 to a 9 because of the number of missteps but this is nothing new to these shows. I absolutely recommend this show to anyone willing to put in the time to let this show play out. I cannot wait for the next installment. Short version, I think that Jessica Jones is a terrific show, equal to Daredevil in quality although its own new creature in a variety of ways. That being said, one's enjoyment or lack thereof with regard to this show is going to depend quite a bit on what you are looking for. It's not going to be everyone's thing.<br/><br/>First of all, I want to say that Krysten Ritter knocks this one out, and she is the big attraction here, playing the title role. Not David Tennant, although he does a great job. You watch this for Jessica, and Ritter absolutely makes it work. The cast is very solid across the board, and Rachel Taylor in particular stands out, a pleasant surprise as Jessica's friend.<br/><br/>Some have claimed that there is no story arc, or expressed frustrations that the villain--Tennant as Kilgrave--isn't quite the shadowy, diabolical figure that the trailer suggested. On the first point, I think that there are indeed several story arcs, the most obvious related the young woman Hope. But the real structure of this first season is not a big, physical quest. Rather, it is a seemingly endless cycle of one- step-forward, one-step-back, which represents the sense of inescapable futility that Jessica feels, as long as Kilgrave is at large and his machinations are at work. It is supposed to be circular and exhausting-- that is the type of long-form tension that this show builds.<br/><br/>On the point of Kilgrave, it is indeed something of a misdirect that we expect him to be mysterious and menacing in the typical fashion of a comic-book villain. In fact, the source of his menace isn't mood lighting (okay, there is a purple lighting-motif used to accompany his presence in Jessica's mind) or anything particularly frightening about his appearance. Rather, the true horror that emanates from him is not about what he does or even why he does it, but about what he makes other people do. And it is very horrible. He is a different kind of monster, and this is a different kind of show.<br/><br/>Anyway, most of the ingredients in the show are quite strong. The music, the look, the subtle depictions of superpowers. The one thing that I think does not work is the character played (very well) by Carrie-Anne Moss. Her motivations and form are somewhat unclear, and the subplot involving her personal life just does not quite gel. It seems like the one plot thread that was contrived to make the whole overall story fit together, but without the believable writing to earn itself on its own.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is an outstanding second Netflix series from Marvel, nicely complimentary to Daredevil. It breaks new ground and introduces several character whom I hope to see much more from in the future. It is very graphic and disturbing at times, so viewer discretion is advisable to the extreme. "Dark" is right. Jessica Jones is intense and - not depressing but, well - dark. Bad things happen and we *almost* have no hope, *almost* but Jessica keeps persisting in not submitting to being dragged into despair. Most of the characters have more depth than a lot of comic book characters and we get back story, as the series moves along. You wind up caring about almost all of the characters, even the badguy(s?), in Jessica Jones which, for me, is a big deal. If I don't like the characters, I won't watch the show. Sure, the premise is weird: it's a comic book! If you don't like comic books, you won't like this one. But, if you like surprise action, interesting character development, caring interpersonal relationships, and thrilling twists and escapes, you should give Jessica Jones a try. If I could give it an 11/10, I would. People keep comparing this show to another Marvel-Netflix conjunction, Daredevil. Now they may be two Marvel shows set in Hell's Kitchen, but Daredevil is a Crime-Drama, whereas Jessica Jones is a Psychological- Thriller. Comparing the two should not be fair. But lets face it. Jessica Jones >> Daredevil! This show has everything beautiful about TV shows. Characters which may seem weird at first but you love them anyway. Something you learn from Game of Thrones is how certain character-flaws can drastically change the course of the story. This show mirrors that. A dark theme which gets darker every time you finish one episode and play the next. Humor to lighten the mood as the intensity and pressure of the mystery progresses. A great story-line which is satisfying as the mystery unfolds. Twists and surprises in every episode which would make your adrenaline stir. Fast-paced so you barely have time to react to the jumps. This show captures the dark side of Marvel which hid in the folds of ABC and the Marvel Movies. Severed heads, sex, psychological drama, it has got it all. This show took me on a roller-coaster ride. At first I thought it was a solid 8/10 and then as I passed the halfway mark I felt it was a 9/10 and after finishing the show I can say it was definitely between a 9/10 and a 10/10.<br/><br/>One thing the show does amazingly well is the development of the main characters and although it starts off confusing, it does a superb job of building the character "Jessica Jones" into someone that you feel like you understand.<br/><br/>Overall the show has a very crime investigation feel, while also being extremely graphic and raw so you're bound to feel a lot of emotions you don't normally feel from television but in the end it really makes you fall in love with the characters and I must say if nothing else then watch it for the superb acting of David Tennant who does an amazing job of portraying his character. Personally I thought that season one was very good and I never got bored but as with most shows the later seasons became very boring. Definitely watch season 1 don't bother with any of the other seasons. I like Jessica Jones, but can someone explain to me why this boring and meaningless storyline of Jeri Hogarth is present in the series? Is this done to increase the timing? The 1st season was a masterpiece, David tennat created a perfect Kilgrave/PurpleMan while Jessica Jones shines in Krysten Ritten interpretation, the other actings are excelent too, with combined with and awesome story, with nice timing and structure, created a memorable 1st season. The 2st and 3st seasons, however, decreased in quality but had never become bad, just good. Some decisions in the story made 3st season weaker them it could be, and for both seasons the necessity of 13 episodes was terrible: a lot of moments had to be extended to full this request and the story lost timing with this, looking sometimes boring. However, Jessica Jones has a really nice story to tell in all seasons, and do so in a really interesting way, creating carasmatic characters in a noir atmosphere that makes everything really interesting and nice to watch. A good experience, with remarkable moments, and worth to see! The first season of this show is on par with some of the greatest shows of all time, it was so unique and completely unapologetically brash. Season 2 started out promising but sort of lost it's charm as it progressed, and season 3 inexplicably went in a completely different direction and left me wishing they hadn't made it.<br/><br/>It gets 7 stars because of how good the 1st season was, but it does peak there. Plowing through season one. She could have ended the kilgrave situation in one episode. Unfortunately, dumb plans, wasted opportunities, and poor judgement have been her hinderance. I don't get why she didn't kill him at the first available opportunity. It's not like she's Captain America. She's more like Deadpool. Just take him out of the equation. Kilgrave is making her look stupid. I'll keep watching. It has very high online ratings. Hopefully I'm missing something and it will get better. Just finished season 2. What a waste of 13 hours. I'd give the first season a 9 and the second season a 2. Jessica's character in the second season is a nonstop-self-pitying, uninspiring, entitled, complaining brat. All she does is complain.
I wish there was a villain in the second season but nope - just a bunch of miserable boring broken "good" characters that the audience is supposed to relate to.
I wish there was a thrilling plot in the second season but nope - just a string of unmeaningful side stories and mini-events that were attached together artificially. I wish there were interesting characters in the second season but nope - they literally kill off every intriguing character within the first few episodes of this season.<br/><br/>The series went from being a clever thriller to being a draging soap opera.<br/><br/>My advice: Watch the first season. Avoid the second season and watch Daredevil instead. The latter is better in every way - better story, better cinematography, better dialogues, better characters, better action, everything. The faults of this season has to do with the story and the characters. While season 1 had a strong performance from David Tennant as the Purple Man, Kilgrave and his relationship with Jessica Jones was the strongest part of the show. Now that he's gone, part of what made the first season great is lost. They do bring him back in one episode as someone who's haunting Jessica for her sins and it works really well. It takes a traditional super hero trope and instead opts for a more personal story. This was an enjoyable show with lots of strong female characters. It's good to see a marvel series from a female perspective. It is worth noting that David Tennant stole the series and I am not sure it would be as good without him. He's plays and excellent character I found him hilarious. At 13 episodes it is too long, 10 would do it easier and make it more enjoyable. I enjoyed the show, and like many transition from Daredevil to this show. While the show is good the characters seem 2D, hard to relate to, and the storyline seems copy and pasted together. If you pay careful attention to the plot you'll notice little holes (characters suddenly knowing things they haven't found out yet, heros and villains making blatantly dumb decisions, etc). However, having said all that it was worth the watch, though those little things would bug me Season One is a brilliant trip through the mind of serial control freak and the chaotic mis-adventures of Sam Spade style detective. Humor, Pacing and Story Structure all 10+*
Season Two is just a directionless mess with poor pacing, and crap dialog. Not sure what the difference is between season 2 but please wright the ship because Season 2 SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Season 1 was good and season 2 was going no where.,just a waste of time I really interested to watch this movie. But i got bored cause the movie is really boring. Like...Jessica's problem was only Kilgrave but it took her the whole season just to chased Kilgrave and ended up with nada. And it seems like she didn't use her power well, like she could fly...or jump or whatever, but she rarely use that power. I was just too bored to watch the season 2. What a waste of time. Just watched the first episode.
Looks like it could be worth staying with BUT ...
<ul><li>why the need for a lesbian side-story?</li><li>why the need for a steamy sex scene?</li><li>why such a miserable close?</li></ul>This episode would have been just as captivating without these unnecessary scenes. Gee's they can't seem to follow the comic book, its so straight forward. There is no villain, cameo, and worthy plot direction. Mostly filler episodes. Season One was great, but this was broken very un-Marvel. Who ever directed these episodes stick to the comic instead of creating non-sense.<br/><br/>"Alisa Jones is a different story, though she still doesn't resemble the Alisa of the show at all. Her relationship with Jessica isn't ideal regardless of the context, with The Wrap reporting that things are "strained" between Jessica and Alisa in the comics as well." Ok, i'm gonna make this short and sweet review because I don't like to reading essay for review. So i won't make you read mine. Ep1 -> Ep6 there's no consequences or rewards seen in Season 1 that push main character forward. This is like a brand new story nothing mention related to the 
Defenders too. So take it as it is new story that explore Jessica origin how she became a super. There's alot of drama but to the good drama...more of SWJ or feminist propaganda type of drama. Ever seen? Outlander main heroine. Ya.... it's that type of drama... more of the touchy and freely show. I wish the execution was better here, because the foundation for Jessica Jones still feels essential. Here's a superhero narrative where the heroic figures are ex-drug addicts and ex-cons, victims of literal rape and victims of symbolically rapistic shadowy institutions. After playing the trickiest role in season 1, Jessica continues to shine as a powerful woman in a paradoxical space: In every scene, Patsy still seems beamed in from a much glossier network drama, but her arc turns extremely topical (before it starts to trend ridiculous.) another character in the shows that seems like REALLY major miss opportunity by show on the Asian side villain of this show. But instead he became a comedy punching bag of the show. <br/><br/>Ep7 -> Ep12 by this time in the series, you wonder why you don't feel for any of these people?I really blame the director, producer and writer of show for that. There was no direction or Motivation for any these characters or why is there a lost of logic in the way they are thing.
Like from Season 1 - Patsy is well liked famous sister that was suppose to be the rock to Jessica's crazy isolated smart ass, well trained like hawk eye to become a super hero. Season 2 becomes jealous willing to kill to get super powers??? like what????? oh ya the main villain of this season is weak 
might as well have no villian at all would have made this show even better. <br/><br/>Ep 13 -> Everything felt rushed and you find out your best friend/adopted sister killed your mom. I mean like wow.... lazy writing? there's a falling out of course between the two, friend area all gone from Jessica and that concludes the season 2. I swear if the director, producer and even the writer had
taken their time to do some research like on the comic next arc after kilgrav villian. They would have found a complying story of a psychic power children instead of this lame SWJ mess. Season 1 is close to the comic book source as it gets, Season 2 is something gone terrible being creative and sending a political message.... The series delves into the mind,heart & life of Jessica Jones.She is distant,cold & obtrusive.Rather than being invited to situations,she imposes her presence.She just wants the job done.What happens after that is not something she wants to concern herself with.You don't see Jessica fly around & use her superpowers.Rather,she tries to avoid using them as much as possible.Why is she so? What makes her so guarded in her personal life? And..who is this Kilgrave? We learn the answer to these questions as the show progresses.<br/><br/>The first half of the series brilliantly sets up the second half.The supporting cast is well written too.As a viewer,I even empathized for Kilgrave!<br/><br/>The acting is top notch.Right from Kirsten Ritter to David Tennant to the dilapidated sister,searching & mourning for her twin brother.The backstories are well constructed.And we see a lot of characters get closure in the final episode.<br/><br/>I think the creators want us to see JJ as a broken,well meaning person with Super powers.To make us see the emotional price & burden of being someone with an ability to save people.JJ is not a Superhero.She doesn't put on a costume & go around the city,looking for bad people.She is a person with special powers who wants to lead a normal life. So, when I heard that this show was being made, I was hyped because David Tennant was one of my favourite actors growing up. I was sure not to let that make my judgement biased, though. I knew Krysten Ritter from Breaking Bad so I had doubly high hopes for this show.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is a Private Investigator with superhuman abilities disillusioned with life in Hell's Kitchen, New York. While she appears to be a hardened, short-fused alcoholic, behind it all, she is trying to suppress memories of the abuse she received from Kilgrave (Tennant) who has the ability to control the free will of whoever he wants.<br/><br/>Kilgrave, unlike most classic supervillains with the desire of taking over the world or anything to that effect, only desires the affections of Jessica because she has developed a resilience to his mind control.<br/><br/>The overall plot of the first series is to stop Kilgrave, who leaves a trail of death and destruction in his path. The overarching theme of this series is trauma, as every character affected by Kilgrave is deeply affected by the actions they have been compelled to carry out or from the loss of those close to them.<br/><br/>Among the main plot of eliminating Kilgrave are subplots including Jones trying to get justice for Hope Schlottman, a victim of Kilgrave's imprisoned for killing her parents (while being compelled) and Jones' lawyer (Carrie-Anne Moss) going to extreme lengths to finalise her divorce from her spouse.<br/><br/>Overall, this series is just a thrill to watch. The psychological aspects of it are captured superbly and the performances from Ritter and Tennant in particular are brilliant. Tennant's Kilgrave just reminds me of an evil version of his Doctor from Doctor Who. I just can't avoid the comparison.<br/><br/>One character I didn't care for at all was Sgt. Simpson, a victim of Kilgrave whose path crosses with Jessica and her surrogate sister, Trish. After the shock of realizing the effect of his compelled actions, he just goes on an obsessive frenzy on trying to kill Kilgrave and turns homicidal after returning to an experimental military program, that supplies him with superhuman steroids. Nothing but unnecessary filler.<br/><br/>Other than that, this series hits every mark. The occasional reference to The Avengers is thrown in for fanservice but thankfully it doesn't become too frequent.<br/><br/>Overall, this series definitely has my recommendation, but it's definitely not something for the kids! Was refreshing to see a Superhero series without any spectacular action or CGI effects and still being good. Marvel's Jessica Jones is a Drama relaying on good acting, solid plot & detective PI work to get the work done. The series is targeted at adults with believable action sequences, depiction of sexuality and the darker side of Crime. My complaints are the show could have been shorter, could have easily given us the same story in a crisper manner. Also Jones always seems to be using her super power in very controlled manner unlike the brazen use by the bad guy. I felt it's more to do with the lack of CGI budget, why make a super hero action show and skip out on action sequences!!! <br/><br/>Jessica Jones with her abrasive personality is a difficult role to play but still Krysten Ritter does a good job of it. With Jones what you see and what you get are just opposite, she looks delicate with her petite body frame but has super strength, she is an alcoholic but got a quick mind, always sarcastic & rude but got a caring heart. <br/><br/>David Tennant's shines as Kilgrave, the smartly dressed bad guy who has the power of mind control. His portrayal of a narcissistic sociopath is the best part of the series. <br/><br/>The show got great supporting characters that give excellent performances and each and every one have this unique/weird chemistry with the Jessica Jones. Mike Colter as Luke Cage brings in the guilt ridden love interest, his intriguing past and characterization propelling him to get a show for himself. Rachael Taylor is great as Trish "Patsy" Walker, step-sister & at times side kick, emotional pillar for Jessica Jones, her charming characterization at times overshadow the Jones. Carrie-Anne Moss is good as the cold blooded lawyer although felt she was underutilized. <br/><br/>This is a not a Superhero series, it's more a vigilantly PI vs Super villain series and a good one at that. Let me begin by saying if there's a better part for Krysten Ritter somewhere down the line, I can't even begin to imagine what it would or could possibly be. She is just stunning as Jessica Jones and deserves all the accolades in the world. This is indeed her moment.<br/><br/>Sometimes I think there are people that have to find some fault in order to feel cool. I've read a few different reviews that adhere to that, mostly opining something along the lines that there wasn't a worthy villain in Season 2. I think they're just plain crazy. There are wonderful character studies in this season, the story lines go to unexpected places, an unjaded viewer should find this exceptional viewing. I began watching this early Saturday morning, and swore to myself I'd parse the season out over a week or so at least. By early morning Sunday I'd finished up the entire 13 episodes. For the life of me I couldn't stop watching.<br/><br/>So thanks to all those that have contributed to this for some wonderful viewing. In my opinion this is the premiere effort by Netflix and Marvel. And my greatest appreciation for Ms. Ritter. She's a wonderful actress and I can't wait to see more of her. Hopefully she'll put aside her knitting now and then so we can get to see a greater sampling of her exceptional performance as an actress. <br/><br/>Now when is Season 3 going to begin???? Weird show. I felt season one had lazy writing with mind control stuff. Season 2 had the family dynamic and some interesting twists. Season 3 was written in San Francisco where everyone was attracted to same gender except Jessica and her neighbor. Every other character introduced was into show tunes and tacos! It was weird. My wife asked, um, what is happening here? Her secretary was introduced, a guy wearing a dress with an attitude. And every powerful character was a woman. The men were just window dressing and there to get thrown around. The show's agenda was too loud to enjoy the superhero stuff. Oh - and that was rare. You'd go a whole episode without one superhero moment (like Luke Cage). I would forget it was a superhero show! Dark and depressing and liberal -- can't recommend. This is a good show hope it will be 4 season👍👍👍 I don't watch this series, and I don't watch Luke Cage--but I did watch Defenders, and I would watch Luke Cage season 3 before I'll watch any more of Jessica Jones Season 1 than the pilot. There is a rumor going round that this show has high rating here like this because the ratings were paid for. I wouldn't be surprised if that were the case.I don't know about the paid raters but how can normal raters give this show even more than 2 stars. Some viewers (raters) are sooo tasteless.<br/><br/>This show lack taste, there is no thrill to it at all. It is build around several sex scenes. The plot is all messed up with high school writing. In summary, the whole thing is about the main char (a woman) meeting a guy and playing romance with him episode after episode. (In fact there was one episode which had about three sex scenes between this woman and her boyfriend). As if that is not enough we also have several sex scene between her best friend and her boyfriend.<br/><br/>The most annoying part of it all is after enduring an episode of a clueless 30 minutes plot and 10 minutes of sex scenes, you are served with the most agitating and boring action of modern day TV in the last 5 minutes.<br/><br/>The creator of this show thinks all viewers are dumb and don't think when they watch movies. My advice stay away from this unless you want a show which is unintelligent, has a clueless plot, full of soft porn and all round lacking any thrill. Turn to ((((The Blacklist)))) if you haven't already. When I started watching Daredevil, I was blown away by its grit and firmly planet feet in reality. The characterization was also top notch but the finale turned me off (not going to discuss that to spoil it for anybody who has not seen it). Jessica Jones is everything that I just mentioned about Daredevil PLUS the fact that its finale didn't disappoint me. The show is about strong characters who have been left broken inside for a long time. Beings with extraordinary powers, left alone and uncared for. What they all decide to do with their powers, is what makes the characters of this show very appealing. Even the humans with no powers would make you feel a connection.The plot actually is very simple, but the situation each character finds itself in due to their powers (and responsibilities), makes the story quite complex.<br/><br/>Jessica is one of the most flawed characters you will see, but what makes her the ultimate hero is her will to fight. By the end of the first episode all she wants to do is flee and get away from her past. But then she decides to turn it all around and take the fight to the main villain, a broken psychopath Killgrave (who is terrifically portrayed by David Tenant) who possesses the ultimate power of controlling people.<br/><br/>Seeing their loved ones losing their minds (literally), Jessica falls and learns from her mistake, but keeps going after the man who ruined her life. <br/><br/>Another thing I liked about the show was the portrayal of strong female characters that could be the idol for any feminist or believer of gender equality. It was effortless and did not feel contrived at any moment. This is an ideal world should be without any gender bias.<br/><br/>Watch it for its brilliant characters !! I have watched the first few episodes of this on Netflix and I must say I am not impressed at all. Unlike Daredevil which I really liked, Jessica Jones does not offer a sufficient back story to make newbies to the series become fully acquainted with the character. I find this pretty typical of Marvel however as their shows and movies rely on the audience too much to know their stuff unlike DC who are happy to help the newbies come new fans like with Arrow and The Flash.<br/><br/>Initially I liked the idea behind the PI aspect, but then the superpowers got in the way, and then it because one prolonged sex fest with the Luke Cage character. Although I so far have not seen much of the Cage character, he seems like a character I would like to see more of, but he also seems a bit of a rip off on Wolverine without the wolf element.<br/><br/>I am not even feeling the David Tennent character Kilgrave either, and I am a big fan of David too. Perhaps the pace of this show is a little too slow for my liking, so gonna give the rest a miss. What I like about this is that it puts female friendship in the forefront and more then that the destruction of female friendship. Season 1 builds incredibly well on what makes Jessica Jones and Trish Walker friends and more then that sisters; They grew up in the same home and even though Trish was the star in the family growing up she has never been able to get out from under the shadow of being a child celebrity. While Jessica Jones didn't come into her own until later in life and had many internal scars that she couldn't heal from but was seen by many as the true hero that Trish wanted so desperately to be. Season 2 showed the cracks in their friendship as the jealousy between them started to fester. What each other had and wanted became the what decided them. Season 3 which in my oppion was true masterpiece of what great genre fiction is about is the downward spiral of Trish Walker into true villany. What made Jessica Jones a hero and what made Trish Walker a villain is sold by bother their points of view. Anger, Pain, remourse and the lack of it. Is the things that divide us. It is too bad that Netflix no longer owns this franchise because I would have loved to see a spinoff about Trish Walker and her life in powered prison because there would be a story there about anger and redemption but I guess Netflix can't tell that now and that is too bad. It would probably be good if you could see what was happening. Me personally, I find television more enjoyable when I know what the hell is happening. In an attempt to be artsy, I guess, they present the picture so dark that it's hard to follow the narrative and the cool scenes don't land.<br/><br/>Essentially, watching this show is listening to a podcast. I read all the negativity about season two and almost didn't watch it based on that, but I have to say I'm enjoying season two. A lot. I'm even enjoying it more than the previous season. I think it is giving the characters more depth as to understand each characters actions and way of being more. First of all, the Villain in this show is arguably one of the best VILLAINS OF ALL TIME. We are dealing with ordinary paid humans from the city and not some magical or forced being. The Villain has mind control, but not like robotic mind control as most mind control villains make the Controlled Minded person act zombified, these people act normal like nothing is wrong and for a back up plan, if The Villain doesn't get what he asked he will said you don't return in 2 hours, these 2 people will carve each other's face off" and the people will be struck with fright waiting for Her to return so they won't have to do that because once 2 hours hit, they do it and can't control it. Awesome awesome. It is really boring.<br/><br/>Marvel is probably thinking that Just because they can write MARVEL in front of any Superhero show, it will automatically be a success.<br/><br/>This was absolutely ridiculous. No character development, No plot, No Coherent story Line...Nothing. Just a Slow paced series that had a lot of potential but in the end turns out to be complete disaster. Only recommended probably for very very Hardcore Marvel Fans.<br/><br/>Others can definitely give it a skip I am truly surprised it has an overall 8.4 rating <br/><br/>PS- The only positive in the series is Rachel Taylor. She is simply Gorgeous. This programme is a WIN for diversity: a white female lead who sleeps with a black man, lesbians for the sake of being there rather than their sexual preferences somehow making a difference to the plot, and straight chicks who talk about things other than men when they're in the same room together. Add that to the currently trendy "Scandiavian Noir" feel the programme's aiming for, a traumatised lead - because a lead just has to be "flawed" in Hollywood - monotonous, "punchy" retort-style dialogue and "arty" camera angles to show off how clever it all is, and it's difficult to get past just how utterly contrived Jessica Jones is.<br/><br/>If, however, you don't let any of that bother you, there's a super hero angle to appeal to fans of the genre, a vaguely interesting villain who appears to drive the series (but is again, nothing we haven't seen before) and the unspoken promise that this could only get better... if it doesn't become even more self-absorbed than it already is.<br/><br/>To be honest, given the hype, after 2 episodes I'm very disappointed. Then again, given all the hype and high ratings, I may just give it 2 more episodes to see if it improves, though, let's look at the facts: IMDb rankings lost their credibility a long time ago already. I'll start by saying I really enjoyed binge watching this show on Netflix over the course of the weekend. I love Netflix for this and wouldn't have it any other way. And I dare you not to do the same. <br/><br/>The show is compelling, the setting dark and the hero very conflicted. Even the antagonist manages to make the viewers feel moments of compassion for him... but mostly just disgust.<br/><br/>My biggest gripe with this show is that its set in Hell's Kitchen, just like Daredevil and yet we only get one character from that show, Claire Temple (the nurse), near the end of the season. Not to mention that the kingpin wasn't mentioned at all? WTF? This is supposed to be the same universe and all we get is a couple of vague mentions about a 'green guy, and a flag waver' and the Daredevil wasn't even mentioned once by name? This is unacceptable and points definitely had to be docked for this. You're better than this Marvel, you've shown how well you can tie in the Marvel Universe with Agents of Shield, and you should have put more effort into connecting Jessica Jones with the rest of the Marvel Universe.<br/><br/>These shortcomings aside, I still highly recommend this show and I'm giving it a 8/10. Except for the 1st Season of DareDevil and The Punisher Marvel trails far behind DC.<br/><br/>These series are getting worse and I can't watch anymore. Find another show unless you don't mind boring cheesy tv If you have not followed any comics that have shown Jessica Jones you will be disappointed i guess.. But to me shes one of the most real comic heroes ever! Her history and how she deals with things make her more down to earth then most super heroes in the shows out today. Not all super heroes should be all perfect and nice and good all the time, and this show nailed her persona down. I find the sex scenes to be a bit useless since they are not so short and not really showing anything, then why drag them out. But besides that the show has captured what i always thought Jessica Jones would be like in real life. I find it funny some comments say the acting is bad compared to daredevil when i felt DD actors were kind of exaggerating their roles a bit too much in that show, daredevil was good but would of liked to see it more real like they have done with this show. Cant wait to see Luke cage and iron fist, if they make it as good or better than Jessica Jones I'm on board 100% ! Just watched Daredevil....totally awesome! Then Punisher....quite good, not as good as Daredevil. To get the full picture Jessica Jones is on the menu, but I wasn't looking forward to it. Never read the comics, by hack Bendis and I read things here and there about the show....but hey, let's give it a shot.<br/><br/>Opening tune is already annoying. Narrative voice annoying....leave that to Mickey Spillane characters why don't you. 12 minutes in and I already dislike the title character....ooooh she's a tough one drinking and having that disinterested tired behaviour....yuck. 20 minutes in and yay, there's the first lesbian couple....Luke Cage yet to come. Oh golly it will be another show ticking off all pc boxes, what fun.
I made it to the end and gave 1 star for effort. Now I will watch some more, but I'm afraid I'll not make it to the end of the series as this 1st episode was utterly total crap! Just finished watching Season 2 and it's great. NB if all you want from your Superheroes is smash and grab all action stuff , then this not for you - Jessica is a real human being, with real emotions and problems, and the show is largely about how she overcomes and deals with issues at all levels.<br/><br/>This Season seemed to have an uncertain start, a fact eluded to by many reviewers, but stick with it as it becomes much more. I thought the final episode was explosively good and left us with a magnificently worked sad/happy ending with doors opening/closing for most of the main characters simultaneously. Sets up a 3rd Season superbly, I hope there is one, come on Netflix let us know?<br/><br/>I deliberately avoided spoilers, hence the shortish review. This is a pretty cool show. I can't wait for 2018 for the release of season 2.
Found the show a year ago by accident through other marvel shows. Didn't even know it existed back in 2015 - poor advertising. I would have watched it back then. Love the dark tone - life's messy. Jessica Jones is a dark psychological thriller with drugs, sex, swearing and violence. <br/><br/>It hits all the subjects normal shows, especially superhero Marvel products, try to shy away from. There's a LGBQ characters and relationships, drinking and drugs, PTSD has a big part of the show and the titular character. <br/><br/>Jessica Jones has PTSD and has been struggling with her day to day life as a Personal Investigator, she has dark humour, but you root for her. The villain is terrifying and twisted, causes pain and doesn't care for his victims. <br/><br/>If you don't like superhero shows, ignore the big MARVEL stamp on the front, give the first episode a go. This isn't a show for everyone, but don't cold turkey it without giving it a go. You will not be disappointed. This was the only TV drama in 2015 that I didn't finish watching - endured for 4 episodes and literally don't care what's gonna happen next. <br/><br/>The story could be told better - kind of boring and slow-paced. What bothers me the most was the depth of the main characters - esp. Jones. All the emotion seems already out there and there's nothing more for you to explore. Adding Luke in didn't make it better. Killgrave was the only one seems have a soul but couldn't save the show.<br/><br/>Overall I regretted spending 3hs watching it. Unless you are really bored - I mean REALLY, I would recommend you to watch a documentary or even read a user manual instead of this drama. I don't believe that this is a spoiler but more or less a warning, I'm coming up to the end of season 1 and seriously 13 episodes of Jessica Jones in the same cloths is starting to weigh on my mind. And for five six why don't they just kill Killgrave already. She's so busy trying to save what's her name from jail (spoiler alert what's her name ends up killing herself anyways)and in the mean time Killgrave kills 10 more people including his own mother and ruins countless lives. So if your getting in to this series because you want to watch another good marvel super hero action movie I'd recommend watching a re run of the Avengers but if you want to watch a movie about a super strong alcoholic trashy white girl who can mess up even the simplest of plans then wow your in for a treat. I feel committed now to finish the season out of curiosity because I really want to see how long it takes her to change her pants and kill Killgrave then I'm out. Thank you all for listening to my review. Watch if you like: Gritty Netflix Originals (like Daredevil), Any of the wonderful Jessica Jones cast members, Action television that still manages to develop its characters and personal relationships<br/><br/>It's hard to believe that Jessica Jones exists in the same universe as the Avengers. There is a complexity and a darkness in Jessica Jones that is simply not present in the massive big-budget films. There is graphic content that is used to tell a story that would be inappropriate and unappealing for the family audience of previous Marvel projects, with the exception of Daredevil; however, for those who fall into the target audience, they will not be disappointed. The way in which Jessica Jones uses graphic content, bold dialogue, and solid story lines is one that is both unsettling and entirely addictive. In many ways, the show is like Jessica herself: gritty, testy, and unsure at times, but also entertaining, likable, and extremely strong. It is the balance of these attributes that makes the character of Jessica, as portrayed wonderfully by Krysten Ritter, and her equally interesting cohorts the driving force behind the stable and interesting, yet not extremely original or remarkable storyline. Overall, Jessica Jones is able to do what so many action movies and television shows have failed to do. It has captured the audience attention using violence and graphic content, while still remaining very much character-driven. While the story lines may be considered "average at best" by some, the writers are able to successfully tell a story that is simultaneously surreal and deeply personal. That victory alone makes it worth the watch. I was actually looking forward to this show. I tried to like this and forced myself to sit through 4 episodes after which I gave up watching it. Like many others have said they are trying to stretch what could be put in a couple episodes into a whole season! The writing is to blame. It's just plain boring and the least they could do is get the editing right - She picks up her cell phone in several scenes and starts talking but you can see that the phone is still ringing! Im not sure how others have compared this to Daredevil! Daredevil is leagues ahead of this show. Another disappointing show like Agents of SHIELD! P.S Why do I need to type in 10 lines to post this review? I was really excited for this series especially after we had seen what Netflix and Marvel can do together. I honestly thought that Jessica Jones will be better than Daredevil and The Flash but I was so wrong.But as any other show it has positives and negatives.<br/><br/>What I really liked is performance Krysten Ritter gave us. She was just amazing as cynical,hopeless and mostly drunk P.I. who really likes sex and doesn't give a sh*t. Also the other thing i liked was David Tennant as Kilgrave who was a great character and had great backstory and chemistry with Jessica. Their war through out the season is the thing that kept me watching. Besides 2 of them Luke Cage and Trish Walker were great.<br/><br/>Now there are so many things I didn't like so I'll put them all together - subplots and side characters. 5 characters and 5 subplots(Malcolm's drug problem,Jeri's divorce problem,Hope's prison problem,Will's super drug problem and Robyn's brother problem) were just uninteresting and poorly thrown into the show. And Robyn is THE worst.<br/><br/>All together it's meh.The premise and the center of the show revolving around Jessica and Kilgrave is amazing. But subplots take down that greatness right away making this show a slow burn of boringness.Considering this is a Netflix/Marvel product I am underwhelmed by this show and I am not looking forward season 2. Daredevil showed some promise and a lot of flaws. Its side characters were a mess and its villain became a caricature at the end of its first season. Being that I have disliked pretty much everything Marvel has done to this point, Jessica Jones really surprised me. I was hooked by the shocker of an ending in episode 1. After that, the show rarely let's up. <br/><br/>However, episode 10 gives the season an extension of sorts that it didn't need by creating a plot point that doesn't make much sense. Hence, there are 3 episodes left of filler. What is this filler? Mainly, these episodes unnecessarily set the stage for Season 2, build the Marvel TV-verse, and painstakingly try to finish character arcs for side characters the show never made you care about in the first place. <br/><br/>In between this filler is still a wonderful game of cat and mouse between Jessica Jones and the villain (despite its unnecessary extension). The final confrontation is really great (unlike the corny one Daredevil gave us)! It doesn't fully make up for everything the show does in its final four episodes though. <br/><br/>In fact, I am a little nervous that the show will remain on this course with good reason knowing Marvel. They are all about universe building instead of just focusing on telling an intriguing story. Since Jessica Jones is by far the best character/story has done to date, I would have preferred her to have been left alone. Unfortunately, that just will never happen in the current superhero climate (DC is making the same mistake) and I predict it will be the genre's undoing.<br/><br/>Bottom Line: If you haven't been a fan of the Marvel brand, give Jessica Jones a shot. I've read professional reviews saying this is the first superhero made for adults. I wholeheartedly agree. There is gore, swearing, and even graphic sex scenes (sans nudity). I recommend watching this first season despite the warning signs Jessica Jones gives its viewers about the show's future quality. The season can stand on its own merits. A interesting series that definitely broaden the boundaries of the superhero genre. The first three episode were excellent. I was captivated, scared and excited all at the same time but then the show became repetitive and a little nonsensical. The villain was captured and escaped no less than three times! And there are many small but highly annoying inconsistencies like Jessica can lift a car and beat up 3 men with ease but at another time struggled long enough with just one old detective to allow the villain to get away yet again (come on really). And the show became contrived with plot twists with no other explanation other than just to add drama and darkness. There was probably only enough material here for 6 to 8 episodes but the show was extended to 13 with repetition and unneeded subplots. The show could have great if it had a better head writer but still there's a good time to be had watching it. Disclaimer: If you are looking for another epic comic book-themed show like Daredevil, you are looking in the wrong direction. That's not to say Jessica Jones isn't a good show, it just takes things down a notch in terms of scale.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter brought the titular character to life with a level of vulnerability that made her easy to relate to. Despite her superhuman abilities, you rarely think of Jessica Jones as a superhero. I believe this was done very intentionally, as JJ is trying to get over the superhero bit and live a "normal" life. David Tennant was despicable as Kilgrave, but in a good way. Tennant had to earn my respect because I despise Dr. Who and I give him, and the show's writers, a 10/10 for breathing new life into a bottom-tier comic book villain.<br/><br/>However, it was the side characters that really made me enjoy this show. Carrie-Anne Moss's Jeri Hogarth was probably my favorite simply because she was so complex. She seems so invincible throughout most of the show only to make the audience realize how terribly flawed she is. Malcolm, Simpson, Trish, and Luke Cage all bring different aspects of humanity's flawed nature that have me looking forward to Cage's own spin-off and hopefully a second season of Jessica Jones. I've enjoyed Jessica Jones with twists and turns coming in almost every scene, you have to keep your eyes on the show. Add in the dysfunctional characters, just like in real life, people with superpowers, fight and chase scenes and what more could you ask for in a TV show? So, what's not to love? OK, first a warning, if you marathon this you will be depressed. Wow. Mostly shot at night or in dark rooms, her attitude is sad and depressed. Season one was weird, zombie themed mind control. Season two is more flavored -- some meat. Season three is great writing with a weird side issue: suddenly, everyone on the show likes show tunes except Jessica and her assistant. It is a GLAAD wonderland where straight men and women are the abnormal anomaly. And the other thing that is super weird -- she gets stabbed and almost dies?! Ummm .. what? So she can jump off a 20 floor building or get hit by a car but a street rat can take her down? And her powers fade in and out. Also weird. There is a basis of good superhero story here but it is overwhelmed by PC junk and the women are the future message. Weak effort, Netflix. <ul><li>Alias comic spoilers -</li></ul><br/><br/>Brian Michael Bendis and Michael Gaydos' Alias is a masterpiece in its own right. The problem with Jessica Jones is that you can't really tell the story of a retired superhero living in the Marvel Universe without mentioning any of the characters with whom Jessica interacts at some point.<br/><br/>You can't mention mutants (ANY mutants) because they're covered by the X-Men franchise. So you can't even do the Alias opening scene; you just get a guy randomly thrown through the door. You can't do the "Come Home" arc either for the same reason. You can't do the first story arc because you can't mention Captain America. You can't mention Jessica's best Friend Carol Danvers (Ms. Marvel). Carol can't set Jessica up with Scott Lang (Ant-Man). You can't mention S.H.I.E.L.D. so there goes Clay Quartermain. You can't mention Spiderwoman, Spiderman, or Jonah Jameson so there goes that bit of story too. Apparently you can't even mention the Avengers (the green guy and his crew), so you can't relate the incident with the Scarlet Witch. And Thor. The list goes on. Point is, you can't tell that story.<br/><br/>So Melissa Rossenberg tells us another version of the story. And it's not a bad version, really, considering the constraints. Trish Walker serves as Jessica's best friend and does it adequately, and even Carrie-Anne Moss' character who isn't originally in Bendis' work serves a purpose and is well played. But still, one of the beauties of Alias is about slowly fleshing out Jessica's character up to the point where you get to her back story. Throwing Kilgrave into the first episode only causes Jessica's character to be defined by him, with lots of storytelling opportunities lost in the process. There are also unnecessary changes, like the way Luke Cage is introduced into the story.<br/><br/>What I take from Jessica Jones is the acting. Overall great performances. Actually if I had to take anything from Jessica Jones over Alias it'd be Eka Darville's rendition of Malcolm.<br/><br/>So, it's a good story with some great performances. Not nearly as good as the source material, but good. Watched all 3 seasons on Netflix after each other. We loved it! WOW. Normally I watch each Marvel or Superhero TV show at least once. I am always disappoint. They are boring, bland, predictable action, ridiculous dialog and the actors look as if they are simply reading the script on a stage void of emotion. But I keep hoping....
This is not only the best of Marvel/Superhero TV shows it is one of the best TV shows I have watched. It is can't look away drama and action. The characters are realistic and likable even though flawed. The cast is perfect. I love all the moving parts the way real life is story over story overlay-ed. Jessica is one of the best written realistic characters I can think of on TV now and possibly ever. Which is funny because she is a superhero hard-assed private detective which is not someone the majority of us have ever encountered. Though constant action and emotion it never seems unrealistically overwrought. Jessica often says and does the things we wish we were brave enough to say and then get away with. This is my new binge watch. Much better than Luke Cage but sadly not as well acted. The dialogue is really good and in some parts very worthy of awards. The thing with Trish and Jess is that they were lovers. It's the connection they have for each other that makes them trust each other so strongly. Siblings don't have that same strength. First of they skip the whole chessy fightscens, CGI and bad movie affects aren't used to convey the powers. Jessica is for me a somewhat relatable character. And I enjoy the darker tons the show can have. Season 1 was absolutely fantastic. The story and characters were interesting, especially Kilgrave. It's thrilling, exciting, and entertaining.<br/><br/>Season 2 is where the show took a nosedive. There wasn't any main villain and the plot just wasn't interesting. The only highlight was Alisa (Don't want to spoil anything).<br/><br/>Season 3 was a bit better than season 2 but didn't hold a candle to the first season. This time, we did have a villain, which really helped. But, the main plot is really about Jessica and Trish's relationship. This show is a one and done thing for me. Seasons 2 and 3 were a letdown. I'm just gonna stick with season 1 and ignore the other seasons. Jessica Jones, S02, 2018. Superpoteri senza supereroi. 7/10 I have read negative reviews about Jessica Jones season 2 and I would have to disagree with them. It's wasn't that bad. In the first season, Jessica was overshadowed by the Kilgrave character, in season 2 it is an origins story and gives you the full details of her background. The supporting cast, especially her mother and lawyer, played by Carrie-Ann Moss, had good story lines and added to the overall plot which kept it interesting and made you want to finish the season to the end.<br/><br/>
The only downside is the Trish character, I find her annoying and irrelevant. The cray cray bit was awful. The series has potential and I hope they make another season as I am interested in where the story goes. Overall it was better than expected and I enjoyed it, so Jessica should finally crack a smile to a good show. S1 was great with good pacing of the plot, a villain that keeps you on the edge of the seat, and enough witty, snippy, sarcastic quips to keep the humor alive in an ultimately dark show. In contrast, S2 loses all of that charm and gives us a bunch of nasty people to look at instead. Even the titular hero acts like a nasty villain, punching people who don't deserve to be punched, and keeping people out of the law enforcement's hands, when they clearly should be thrown into jail. It just ain't fun when there's no one to cheer on.<br/><br/>S1 gets a solid 9, s2 gets a 5. That averages a 7. I would have given it 8 but season 2 was really a disaster cheap writing and horrible graphics. Killgrave the villain in season 1 carried the show !! Watch season 1 for the well written characters, the gruff anti-hero magnetism of Kristen Ritter's performance, the representation of a healthy friendship between adult women (which is weirdly hard to find), the top-tier cinematography, David Tenant's ability to make your skin crawl, and one of if not the most faithful depiction of PTSD on TV. <br/><br/>Watch season 2 to wallow in a cesspool of relentless darkness, lacking any levity or balance or coherent plot, in which each episode is playing a suicidal game of oneupmanship with the one that came before it. The quality of the entire production took such a nose-dive I wouldn't even call it the same show anymore. I couldn't care less about strong female whoever or racial what have you or Trump's America, I just want to be entertained. 
God almighty, but this show is boring! Absolutely nothing of note going on in it plot wise or effects wise or any other wise.
Colossal waste of time and everyone's effort. After a most-successful first season, with outstanding performances from the whole cast, the second season unfortunately falls dramatically short of delivering a coherent story. With no real substance or suspense, and irrelevant and uninteresting plot threads, the script goes nowhere, and even does so in an excruciatingly slow way. <br/><br/>The second season also sees the title character act in infuriatingly childish mannerisms, throwing meaningless mood swings and tantrums every now and then, somewhat making the episodes all the more difficult to watch. Also, all the major characters seem to be going there own separate ways, and even when there arises an urgent need to do so, neither one of them can actually manage to reach another thru a simple phone call. <br/><br/>So, in short, it feels as if there are somewhat four separate story threads for 4 major characters, with the lion's share being reserved for, well, who else, Jessica. Even so, the story does not flow, and after the first bombastic season and the addition of the first season of Defenders, you are left wondering what went wrong.<br/><br/>First Season: 9/10
Second season: 5/10
Overall: 7.5/10 Just finished watching the first season of Jessica Jones (along with Luke Cage and few episodes of Daredevil), and I must say, that in my opinion, the series will never be able to reach heights of Marvel movie universe. The tone of series seems to be too dark. Sort of setting Marvel heroes in DC comics environment. As we've seen from now, the dark tone works perfectly well only at Nolan' batman. The writing is inconsistent at best, and quite frankly, once I finished watching the finale it felt like a lost time. The show has it moments (especially the at the beginning), but overall it's very far from the best shows on TV, like game of thrones of back in a day, House MD. The main thing that bothered me was over-insertion of drama moments, and given that it's suppose to be a superheroes series, extremely dumb decisions by both protagonists and antagonists of the series. For example (and here is the spoiler part), Let's take main antagonist of the first season - Kilgrave. His super power derives from the fact that he omits some sort of virus, which causes people to obey his every command. So... the obvious solution is simple - to eliminate him is to shoot him from a far (they found a lot of ways to locate him), sleeping gas, put on loud music or if you want to be creative, hire bunch of guys who doesn't speak English, so they would not be able to understand commands, and many more possibilities. Basically, once discovered his power is semi useless, as the man becomes a target. No wonder that high persuasion of characters in fantasy based computer games, usually one of less important stats. They really should have taken points. Instead we see that inflated drama, and consistent stupid decisions by the show's heroes ruins the experience. They needed the show to create Marvel TV universe, but so far it seems a flop. Man i was so hyped to watch this TV show because of some good reviews but it left me disappointed <br/><br/>1 - I didn't understand why she didn't want to kill kilgrave , because of 1 girl that was going to jail , really , almost 20 more people got killed because she wanted to save her from prison , i mean come on <br/><br/>2 - still she didn't save her , she killed herself just so jessica would open her eyes to kill him but she still don't want to <br/><br/>3 Why in the world did Nuke become a bad guy , he was kinda my favorite character <br/><br/>4 - how come the so powerful jessica jones with nuke could not stop 4 guys that were paid to save kilgrave , really , 4 normal people beat jessica and nuke <br/><br/>The list goes on and on but i have to point out that kilgrave was awesome <br/><br/>DO NOT WATCH After a bit of time and watching Luke Cage and re-watching Daredevil I do believe that Jessica Jones is the best of the Marvel Netflix shows. It is very compelling, has a very strong villain, a great cast, and very good directing. Not sure about Ritter, a bit undecided, but she is definitely okay.<br/><br/>The script however is so-so. Better then Luke Cage, but not as good as Daredevil. A few scenes feel a bit off and when JJ opens a bottle, for the 4th time in just as many minutes, it does not feel correct - partly it is not acted 100% and partly it is the script.<br/><br/>I think all the Marvel Netflix shows suffers a bit from scripting issues. They've built a great foundation and the overall quality is great, but none of the shows are quite there yet. In Luke Cage is is very obvious it is the script, in Daredevil it is mostly a few casting choices, with JJ it is not absolutely clear why I do not give it a higher rating, I cannot always put my finger on it, so mostly I blame the writing since that seem most plausible.<br/><br/>In Jessica Jones it is mainly a few slow and pretty strange middle-episodes that drags. Why does she go to the house and become a plaything again? Why does she, sort of, try to redeem the Purple Man? And that police officer gone super via pills is the only bad actor of the show and that entire story-line feels way off.<br/><br/>I think all of these shows, JJ and Luke Cage specifically, would benefit from either longer or shorter seasons. Either make the show 17-18 episodes so they can start and finish another main story, or shorten it to 9-10 episodes so the story does not drag on for too long and they do not need to fill out certain episodes with less interesting characters or minor b-stories. It is also here the script issues probably arise and with shorter, or longer, story-arch's, the show would benefit.<br/><br/>At the end of the day though this is a very good show, great entertainment and it deserves all the good feedback it is getting. Fix the minor issues to the next season and it will probably deserve a higher rating, as it is now I give this an weak 8. The first 4 episodes are simply amazing! 10/10 but then it becomes boring and repetitive. At some point you start hating Jessica Jones. If you don't then you should because everyone around her is dying because of her incompetence and stubbornness. To save one life (Hope) she scarifies many more as bodies keep piling up (the mother, the neighbor, the two special forces guys). Hating the series now! Getting lamer with every episode (currently at episode 11).<br/><br/>The only character who is consistent is Kilgrave and he is the bad guy. So much potential and unnecessarily wasted. I have seen many people rate this 10/10. I am unclear if they choose to ignore these or they are OK with her being stupid and sacrificing many people to save one person. What can I say, first of all it's a good show, but not for children. This is not a low-budget T.V show, but it looks like it, every time when she jumps 50 feet in the air or throws a man 20 feet far they always cut it. For jumping, it shows her normal jump but then they cut it, and show her on a ledge. When she throws somebody, it shows her grab somebody, then cuts it and shows a man fly into a wall.<br/><br/>There was this one time when she found where Kilgrave, she fights some people, then after that she freezes, then out of nowhere she lands on garbage, and they didn't even jump, by what I mean by they is, her and a cop. I'm sorry if you don't understand what i'm saying, but when you see it, you understand.<br/><br/>I'm too negative, time for some positive. The cast is an average cast, with no person perfectly nailing their roll except for the character Kilgrave. This show reminds me of a classic detective show, the music is so classy. Jessica Jones is a superhuman girl that is very depressed, I think. She get adopted by Trish Walker (Patsy Walker). She tracks down to kill Kilgrave, while her journey, she makes a few friends and that summarises the show, but there is more. It is an A show, but what i'm saying makes it sound really bad, but it's not. <br/><br/>once again this is not appropriate show for kids. Also it's on Netflix, so feel free to enjoy the show. The story started really good with right amount of peaks that drove you on for a few episodes. But all the charms faded gradually. I think the problem was the story telling. Some plots could used a bit more time and some could use less, especially the unnecessary sex scenes (I liked Marvel for a thing that they don't have the habit of getting too greedy into cheap sex drives, but .. well, this one is different). The acting is okay in general, such a waste, cause I think they got a right cast for the key roles. <br/><br/>The most annoying thing is - every time they try to show off Jessica power, it's just not convincing enough. You kinda get the idea of how powerful she is, but you don't get to be impressed. Such a half hearted thing to do.<br/><br/>I'll try to swallow more episodes and see if it gets better or not. Absolutely poor storyline with unnecessary side plots which don't seem to really blend with the central story. Jessica Jones is both weak and strong. The series could have closed in perhaps 5 episodes which unnecessarily drags for 13 episodes... If only Jessica could behave like a superhero and take care of the bad guys. Interesting plotline.. could have finished it in 6 or 7 episodes. the makers dragged it so far that it became boring to watch. The last four episodes were pathetic. A sniper rifle would have ended this complete waist of time in season 1 episode what, 2 or 3? Awesome in every way!!! The greatest superhero series I've seen. They could've gone more seasons. But the writers were perfect, cast awesome, villains scary as hell, and overall one of the best series on Netflix. I will miss Jessica and her crew since this show had a great Noir atmosphere despite its contemporary setting. In the first season Tennant was great, as he was in "Broadchurch" with Olivia Coleman. The second season was OK since it delved into the origins of the making of a superhero for Jessica and her damaged mother, but it signaled the end of Trish as we knew her. I am sorry that Season 3 dealt so much with Trish and her descent into superhero madness. I resent it when characters are written to do a 180 late in the game. Trish was a superhero for what seemed like a few hours and she became judge, jury and executioner in the blink of an eye. Carrie Anne Moss created a great super villain via Jeri Hogarth and truly deserved her impending solitary demise. Glad to see that Jessica seemingly has second thoughts about leaving her hero roots behind. You just can't wear that leather jacket 24/7 in Texas! It's another series that just plods. I've heard good things about it, and there just isn't a lot on NF, so I tried, again, and again, and again. But I've never been able to finish the first season. Maybe if they cut out the filler and made it like a 4 episode season, then it might have enough entertaining content, but as it stands - it's frustrating. Jessica Jones, by no means, is an exceptional show for its writing and plot development. However, it is an exceptional show because of the actors. When I say that, I am specifically referring to David Tennant. His performance as Kilgrave is very creepy and it is amazing to see such a talented actor take on such a layered and complex role.<br/><br/>Do not get me wrong, Krysten Ritter is wonderful as Jessica Jones, but she is constantly drinking and is depressed. Her character's behavior is completely understandable, but the behavior of Kilgrave is so unpredictable and maniacal. His performance is something that anyone should see, no matter their stance on superheroes or opinion of David Tennant.<br/><br/>The show's second season is not as great as the first, but again, Janet Mcteer's performance was also amazing. She is an amazing actress and it is amazing to see season after season of such great acting.<br/><br/>The writing and plot development of Jessica Jones may not be great, but the acting is amazing and definitely something worth watching. I highly recommend the show so everyone can see these astounding performances. Please watch the show! If you have not checked my review for Broadchurch, be sure to read it. David Tennant is in that show as well. Jessica Jones may not be your typical superhero. But she is a traumatized woman who's been dealt the worst hand. Season 1's villain was chilling. Season 2's villain is much more complex. This show doesn't put in action scenes just for the sake of action but instead explores the darkest parts of the human psyche. Overall it's a good show, but certain things (like the extent of Jessica's powers) vary wildly from scene to scene and episode, and it's REALLY annoying. Other things like characters behaving formulaicly stupid erode the believability (beyond the willing suspension of disbelief). If they would stick to one core "myth", it would make a good show great. Baffled by the negative reviews. This show is incredible. Every character is truly fascinating and we get glimpses of their back stories to supplement the story. If you are looking for a show with well developed characters, a chilling villain, a compelling and relatable main character, an intriguing storyline, and just utterly spectacular acting, this is the show for you. No, it's not a typical superhero show. It goes above and beyond in so many aspects. This has raised the bar for superhero stories, in my opinion. Krysten Ritter is superb and very believable as Jessica Jones. I love love love this show! Disappointed !!<br/><br/>Season 2 could have been much batter. 7/10 Season One
Was refreshing to see a Superhero series without any spectacular action or CGI effects and still being good. Marvel's Jessica Jones is a Drama relying on good acting, solid plot & Detective PI work to get the work done. The series is targeted at adults with believable action sequences and depiction of sexuality & the darker side of Crime. My complaints are the show could have been shorter, could have easily given us the same story in a crisper manner. Also, Jones always seems to be using her super power in a very controlled manner unlike the brazen use by the bad guy. I felt it's more to do with the lack of CGI budget, why make a super hero action show and skip out on action sequences!!!<br/><br/>Jessica Jones with her abrasive personality is a difficult role to play but still, Krysten Ritter does a good job of it. With Jones what you see and what you get are just opposite, she looks delicate with her petite body frame but has super strength, she is an alcoholic but got a quick mind, always sarcastic & rude but got a caring heart.<br/><br/>David Tennant's shines as Kilgrave, the smartly dressed bad guy who has the power of mind control. His portrayal of a narcissistic sociopath is the best part of the series.<br/><br/>The show got great supporting characters that give excellent performances and each and every one have this unique/weird chemistry with the Jessica Jones. Mike Colter as Luke Cage brings in the guilt ridden love interest, his intriguing past and characterization propelling him to get a show for himself. Rachael Taylor is great as Trish "Patsy" Walker, step-sister & at times side kick and the emotional pillar for Jessica Jones, her charming characterization at times overshadow the Jones. Carrie-Anne Moss is good as the cold blooded lawyer although felt she was underutilized.<br/><br/>This is a not a Superhero series, it's more a vigilantly PI vs Super villain series and a good one at that.<br/><br/>4/10 Season Two 
I found the season to be too long, underwhelming and missing a climax, its lack of a bad guy didn't help it either, the subplots were not needed and the main plot lacked focus. It was nice going while we had an element of suspense on who is the powered killer, but ones we get to know that it all went downhill. The relationship issues bought up are complicated but dragging it along for so long and ending it the way it did just didn't work for me. <br/><br/>In the earlier season I had loved Trish Walkers role, in this one we had an overdose of her. Still with her headstrong personality and wanting to play a hero it would be interesting to see what Patsy does in the future. The show hangs on Krysten Ritter performance but even she couldn't interest me to binge watch it (First Marvel Netflix I haven't binge watched) <br/><br/>Also, what was it with no mention of Defenders & no cameos by any one of them, the inter connection of the Marvel world of Netflix makes it more interesting and fun, this was such a let-down. Another Marvel title that has a suspiciously high rating despite the overwhelming number of well - written negative reviews. The only way this is over an 8 is if someone rigged the system. (Like with Punisher - which is good but also not nearly as good as its rating). I Really wanted to like this and after giving up on it the first time around I went back and re-watched the first few episodes of season 1 when season 2 came out. Yawn. I found myself on my phone and finally fast-forwarding sections of it. Way too slow. There are no likeable characters here especially Jessica Jones. Too much good TV out there to waste time on this. Next! Storyline dragged, not as good as having Luke Cage like the first season. Killgrave was smart and witty, now in the second we have to deal with the airheadeness of Trish. What's going on with Marvel/Netflix? At least Punisher was awesome, The Defenders was so-so and don't even get me started with The Iron Fist. I guess not all can be like Daredevil. I'm confused, pissed and wondering what the hell just happened to the writers of the series. <br/><br/>Writing with lose ends, no real villain to speak off, lot of charged up (no nudity) sex and a bikini shot of Jessica sums up the whole series for me.The badass character is seen in her emotional avatar and it ruins the entire plot for me. <br/><br/>Rather than taking the series to next level, it has dropped one down and it's disappointing. So, what happened? <br/><br/>*SPOILERS*
There are couple of moments that really threw me off to call this show a failure than a success. In one scene, at Jessica's apartment, the killer, Jessica and another PI is in the same room. Jessica takes the other PI to the next room, closes the door and speaks in hush tone. The tone is so hush that the killer can easily hear what they are conversing. So stupid. Jessica then dials the cop to set the killer to run away. Classic.<br/><br/>Another shot - The talented Jessica breaks into a house and fails to notice the motion sensor. How come?<br/><br/>Bikini Jessica in tears - Why does Jessica have to be in a bikini kind of wear to speak to her mom and that too when she is emotionally distressed? I agree that there is a build up to that scene but it doesn't just make sense. I didn't mind seeing her awesome body but for what? <br/><br/>No nudity sex - This was quite obvious in the show. I get that people want sex, but for this show, to come up with so many so such scenes doesn't add merit.<br/><br/>The reason as to why she turned the killer in is a mixed bag. Some would say that she needed the right reason and some would say, 'that was crazy'. I form part of the latter group. <br/><br/>My thoughts on what the show runner wanted to achieve - They wanted to show the emotional side of a badass character. Why she got to be the way she is and what she has to go through to get more badass. The execution falls flat because the scenes are boring and doesn't draw the emotional connect the writers would have expected. <br/><br/>However, all is not lost for this series and there are few bright points. 
Rachael Taylor (Trish Walker) comes across as a brilliant actress and I wish she gets a show on her own with some super powers. It will add to the women list of super people and justify her acting abilities. She gets a good amount of screen time and that's good to see.
Eda Darville is amazing in this series. It's quite clear that he has developed a muscular body and resonates with the story line that he is clean for few years.
Ohhh, how I liked the Kill Grave moments. It's cute to have a badass villain back for few moments. 
There are moments that can be called as classic Jessica Moments that gets few chuckles.<br/><br/>Overall, skim watch this one, just like you will skim read the second part of a very popular novel. If you are watching this series after DareDevils(DD), please do not !! you'll be disappointed. <br/><br/>This series is just about JJ and nothing more! Nothing exciting, could have done way better but it didn't! This show may not be the best Marvel has to offer. But somehow it sucks me in and won't let go. She is sad and angry most of the time but it sort of feels like real life crap in a strange and distorted way. the ancillary characters - Malcolm, Luke Cage!!!, Trish, Kilgrave - are amazing.<br/><br/>Jones doesn't seem to actually get drunk, although she's a heavy drinker, but her level of obnoxiousness does go from a 7 to a 10 when she's drinking. Krysten Ritter, David Tennant & Mike Colter are excellent, Tennant especially is charming, psychopathic and brings a slight vulnerability to the character Kilgrave that at times you feel a strange sense of sympathy for. Carrie-Anne moss and Eka Darville also do a good job. However the rest of the cast (apart from RD's cameo) range from average to terrible, the worst of them all IMO is Will Traval, he somehow manages to make a poorly written character even worse literally stinking up the screen whenever he comes on.<br/><br/>The fight choreography for the show is a far cry from the smoothness of Daredevil, It's early 90's TV bad at times It would take you completely take you out of the show, "punch, quick camera change, man jumps backwards into a book shelf".<br/><br/>The story itself is very hit & miss with lots of pacing problems. <br/><br/>All in all I highly doubt I'd watch the first season again, it's a far cry from the excellent Daredevil. Wow! Was looking forward to watching this for a long time. It's definitely no Daredevil. The acting in this is so bad. It's just so over blown and melodramatic that at times you just want to stop watching. I ended up watching 9-10 episodes due to the fact it may overlap with Daredevil. Well there is no way I'm going through another season of this crap again. Trust me when I say this, there is no comparison to the Daredevil series. The Daredevil series is a 10. This is no more than a 4. As I mentioned earlier, it's due to the horrible acting. The writing is horrible as well. The villain is okay but he's no Kingpin. They portrayed her powers horribly. I just found this show too boring and unwatchable. I've sat through all episodes and I'm not going to give away any spoilers, I think...<br/><br/>The show, in short; - Way too slow - very few likable characters - annoying stupidity all around - JJ is having sex... YEY! (all that did was arouse my girl, because of the hunk she was sleeping - or wrecking the bedroom- with) - JJ is having sex again... - ...and again... - JJ is having so much trouble with herself (yeah we know already)... etcetera etcetera... - o, and Zebediah Killgrave is not purple, does not come from former Yougoslavia (Croatia) and is played by David Tennant whom I'd rather forget after this... phew... nasty, horrible, one-dimensional ('I want revenge om me mum and dad because they've been 'orrible ta me'). Whay does the bad guy have to have a British accent anyway... Hmm... think I spoilered a little...<br/><br/>All in all quite boring, gross and Killgrave is spun out way too long. The whole season could have fitted in 5 episodes -imho-. And did I mention the characters? I mean, the do not all have to be cuddly of likable but these all kept their distance to me. The dying extras in almost every episode did more to me than all the mail characters. <br/><br/>Nope. Seen WAY better marvels... This just is not it... The plot might have been good crammed into a 2-hour movie, but there was no reason to stretch it out over 13 episodes. If you really want to watch it, you can save time by skipping the first 3-4 episodes; they're intensely boring and all the important info will be repeated. <br/><br/>I haven't read the comics but it's hard to imagine that each book is as tedious and irrelevant to the larger storyline as each episode was. The twists are predicable and uncompelling, and you spend most of the time annoyed at the characters for not being able to think half a step ahead of the bad guy. It's one clichÃ© after another, somehow portrayed as having a fresh and progressive outlook just because the traditional male/female roles are reversed. <br/><br/>Most of the acting throughout is dull and unconvincing. Blank-faced acting has a place for some characters sometimes, but when the whole cast does this for the full 13 episodes it's the director's fault. <br/><br/>The universe feels surprisingly underdeveloped. There's some backstory but not as much as you'd expect. There are repeated semi-tantalizing hints that this is a different universe than ours (alien attack? government superhero projects? wha?) but they zoom past almost totally unexplained and you're left in a haze about what kind of world they're actually navigating. <br/><br/>Overall, this show is definitely more interesting and thought-provoking than watching paint dry... but not by much. You're better off watching 10 hours of documentaries, it'll be way more entertaining. Jessica Jones was enjoyable. After watching Daredevil, another Netflix series done by Marvel, I had high hopes for the series but felt like it lacked something. That something was the "holy crap I can't believe that just happened" factor.<br/><br/>Those moments where too few and far between in this series and ultimately it felt like watching a mystery in which you know exactly what is going to happen besides a few scenes here and there. <br/><br/>The problem with this is that as an audience member, we feel so spoon fed that it is almost insulting to take part in a series of this type. There are a few surprises; however, there are not many surprises but the ones the do exist kick ass. We want more of that; however, there are not enough surprises dealing with the main outcome. That is were Jessica Jones falls short.<br/><br/>As I stated in the headline, its like being a detective with all the clues and knowing what will happen next. It feels like the only mysteries that lie within this series are the ones that are almost meaningless to the overall outcome. <br/><br/>The acting is done well. As should be expected from something backed by Marvel and Netflix. The audience is given a great insight and feeling of what it is like being in the shoes of Miss Jones. This is where the series shines. It is also where it stops. The story has so many holes and uninspired outcomes for meaningless events.<br/><br/>But that is what inspires us to watch more. Many of these meaningless instances are what make the series interesting. They give us mystery and suspense. Something that should have been carried throughout the entire series rather than just fragments of things that don't add to the overall outcome of the plot. <br/><br/>There is a lot of potential in what could have been done here. Unfortunately, it feels like we are being spoon-fed the entire story.<br/><br/>As much as I would have loved to have fell in love with this series, I felt it was hard to do so. I did fall for the characters and the potential which existed in this series but felt cheated by the predictability involved with the plot and overall outcome. I've just finished watching season 2 and I'm so glad that Jones is back. She is just so much real and more human (and still awesome) than every other "superhuman" like daredevil. I must say that she is my favrite amongst all the others (luke cage, etc. won't even mention iron fist because he is just so zzzz). Netflix, why so much gayness? I know there are gay people. Is Netflix creating the new normal? In the first season they drew out what should have been the last episode into another 4 slow boring episodes. The second was also very slow but had a few twists that kept it interesting enough to keepwatching. From the 4th episode in on the third season they have just drawn out another boring lame excuse for the writers to not even have to think about what they are writing. The 9th episode in on the third season I quit watching this show and will never watch again. To have people with super powers that cant catch or stop a killer for 9 episodes of nothing happening and then on 9th she is going to set him free??? Fire your writers and quit trying to make more episodes out of thin air that suck. It is more of a drama than anything else with the mildest of action. The beginning of the main character is good and actually the first episode was very cool. Also the enemy Good actor, a person with style, class and sarcastic humor.
The step sister she was so annoying but in the second season is the worst! I hate her , she is so irritating!
The mother from season 2 , terrible acting. She is bad in every way . Season 1 was masterful and season 2 a bit of a mess but still enoyable. The atmosphere and the depth of the characters are what set this show apart. Jessica Jones's Season 1 was a breath of fresh air compared to Daredevil being that it cracked more jokes there was much more adult content an that the theme was completely different bc of her job and environment. Not only that but the first season also gives us one of the best Villains in TV and movie known as Kilgrave and the chemistry and backstory between Kilgrave and Jessica Jones make a very interesting and compelling story that ultimately resolved in a very satisfying way. But another big suprise in the first season is the recurring character in Luke Cage. Luke Cage eventually got a solo spin off show that works in similar ways as Jessica Jones but that's a good thing because Jessica Jones season 1 is so much better because of Luke Cages character. For season 2 the team behind the show kept most the same theme as the last season like the great characters are back and so is her PI work but the one thing that doesn't work is the villain. The villain of the season isn't really bad but just is unclear bc it was done very well in the beginning as this mysterious monster who was created by the group responsible for Jessica's powers IGH and throughout the season these questions are built up but really just don't fit in to the resolution in the end. One thing about season 2 that is done better than season 1 is the investigative and detective work done because it's in every episode and has a place in that respective episode and that's something season 1 didn't do as much. Some stand out episodes in the series are 1x08, 1x09, 1x10, 1x13, 2x08, and 2x11. I loved the first season. It wasn't political, had an amazing plot with an outstanding villain role. But then the second season came around and got all feminist like and that was really dumb. It made it seem more like a rant than a show. At one point the lesbian female lawyer calls god a she and that's kind of annoying. Just don't mention god at all if you don't believe in him. Then they kept bringing up how women are apparently brought down by men all the time and stuff and that's clearly bs. They hit a homer run with the first one, so just learn from that and succeed more!!! As a huge Marvel fan, this is the best tv-show from Marvel. At first i was hesitant to watch this show because i was afraid of the changes that were made from the comics and everything. There are differences, but that doesn't mean that Marvel isn't sticking to some of the real origins of Jessica Jones. As a Marvel fan i am going to tell you i loved this, no matter how many reviews here will tell you how bad or good the show is, you have to make your own opinion, because honestly this show is so worth watching and trust me, you won't make a mistake if you are a Marvel fan who at least understands how everything goes. This show follows the life of one of our favorite superhero Jessica Jones who works as a private investigator to fight the crimes and all supernatural things that are going on in her hometown New York City. I absolutely love Jessica Jones's character, as well i love her in the comics, but i feel that this Jess is more rebellious, empowering, a big fighter, she is also all of that in the comics, don't get me wrong, i feel like this character is more tougher in the tv-show and i think the fans are going to love that. The villain was spot on, Marvel fans won't be disappointed with him. 
This show may i say sometimes gets darker, there are many dark themes that are mentioned in the show that talk about real life problems in the world such as violence, alcoholism, rape and many more things. Aside from everything, the show is amazing, the casting, plot, everything spot on. I honestly can't wait for season 3 and what new things we will see. Season 1 was fantastic. Season 2 involved a lack of trust between all characters at the start and then trust got worse between everyone. People did stupid stuff that nobody would do and made bad decisions the entire season. It is unfortunate because the characters are great and Season 1 was a great start. Hopefully a Season 3 will get back on track. Jessica Jones suffers from the netfix monotone syndrome, in that most of netfix's series have the same overall tone as breaking bad and better call saul. It works for those series and some series but netfix is doing all their series this way and it makes a lot of them extremely boring, jessica jones is one such series. Season 1 was five episodes of story stretched into an entire season. And none of the characters is particularly likeable. Meh I really wanted to like Jessica Jones because I have enjoyed all the other MCU shows on Netflix (Daredevil & The Punisher being outstanding shows, while Luke Cage, Iron Fist & The defenders were OK) so I gave it the benefit of a doubt by painstakingly watching both seasons over many weeks as I just could not not binge watch it no matter how hard I tried to. I know I feel like I'm having Stockholm Syndrome watching this show feeling sorry for how much of a let down this show is, and yet wanting to finish it because I just wanted to find some sort of redeeming qualities to it... <br/><br/>Let's rate the show in terms of screenplay, characters, acting, direction, and production.
<ul><li>Screenplay / Dialogues: 1/10. I was excited to read that this show had a team of female writers/directors, and while I can understand and sympathize with the themes laid out in the show as well as the desire to have female leads and supporting cast, I just couldn't understand how this whole botched screenplay and horrendous dialogue came about. It's as though some spoiled milenial kids gathered together and told themselves, let's write the worst dialogues and action sequences possible and stretch it over the length of 13 episodes each season just so that we can tell ourselves how cool we are amongst ourselves - audience be damned, they will be cool if they like it and uncool if they don't. Each season could have lasted just 3-to-5 episodes tops without the superfluous/meaningless dialogues and dull moments where Jessica Jones drinks, sits on chair or looks at her ceiling while talking her mindless drivel in the most monotonous tone possible with the most annoying pitch possible. I'm not even referring to the many plot holes that this show has, yes, it's a fantasy fiction but at least make it feel plausible here and there... At some point, you just don't care anymore about how things connect with each other because you just want to know the end and that's it... fast forwarding the scenes that really get you nowhere but show whatever random thoughts the writers wanted to convey about Jessica Jones state of mind and her cliched insights on the meaning of life, relationships and humanity.</li><li>Characters: 3/10. Honestly I can't understand how Jessica Jones was adapted into this spoiled self-centered autistic millenial that she is in this show. It's hard to empathize with such a poorly developed character no matter how long she appears on screen which is pretty much 1/2 or 2/3rd of the show. She is as antipathic as one can be, mourning about her lot (being a superhero with superpowers who doesn't realize her fortune because it came out of a misfortune - the loss of her family). Trish Walker, Jessica's best friend and adopted sister, is another terrible character who like so many others in this show just makes dramatic life decisions based on herself and the spur of the moment - others and her own self-survival be damned.</li></ul>The only redeeming characters are Jessica's mom (Alisa Jones) and Jeri Hogarth the ruthless yet human lawyer - both characters showing some complexity and depth in their portrayal with refined layers. The other characters (Jessica's associate, her love interest, Trish's mom, the cops) are just pure caricatures with little to no emotional or intellectual depth, and only serve as cheap pawns to the storyline.
<ul><li>Acting: 1/10 for Jessica Jones played by Kristen Ritter is probably the worse casting ever for a MCU super hero. Apart from her a-propos looks for Jessica Jones, though I could have thought of many other more talented young actresses playing her part, her annoying voice and irritating demeanor throughout the entire show make it hard to empathize with her horrific situation, that of a victim of abuse and experimentation struggling with her superpowers and conflicted past. What a waste of screen space &amp; time to have such a bad actress play such a complex character. Her dialogue &amp; monologue deliveries are so monotonous that I want to kill myself everytime one of her solo sequences appear, so I tend to fast forward these scenes after the first few episodes because I know nothing interesting will be uttered - the dialogues and inner thoughts just fall flat - think of watching paint dry and it is going to be more interesting. Apart from Jessica Jones, the other cast members do a better job but alas their characters are so antipathic that you just don't care about most of them and no amount of screen time will redeem for that flaw. However, special props and kudos to Janet McTeer (Alisa Jones) and Carrie-Ann Moss (Jeri Hogarth) who deliver strong powerful female performances with depth and complexity despite the terrible writing team. You will enjoy the little screen time both these characters have every time they show up, and this somewhat makes up for having to endure Jessica or Trish's stories.</li><li>Direction: 2/10. Again, what a poor choice in direction... a team of interchangeable directors who all homogenously deliver the same dull tasteless product, one episode after another... The slowest building in-action movie ever... Even the action scenes often feel dull apart from a few nicely choreographed sequences which is unlike all the other MCU shows you see on Netflix (even the Defenders where Jessica Jones also appears). </li></ul>For the most part, it's like watching a soap opera in slow motion embedded in a marvel comics action series... A really strange cocktail that's going to give you headaches after trying to binge watch it over the course of weeks since it's really impossible to wanna watch it like the other MCU shows... It's like waking up in Jessica Jones' body and head after she gorges liters of bad whiskey so I guess the creators of this show at least succeeded in that - making us feel miserable watching a miserable human being struggling with her superpowers... It's sort of the opposite of watching The Punisher I would say - another story about a human experiment gone wrong but this time done so powerfully well. Whereas the Punisher feels like you can't stop watching it with its gritty, gutsy, action packed sequences interspersed with believable emotional sequences and great dialogues, Jessica Jones is this turtle paced poorly acted and directed show antithesis to The Punisher. Whereas Iron Fist is at least entertaining with a good looking cast despite its lead character being a talentless boy, Jessica Jones just doesn't have any pacing that makes it enjoyable and entertaining... What a waste of money and people's time!
<ul><li>Production: 6/10 This one is hard to criticize since it's a big budget production so there's definitely good cinematography, good production design that is similar to the other MCU shows, except there aren't many interesting effects or designs, nor much super power exhibited apart from the usual jumps and strong kicks the heroin exhibits, which is fine by me... but come on, at least try to show it with originality. Don't waste your money in dull monologue scenes inside Jessica Jones' Alias apartment for 1/3rd or 1/4th of the show with such uninteresting stream of consciousness or thoughts. Honestly anyone who thinks has more interesting thoughts than Jessica, it's really that pathetic.</li></ul><br/><br/>Overall this is as bad a Marvel Comics show as can be as many have already reviewed so. I just wanted to add my rant to it.. because I really can't comprehend the 8.1/10 rating - probably a lot of good ratings stuffing from Netflix user bots. The lead actress was the worse casting decision, she is simply a terrible actress who doesn't play the part well or she was just given such bad monologues that she just can't get out of the mess that this show is. The screenplay & dialogues just make you feel like there really must be a dearth in talent these days among the hollywood pool of writers who get these kind of jobs (I'm sure there are many talented writers who for some reason can't get the attention of the decision makers - a shame). <br/><br/>My advice: Only watch the show if you're curious about how a multi-million dollar series can be so poorly executed... Or if you're a fan of Cary-Ann Moss (Trinity in the Matrix series), just fast forward to her sequences... She is really good in Jessica Jones and finds a lot more screen time than in the other MCU series on Netflix. Great storyline. Excellent acting. I love Daredevil and Luke Cage but JJ is the show makes wish I had Netflix and didn't have to wait for bluray The season 1 was great itself and the tone is carried from the whole Marvel TV verse. I thought the acting was top notch, the script was well put together and the story may not have been the most original but it was certainly delivered top class. I cant believe all the negative reviews here and i'm sure a few must be genuine but many are surely by ppl tasked to write bad reviews. I recommend this series to everyone. Wow. Talk about Millennialization. The last few episodes were a buildup to the most pyrrhic victory I've ever seen in the whole of the Marvel-Netflix shows. It makes me dread what we will see in the next seasons of the other shows. I mean how do you outdo the soul wrenching misery of the final episode short of tossing a love interest into a slow motion chipper-shredder and watching their bloody bits spray over the main character? Really! Cant the heroes have a happy ending? Remember those? A moment to bask in the glow of a righteous victory before a fade to black? Come on people, the Millennials aren't worth pandering to. Please return to the days of heroes getting to win in the end without making them walk through a pile of human excrement afterward. I really wanted to like Jessica Jones. I did. I do like Kristen Ritter, and she portrays Jessica very well, the problem is (and this exists in both seasons) is that they are really in some need of editing. The glacial pace and filler really hurts my viewing, as each season could have been done in five or six episodes, rather than 13. The second season was slower than the first and the big reveal, which I won't reveal here, was stretched out a bit too long. I hope that if there is a third season, they'll tighten things up a bit. After the surprising success of Netflix's Daredevil, I didn't knew what to expect about their next show, specially because I knew literally nothing about this character. When I saw it I had yet another very pleasant surprise. Sometimes I am not sure about which show is better, DD or JJ, both shows have a lot of great things about them. Once again the writing in Jessica Jones is amazing, Jessica had plenty of great lines and I loved Krysten Ritter's portrayal of the character and David Tennant was amazing as Kilgrave, his performance rivals D'Onofrio's performance as Kingpin, the score by Sean Callery is one of the best in the entire MCU, I just love the neo-noir style it has, and the show also has an excellent tone and atmosphere, Daredevil was dark because of the violence and gore, but Jessica Jones is dark because of it's themes, it deals with rape, PTSD, alcoholism, this has to be the most mature thing in the MCU so far. I was caught off guard when I watched this show, I never expected it to be as good as it was and I can't wait for season 2 I knew nothing of this character before it was announced that they would be making a show of it but given that I was from the same universe and network as Daredevil, there was no doubt I was going to watch it.<br/><br/>Boy was this hard to watch!<br/><br/>Where Daredevil is action, this is a psychological mindf**k. The themes are a lot heavier in this show and deal with rape of the mind. There were points where I felt that this show would have been better as a week-to-week show because I found it hard to watch more than three in a row.<br/><br/>Having said that, it is still a good show. The characters are interesting to watch and in what seems to be a regular occurrence with Netflix, the actors playing these characters are brilliantly casted.<br/><br/>My main exposure to David Tennant was Doctor Who and to see him in this as a psychotic nut job was a sight to behold. Rachael Taylor and Carrie-Anne Moss were awesome to watch and will hopefully see more of in the future.<br/><br/>The biggest character development and storyline would have to be from Malcolm (Eka Darville); from where he started to where he ended was just a big change in direction than what I thought he would have.<br/><br/>I am glad they killed Kilgrave, I don't think I could have watched another season with him in and I'm looking forward to seeing who the villain of Season Two will be.<br/><br/>As hard as this show was to watch, I will still be tuning in to Season Two. I really enjoyed "Daredevil", but wasn't sure what to expect from Jessica Jones, considering she is a rather minor character in the Marvel Universe. After a couple of episodes, here are my impressions:<br/><br/>The acting is OK. I know the way Ms. Ritter portrays JJ fits the back story, but at the same time, I eventually found myself rolling my eyes, as sometimes, it just is too much. YEAH, I GET IT... you are bitter, burnt out, sarcastic, disillusioned. No need to express it with every single facial expression, all the time. Even though her mood fits the character and its stories, eventually she starts to look like Bellas even grumpier sister.<br/><br/><ul><li>Some of the action scenes are pretty...cheap. In Ep. 3, there is a fight against a cop, and it looks quite crappy, very 70s-style. Closeup on JJ, her moving as if hitting something, cut, show a policeman flying through a door and hitting a shelf. Then JJ watches the policeman get up slowly, while trying to wake up a girl that was knocked out by repeatedly saying her name. VERY 70s and rather amusing instead of suspenseful. In the same episode, she walks through a building and is "surprise-attacked" several times by inhabitants. Always predictable, no suspense at all ("Yeah, I am sure the guy with the knife will now kill the main character of this series in episode 3 of season 1"). After the second fight (I think? Felt like the 15th...), she says "Man, I hope there are not more people living here...". And I thought "Yeah, I hope so too, because that would mean several more non-exciting and fake-looking fights".</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Yeah, we get it, JJ and Luke Cage are starting a relationship. Do we need constant reminders by way of sex-scenes? I'm by no means prude, but here it seemed just unnecessary to throw in so many of them,whether they involve Jessica or anyone else, and eventually it feels as if they are just there to make the show appear to be edgier, or like "Look, we are so cool by throwing all this in there, this is realism, you see?"</li></ul><br/><br/>It is an interesting experiment to take a rather lesser-known character and come up with a crime-show with a tiny bit of superhero-stuff instead of, say, a show that has a popular hero in costume for 90% of the time, and the way DD was set up, it worked well (to me, one of the best superhero-shows I have ever seen). For a while, even the "big mystery in her past" thing is interesting, but eventually, I lost interest, because things became dull quickly, and I didn't much care for the overly bitter and depressed main character. Big kudos to Netflix for doing these shows, I really like that, and DD was great, but this one didn't grab me, or at least not for long Overall, I enjoyed the story. It is another quality entry into the Netflix Marvel Universe. I enjoyed the series and David Tennant was great as the villain of the story. It provided a good origin story for Jessica Jones as well as introducing Luke Cage. It provides suspense, action, and takes a person into the mind of both someone with PTSD and also the sociopathilogical mind of Gilgrave. I'm hopeful for future Seasons that they can build on the story so she is able to embrace the good she Can do. <br/><br/>The only hole in the story is: Noise cancelling headphones would have been helpful. My first ever review on IMDb will be on Jessica Jones, as part of my journey to watch all superhero related TV series coming out lately!<br/><br/>Overall I genuinely enjoyed the series, I went into it blind knowing nothing about the characters within it but once finished felt I had a good idea due to the decently done character development. David Tennant I thought was excellent as Kilgrave and worked really well in the series, for me personally he steals the show! As for the plot I overall enjoyed but at times found it difficult to watch especially at the beginning however once past the first parts it speeds up a little and is much more watchable. Compared to some other series that can be in the same category, Gotham for one I just found easier to watch than Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>I hope there is a second season of Jessica Jones but I feel without David Tennant it will need another strong performance for the new villain or for better story writing for it to be worth watching, this first series will be worth your time though! Well, let's start with the main character itself, Jessica Jones. As a prototype, she has got everything to be a strong female character. She is very strong, she is a bit of no nonsense bad-ass, who do what she is pleased to do, she is highly independent persona. However, she is terrible. She never uses her power unless in a right way: there are literally hundreds of moments in a show, when it is obvious that she would be able to solve all the problems, she faces, using her extreme skills, instead all she does is destroy lock on doors, fight in a bar, with some random folks, get to her friends apartment. While watching a show, I could not help, but wonder why she is not knocking possessed folks unconscious, considering how strong she is and how easily she can do it, without killing them.What might be the reason for that? Maybe, because is just plain dumb. Well, there is nothing wrong with being not intelligent, Thor and Captain America, for instance, are not certainly among the smartest folks around, but they still manage to be quite likable characters. The biggest problem, that Jessica Jones is supposed to be better than this. She is private detective after all and presumably she is good at it, yet still she manages to amaze with lack of logic of her decisions.<br/><br/>To makes matters worse, her morality is quite conflicted as well. She probably cares about people(at least she says that numerous times), but she clearly do not treat them well. I understand that she is supposed to be cool, but she ended up being more of irritating character rather than likable one. Probably, showing her before encountering Kilgrave(will talk about him later) more than in one scene would be better, since it would help to understand depth and history of her character better. Some movies solve this problem by having their heroes talk about their past and their values, to show what they are really like. For example, in Clint Eastwood's "Gran Torino", we first see quite unlikable man, who later would show that he has a heart and sympathy, despite of what war and his kids has done to him, which makes him more interesting and deep character. Instead, Jessica Jones just leaves a bad aftertaste.<br/><br/>Actually, there is a very interesting and good character, brilliantly played by David Tennant, whom majority of people would recognize as former "Doctor Who". I really think that he should play villains more often. He portrays Kilgrave, very strong and charismatic mind controller, who messes with minds of everyone around him, who also has quite a good back story. He is like Professor X, but baddie. He single-handedly produces some of the best moments in a show(without spoiling anything, scene in police station and elevator). Observing him, I really could not help, but feel that the guy like this deserves a better opponent that Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>In a nutshell, for those who have not watched this show, I would not suggest to watch it, since despite having high ratings, it was quite disappointing show with a lot missed opportunities, which is a shame, given the resources they had. Just completed watching the first season this past week, and i have to say, i was a bit disappointed, since i was a bit hyped after a very successful Daredevil show, and thought this was on the same 'boat'. It wasn't.<br/><br/>Decent show, but completely overrated in its current rating and place in the top 250.<br/><br/>For flaws i'd state its slow pace, useless characters, cringe worthy dialog and just underwhelming story lines. Some of the characters just seem completely miscast whilst some of the actors do an amazing job, so it evens out on that regard. More so, the show just feels bland and cheap on the overall setting, and then highly contrasted that with unnecessary and gratuitous shock value, for no real reason.<br/><br/>I remain hopeful that it improves with further seasons, and it is still worth the watch if you some hours to fill, but right now, it's not that great, so don't expect much, which was probably my problem. High expectations not met. Jessica jones feels like classic film noir. I remember in 2015 when i first seen this series browsing through netflix. I didn't think much of it at the time but i decided to give it a try. I will never regret that choice. It took me by surprise in the first 10 minutes. Her character is so relatable and some might say a little too down to earth. She is a sarcastic, dark, edgy loner that is just trying to make a living. She keeps a small circle of her best friends that help her get through the day, one after another, until the next one. This series is meant for anybody who has ever been interested in detective/private eye/film noir. You will not be disappointed. This show isnt the flashy happy go lucky super hero everything will be ok at the end.. and its not supposed to be. Jessica Jones isn't for that audience. She has her own fan base for a anti-hero that is real and does what is right. I think before you read this review you can tell by the look of it and the description if its for you or not. If thats the case then great! But if not... i think this show deserves a shot if your contemplating. Definitely the best marvel series on netflix (which is saying something). If only more people could be like jessica jones...just finished season 2 and im hoping for a season 3. Literally nothing interesting happens, the characters are one dimensional and flat, and the storyline is a vanilla and all things plain. I watched season one and no longer to watch left season. Jessica's character wasn't powerful and didn't take a decision in some situations. Worst series i have seen.. Boring, dark and full of loopholes.. I thought this was meant to be a super sleuthing comic book action tv show but it turned out to be more like days of our lives with some bad action thrown in. It is true that the writing is a bit inconsistent in this fabulous, dark and original Marvel gem, but the writing of the characters is so phenomenoen that I could not help but becoming hooked. It has been a long time since I enjoyed watching characters on television like that, and kept on watching only to see what happens to them. Jessica Jones is remarkable. She is strong but yet so flawed, kind but too angry to care about anything. A badass alcoholic woman who loves to hate, does not bother with cliches of femininity and yet easy on the eye, Ryter owns this role. She is very realistic and her relationship with her child star sister Trish is complex and real. Hogarth as the badass lawyer shark is incredible! First lesbian role on marvel to be so open and compelling, she might be the most interesting character yet. Her story in season 2 was the most interesting thing I have seen on tv lately, and definitely compensated the terrible plot of Jessica and her mutant mother, which was the worst thing on the series.
It is not a perfect show at all in terms of writing, but the characters are fascinating, acting is flawless and directing and atmosphere is superb.
Season 1- half season was rather slow but was picking up towards second half to become masterful. Season 2 - a bit of a disaster with bad plot, no villain, but was saved by evolving of all the characters, and the hearty storyline of Hogarth that can climb out of pretty much anything. Season one was ok but season two is the same storyline. Became boring very fast into the second season. It starts well. And considering the overall ratings for the series are so high, you'd think it would at least hold your imagination.<br/><br/>Boy does it fail. Terrible writing. Terrible acting from the lead actress.<br/><br/>The show is seriously disappointing given its strong beginning. And whats worse? Its dull. Unbearably so in fact. <br/><br/>As the season crawls interminably towards its conclusion, one just wishes the writers had put just a little effort into character development<br/><br/>That said, its got a budget, and a cool idea for a plot. Just temper your expectations severely. (Minor spoilers discussing plot mechanics)<br/><br/>Set up as a battle of wits between villain and hero, the show instead leaves the viewer frustrated with how stupid the protagonists are. Time and time again the villain is allowed to escape, rarely by his own wit but instead by incredibly poor decisions on the part of protagonists. Combined with a plodding pace, this makes the show rather frustrating to watch.<br/><br/>The main draw is the less-than-perfect characters. Each one comes with baggage that the show explores and exploits, as if the show is providing social commentary on the downtrodden or susceptible in society. Unfortunately, the exploits are just a little too obvious, which makes each plot twist rather predictable and boring. Most of the time, the viewer is left wondering if the characters are really THAT stupid. (Yes.)<br/><br/>Overall, the slow pace and frustratingly obvious plot combine to torment the viewer. The show offers just barely enough to keep some level of interest, but it really doesn't get any better until the very last episode. Only then does the viewer get relief from the repetitive and entirely predictable failures of the heroes and plot. <br/><br/>Don't bother with this one. After watching Daredevil and reading heaps of praises on this new product from the collaboration of Netflix and Marvel, I decided to finally watch Jessica Jones. But unlike Daredevil, Jessica Jones fails terribly because of its characters and writing. <br/><br/>The title character of Jessica Jones(played by Krysten Ritter) is a failed super-hero, who becomes an alcohol addict and begins a new- found life as a Private Investigator. Jessica is a tomboyish, no bullshit person and this is the part that Krysten portrays brilliantly. But it's the parts where she is supposed to be a superhero that she fails to excel in. And I don't blame her as much as the writers. Giving the protagonist some flaws and keeping her realistic is interesting and praiseworthy, but to portray her as an immensely stupid person who fails to carry out a simple task three times is beyond ridiculous. Picture this: She captures the villain three times in the first ten episodes (that's all I could push myself to sit through) and he escapes all the three times! Barring the first escape, the other two times was purely due to her incapability and because makers wanted to have 13 episodes. <br/><br/>The basic premise is about how an incredibly powerful villain is crazy about the heroine and the collateral damage that's happening because of that. So there's not much happening story wise in the show. To make up for this, the writers add the most bizarre circumstances which could lead to expansion of the story line! The murder of Jessica's neighbor, how the deceased neighbor's sister comes to know that he's murdered and the Horgarth side story, all the three things made me cringe and pull the hair off my head! Picture this: Jessica's neighbor goes to her apartment to give her a pie(or something) and finds Kilgrave there. A complete stranger, inside her house that too in dark. And this neighbor ends up telling him after 5 seconds of conversation that he loves her!! I was actually happy that Kilgrave killed him! And don't even get me started on his sister getting to know that he actually isn't missing but was killed. That whole thing was so stupid that I stopped watching the show then and there. Both the plot twists just so that there is something to go on in the storyline!<br/><br/>The best thing about this show was the character of Kilgrave, played by David Tennant to beyond perfection. He's menacing, ruthless and so convincing that you actually start fearing him! I could watch him play Kilgrave in every Marvel production and I still won't be tired of him. Take a bow for him. Absolutely marvelous actor this guy is. Unfortunately, same could not be said of the rest of the supporting cast. Rachael Taylor's character is so annoying and pointless that one might start to think that the show was better off without her. Carrie-Anne Moss has spoiled "The Matrix" for me by being in the show. Why her character always gives in to Jessica's forced requests is never revealed! And her story line was basically formed for something which happens in episode 9 and 10, another example of something which was there merely so that the story could move on. No significance of its own whatsoever... And what's with the guy who plays Will? He's always smiling, no matter what the situation is!? Luke Cage's story is also shabbily handled but I can't say much on this as I did not(could not) finish watching the show...<br/><br/>In the end, because of the amateurish writing and annoying characters, this show fails to deliver like its predecessor. Better story and screenplay and more interesting supporting characters might help this show in the future. And for Krysten Ritter's sake, I hope they come up with much improved second season because the show has some scope if handled properly. Because that girl really tries hard to keep the show going despite its shortcomings. I am now watching the 3rd episode of the show.<br/><br/>So far it is fun to watch, Krysten Ritter is very good to the titular role and the whole film noir set-up it works just fine...<br/><br/>..BUT does she really needs to be a superhero?<br/><br/>I understand this show belongs to the marvel's universe of superheroes but I don't think it needed to be. Jessica Jones (especially played by Ritter) could have been a cynic female P.I.. A version of Philip Marlow (or something) without searching for a ...mind controlling villain.<br/><br/>From what I saw so far. She doesn't have to be. Just a tough girl who was kidnapped back then and now tries to stand on her own feet, not trusting anyone and searching for her kidnapper. And she only used her strength to break some locks, something easily bypassed making her expert at lockpicking.<br/><br/>Anyway. It is what it is I guess. A good show basically because of Ritter's performance and secondly because of the comic-ish direction of photography. As the #1 streaming giant Netflix continues to evolve from buyer of content to a creator of original content, the number of compelling shows not found anywhere on your TV channel guide continues to amass.<br/><br/>I have been a dedicated fan of House of Cards, tried and then passed on Orange is the New Black, enjoyed their rendering of season 4 for both the Killing and Longmire as well as several of their self produced documentaries.<br/><br/>Which brings us to one of their latest offerings, Marvel's Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>Given that I am not much of a fan for superhero genre, I had reservations about the show and story, until I learned the Krysten Ritter was slotted to play the lead character. I know little about her acting background other than she was stunning, with a tinge of sadness, as the love interest to the Jesse Pinkman character during season 2 of Breaking Bad. As Jessica Jones, she plays a broken, but still fighting against evil, former superhero turned private investigator.<br/><br/>Her character and story is formed slowly and as the pieces come together, we begin to understand the mystery behind why she is abrasive and yet compassionate, afraid and fearless, direct and then sometimes reticent. Her internal conflict evolves from having to come to gripes with a dark and troubling past life as a superhero. In short, the superhero backdrop offers a plot vehicle to form a engaging and moving story about the human condition.<br/><br/>While Ritter may be early in her acting career, she carries this show with ease and conviction and her ability to emote and pull you into her sad and conflicted story has turned this show into one of my current favorites.<br/><br/>As she builds her career as a private investigator, the cast of other characters that complete the background of the story amass, and the framework of her internal battle is fleshed out in such a way that the puzzle begins to take shape, the pieces start to fit together and are colorized, and subtleties are added, such that by the latter part the first season, I found myself surprised to be hooked and caring what happens next.<br/><br/>While giving props to several other important characters in the show, Jessica Jones is clearly a vehicle for Krysten Ritter to shine and add a necessary piece to her acting resume. With the exception of Jennifer Carpenter's blunt and foul mouthed sister in Dexter, I hold Ritter in a close 2nd as the most watchable female actress on video today.<br/><br/>In short, as long as the story line and dialogue continues to hit the same high mark as season 1, this show has the possibility to be a ratings giant for Netflix and offer another reason to keep watching. So I just binged watched Jessica Jones and I have to say it was very good. I honestly struggled between a 9 or an 8. Sadly I landed on an 8. Let me get the flaws over with first. The show crawls to an extreme slow to accommodate it's 13 episode quota. Seriously the show would repeat itself often; find a lead on the villain, lose the lead, stumble on another lead, rinse and repeat. This repeated for like 4 or 5 episodes. Second the show had a tendency to dumb down it's content with constant flashback's and zooming in on the obviously most important part of the scene. Guess you gotta dumb it down when you are dealing with comic book readers. lastly I felt the characters could have been better, especially the villain. He could have been a really thought provoking villain, instead he was just a guy with issues. Now for the good. It is mostly well written and kept my attention. The production quality was very high and never felt cheap. It has very good technical attention to detail and I loved how it got more and more desperate and dark as went along. I am giving this series a recommendation. I don't get this at all, she's the worst superhero, bad writing is all I can say. In season 1 she's more mind controlling than what's his face. She gets more people killed because she's a alcoholic. I don't know anyone who can survive drinking that much EVERYDAY, like every second scene is alcohol The acting is bad.No.All of this is bad.I would have someone stabbing me with a knife instead of watching this. Who thought this is a good idea?Seriously. I was a huge fan of this show for S1. I stood by it even when people were iffy/against the show.<br/><br/>Even though I was worried about Netflix's ability to ruin shows, I was still excited to jump into S2 to follow the story.<br/><br/>I got to episode 3 and saw enough to draw a conclusion, and what do you know? They've ruined it. Absolutely any character outside the core group of stars has been given garbage dialogue. It's at the point where I cannot tell if the acting is horrendous, or if it's the writing.<br/><br/>On top of that, and as another user said, the constant love affair with alcohol is getting into billboard territory-it's an advertisement. For as much as Netflix loves throwing leftist-extremist political innuendos into its shows, its producers never cease to turn a blind eye when the alcohol industry gives them a bump in revenue. 
Hint: They don't deserve to turn Netflix into a political platform if they, themselves, are the personification of garbage.<br/><br/>I've lowered my rating of Jessica Jones from a hype-based 10 star rating to a more reality-based 4 star rating. <br/><br/>I'd be happy to give them:
1. ..another 2 if the writers were more focused.
2. ..another 2 if the producers weren't pushing a political agenda
3. ..another 2 if Netflix wasn't so blatant with its advertising. Just another show to have porn in, next they will have Ron Jeremy as the bad guy. What is the difference between this and any porn flic out there? It's like nextflix writes shows around the sex scenes just see if they can get to the next level. The first season was lazy writing, zombies and mind control stuff. As least it had some nudity mixed in with the violence. The second season is a head scratcher. It is better, lighter, some smiles and jokes but still pretty dark. BUT the only folks getting naked are dudes, it's like a woman is in charge and said to clean it up or something. Take a clue from GOT -- we need some blood and nudity to keep us engaged with a female lead. Yes, the show has orgies and hookers and sex in bathrooms and all but not so much as some side-boob. And the second season is more engaging with the family dynamic over the mind control boredom. It is getting better but just throw us a boob every once in awhile. OH - and the show will go for almost a whole episode without her using her powers. What is that? It is a superhero show. We aren't watching for the plot and politics, show us something good! OH boy -- just finished 3rd season. Best writing yet BUT the only straight people on the show were JJ and her neighbor and their bed-mates. Every other character on the show was GLAAD: New secretary was transgender. Lawyer, killer, victims, cop, bad lawyer, etc ... all attracted to same gender. In what weird, alternate universe was this created? Weird. Also, the Feminist Agenda was so loud you couldn't hear the music. We did see some dudes working out shirtless but not a single nude scene by a woman in the whole season. Like LUKE CAGE made white's the enemy (actual quote from the show "you are blue which is just about as bad as white to a n*&*^er"), this show makes men the enemy. The killer and the incompetent pawns are all men while the strong characters and the corporate leaders are all women. Even the killer, an accomplished wrestler is thrown around with ease by JJ and her sister more than once -- would have been more interesting if he were more of a physical foe (see Kingpin or Baine). Overall - lots of missed opportunities here to press a few agendas that overwhelm the writing. I've almost given up on Marvel, I just think they're a bunch of silly nerds.<br/><br/>They really, really bit off more than they could chew with this one. This needed a smart set of writers and an acceptance that the usual lowbrow audience wasn't the target audience.<br/><br/>Marvel've had a couple of moments.<br/><br/>Deadpool is great, but it's pure slapstick and works because of everyone who contributed to the MOVIE, that's the MOVIE.<br/><br/>The first season of Daredevil rocked, but as everyone has already stated the second season is a disaster.<br/><br/>Agents of SHIELD was OK till it became obvious it was just the same plot with different toys over and over again.<br/><br/>I couldn't get through one episode of Agent Carter and just want Haley Atwell to die die die.<br/><br/>And the Thor, etc, movies - WHO CARES. It's just different clowns in different costumes and things blowing up WHO. THE ****. CARES.<br/><br/>Personally, I think DC are kicking their asses - certainly Gotham is. Can't believe how much I get sucked in by each episode.<br/><br/>So, we get to Jessica Jones ...<br/><br/>I think the theme music sums it up brilliantly. It starts off with this beautifully dark, jazzy theme that gives you a nice little shiver. Ooh, you think! Pensive. This has the potential to be weird and intriguing.<br/><br/>But then the Artist Formerly Known As The Annoying Guitarist screeches in, and with one good key-change in a wall of over-baked nonsense, pretty much any originality goes out the window. Attempt to save with one little arpeggio at the end. Enter episode...<br/><br/>And yeah. That's kinda how the series goes, too.<br/><br/>Oh one thing. If you are about to say "Yeah but the COMICS/GRAPHIC NOVELS that this was DERIVED from ...". I need you do do something for me -<br/><br/>Take your original comic book series for this story. In their original plastic covers. Roll them into a tight cylinder.<br/><br/>Now, bend over.<br/><br/>Drop your trousers.<br/><br/>And insert them violently into your anus. Get it up there. Got it up there? Oh yeahhhhhh. It's up there. It's up there gooooood.<br/><br/>Now, we continue.<br/><br/>A heroine who is utterly unlikeable. Somebody (with super powers) needs to smack her.<br/><br/>Her self-obsessed friend. Somebody needs to smack her.<br/><br/>Her annoying boyfriend. Somebody needs to smack him.<br/><br/>And so on and so forth.<br/><br/>Nobody, not one character in this entire play is likable. You don't care when or if any of them die. They are all utterly expendable.<br/><br/>Not even David "The Mumbling Scots Git" Tennant's acting chops could save this. He's a good villain, but this role isn't a 'likeable villain', so we get no sympathy hit there either. (Btw, he still mumbles several important lines, just like he did in Doctor Who. I don't understand why no director makes him re-take. Is it a 'best take out of 5' type situation with him??)<br/><br/>The concept, like all concepts, is an old one. But the setup for this usage of it really, really had the potential to be brilliant.<br/><br/>A gritty PI story.<br/><br/>Reconstructing what happens in flashback.<br/><br/>Shocks aplenty - who is to be trusted? Anyone?<br/><br/>And what of the villain's own background? What there? What can Jessica find about about h...<br/><br/>Oops sorry, I nearly started caring.<br/><br/>And that's the problem. It just fumbles on and on, with characters making stupid decision after stupid decision, and tells a story that would have fitted neatly into six episodes but they had to drag it out and out.<br/><br/>And as usual, they started 'talking about their feelings' (yeah, apparently Marvel's 2d-cutout characters have 'feelings', and apparently we are supposed to care about them too) towards the end, and out came the fast-forward button.<br/><br/>Oh and my god - the STUNT acting was ATROCIOUS! What was the story?? Every time Jessica picked something up and threw it I was reminded of the awful plays Joey got stuck in in Friends. Or the set-destruction that the boys used to do in 'The Goodies', where in it was DELIBERATE for COMIC EFFECT.<br/><br/>So bad.<br/><br/>And just for extra icing -<br/><br/>Extras who do everything short of breaking the fourth wall to indicate they are not real people in the street.<br/><br/>Nossir.<br/><br/>Nossir I didn't like it... by which I mean I was deeply, deeply underwhelmed.<br/><br/>By something that could have been REALLY GOOD.<br/><br/>If it hadn't been written by DUMB PEOPLE.<br/><br/>- <br/><br/>-- <br/><br/>--- Season 3 was amazing, even Netflix couldn't ruin it with their constant attempts to inject some "progressive" tripe into the Marvel universe. Highly recommended! Most of the reviews here were put badly regarding to season 2, while i see season 1 is the worst one ever. If you're tired of all the constant, unrelenting violent action that plagues every superhero outing, along with overdone CGI, then this one is for you. I'm just in such awe of all the negative reviews here that it's really rather nauseating. One of the reasons I like this one so much is that I grew tired of Daredevil after only one season. Who wants a superhero who gets the absolute crap beat out of him to near death every single episode? Seriously.<br/><br/>The series is very noir-like right from the opening theme, which won an Emmy, by the way. Jessica Jones herself is the quintessential anti-superhero. A depressed, raging alcoholic who can't even get drunk, further exemplifying her sucky life. Season 2 gives us her backstory and how she acquired her powers. If you went through what she did you'd probably flip your own off switch.<br/><br/>Yes there may be too many fingers in the writing till but they're able to pretty evenly maintain the characters.<br/><br/>I love Krysten Ritter and believe she was cast perfectly, right down to the slightly upturned nose we see in early comic book female character depictions.<br/><br/>Put aside your superhero expectations here and you will like this show. Jessica never smiles and kills her pain with sex and alcohol. She banged Luke Cage several times in the first season, giving us a good glimpse of the characters humanity. I might even have to watch it all over again. Season 2, much like its predecessor, is accomplished in many ways: thematically, poetically, cinematically, and structurally. Ignore the haters, please, and watch for yourself. You will understand there's a true development of character structure, the good and bad guys have neuances of being both good and bad, and the story rests on the hero inside rather than her physical prowess, which, if you get to view the show, that's exactly what's addresses-too much focus on the external, and yet, this is but one of many themes embedded in the 13-part series. I really wanted to like this show considering it's a female lead superhero series however they let us all down tremendously. The main lead actor, Krysten Ritter, is terrible (sorry)! She's over acting every step of the way it's so unnatural and painful to watch! Elementary at best. What were they thinking surrounding her with all tremendous wonderful actors? Makes her stand out like a sore thumb!!! This series does NOT deserve to be ranked up there with Broadchurch or Victoria or The Knick! Don't waste your time. Yes, unlike Season 1, which was great, Season 2 left a lot to be desired. But, what I want to know is why it is so fashionable lately for Jesus Christ to be swear word? It's too bad for the rest of us -- one-third of the world -- that finds blasphemy even more offensive than this lackluster script. Who other than Krysten Ritter could you imagine being Jessica Jones? She has made this role hers, and now i could not even imagine any other actress being jessica..as a long term marvel fan, and a huge fan of the cinema/movies in general..its great to see that we get a season 2 ....and hopefully more season's to follow...Well done Krysten.. Jessica Jones is the daughter of Indiana in this retelling of the Indiana Jones stories. A bit too much supernatural elements but a worthy predecessor to Sean Patrick Flannery. I watched only 3 episodes and it was a torture, Iron Fist at least had some interesting plot, even like that, the 4 shows were a torture to watch, I watched them just because these days are lack of original and masterpieces shows like The OA, Breaking Bad or Dark, so, I gave them a try, but Marvel has to stop investing in crap characters like Jessica Jones or Luke Cage or Daredevil(Iron fist is the only interesting character of the 4) and start investing in the best characters they have, like Nova, Vision, Galactus, etc 1/10 just for the good acting, the show is a 0/10, the script and plot are a 0, terrible. Does anybody wonder why Killgrave can't just assassinate Jessica by mind-controlling a swat team or a military unit armed with guns? Instead, he sets up these absurd scenarios like a Scooby Doo villain, and then runs off through his escape hatch when things get hairy.<br/><br/>I mean he can literally just create a mindless army of killers, or influence himself into high political positions, or take over corporations, or any number of things using his ridiculous power. And all we get is a grown man-child obsessing over his affection. And a superhero who cares more about the young prisoner she feels responsible for instead of the dozens of people Killgrave is killing while she is playing soft-ball. Get real.<br/><br/>This whole season, we're dragged through this horrible Twilight melodrama about unhealthy affection and shallow sub-plots. Where is the vision, the adversity, and the depth in this show? With the 8.0 rating, I expected better.<br/><br/>I finished Season 1 since the reviews gave it good praise, but I did not find anything but an below-average superhero plot and average character development. The other seasons which I've heard bad things about will get no time from me. CGI and makeup are absolute garbage.
-Fighting scenes are a disaster
-Can barely move a guy without special effects-also jumps with him 50 meters high
-Gets hit in the left side-her liver hurts
-Jumps off a building- her dress doesn't move an inch. As if it were static
-Bomb exploding on the sidewalk- the car parked next to it explodes from the inside in a "mushroom", and the person closest to the bomb is the only one who survives.
-You need to get the blue pill to get better - 3 minutes later: Oh my God, what di we do? Call an ambulance! How about going to get the fking blue pill?
-Gets someone's head out of a river after 5 minutes: head looks like it's been underwater for 2 weeks
<ul><li>Gets 30 cuts with a 7 c/3 inches knife: gets a few scratches that do not bleed</li></ul> This is the worst super hero Marvel has made. She is an alcoholic skeleton looking like can't fight annoying nothing to look at.
Iron fist, daredevil, Luke cage awesome. Defenders cool but when she came out in it the camera on the fighting scenes didn't even point at her cause she can't fight. All she can do is jump high wow my chihuahuas do that all the time and they are 2 lbs. strong wow Luke cage is better. Sorry but after watching the show I am upset cause it was boring and I lost my awesome time on Jessica Jones... I don't recommend watching it. Not unless your 60 years old and blind. My opinion 6/10 * More fights would have been better and .... if the mother hadn't died and fought for the good together with her daughter, the series would definitely have been a 10/10 * for me. Very sad.<br/><br/>Some episodes were talked a little too much. This series is supposed to be about a retired superhero but it is actually about her nemesis so it should be called Getting Kilgrave rather than jessica jones...really...the entire show, including her life, actions, identity, motivation, work, do not portray jessica jones but rather the chase to get Kilgrave which is disappointing as if we had to chance to watch her unfold and shine, it would have been more enjoyable...it's almost as the viewer is not allowed to enjoy but rather maintain a constant frustration Super hero afraid of Villains ha ha ha... If you had watched all Marvel Movies & think about to watch Marvel TV shows like this. My suggestion pleased don't watch this bored season's. The super hero with no super power. Very Very Bored seasons. If you wait for when fight come and super hero win , than your dream take 13 bored episode to achieve that. At least add some VFX that audience love to watch your bored season's. Its boring to see 13 episode. You think that some thing interesting come but you disappointed. I stop watching after 3 episode, So much bored. Shame on Marvel. Disgusting shows. I like the show not bad I'm still in season 1, but ok PTSD and drunk doesn't give you the right to be completely illogical person. But good concept I like it. This series is surprisingly respectable for something from Marvel.Unfortunately, the makers were incredibly sloppy. Too often nothing matches to another. So it is ridiculous instead of thrilling. As great as the series is and Krysten Ritter and all the others are great. Season 1, the storyline makes no sense other than a reason for the series.<br/><br/>The characters are fantastic, watch it, but, sadly, how many lives do you sacrifice before you decide 1 life is all you need! Its over after trish kills jessica mother that characters started some life in the series but remained for very small time The Patsy Walker character wasn't really done justice! They added the token colors of her Marvel costume & that was it. Hellcat was an Avenger & Defender in the comics! Netflix really isn't doing these characters right by underutilizing source material. Clearly they could use writers with a broader, longer vision incorporating the material available! They need to pick people who simply are more knowledgeable on comic book history! I really loved the idea but god they dragged it a lot. They could tell the whole story in 5-6 episode instead of dragging... I really don't get the hype around it.
There are lots of plot hole, Jessica, Kilgrave, and the lawyer are not relatable characters at all. Someone who can control all the minds but the only thing he is doing in his life is to either hurt or attract Jessica, and he can do it in a second but he won't! And the limits of Jessica's power changes in the plot a lot! Sometimes people can get her, sometimes she knocks everyone out...Lots of people got killed so just Hope can be saved!!! It could be much better... Started watching season two. I still don't understand why the title character behaves in a manner that is so dysfunctional. Allegedly she has powers, she is able to help people, but instead continues to harm herself.<br/><br/>She is strong, but not Hulk, Thor, Cage, etc. strong. She has vulnerabilities. Mentally and physically. And she is, so far, not the sharpest tool in the shed. I still don't get it.<br/><br/>Can someone explain the appeal? The Best Tv-Show I Have Ever Watched, Jessica Jones from start to finish consistently amazing the crime thriller the excitement the first series with Killgrave being chased and chasing Jessica the second season Jessica learns her mother was alive after most of her life believing she was dead and the third and final season was the best Jessica has all of her abilities put the line to find a mass murder. I like TV show with smart credible caracter! In season 1 you have a very one of kind private investigator with super skills... But she don't think about freaking ears plugs!!! She can stop Ã  car with a punch without any scratch but all her face's bleeding after some faceslap by an hyptnotized housewife!! Jessica Jones you are a one of kind beauty... with a one of kind boring credibility!! Season 1 was all about the cat & mouse game with Killgrave. But with season 2 I noticed what a powerful role Malcom is. I only have one question. Jessica!!! Have you ever tried ear plug????? I was late to starting the Netflix Marvel shows. I watched half of Daredevil Season 1 last year, finished it and season 2 just last week. The first season had some dull moments, but overall it was great. Season 2 had a shaky start, but it blew it out of the water by the end.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones had a really strong start, but then it started to alternate good and bad episodes and ended pretty awfully.<br/><br/>This series felt like it should have been a clean 10 episode season, hell even maybe a 8 episode series. Despite not being the usual network TV 24 episode season, even 13 felt like it was stretching the story way too much.<br/><br/>There were really strong and fantastic moments throughout, but they were really sporadic and just brought everything down when it was lacking. There are for sure 3 episodes that are pointless and don't move the plot along at all..and two of them are in the final 3 episodes! The stuff they add to the series could have been covered in other episodes, or had way less time spent with them.<br/><br/>A majority of the useless elements revolve around the secondary characters that add nothing to the show except to stretch out an episode. The drug addict neighbor has a great twist by episode 4, but the rest of the 9 episodes he has way too much focus with a side plot that really adds nothing to the series. Him along with a cop Kilgrave controls at the start become much more fleshed out and turned into an awful character.<br/><br/>Jessica's adoptive sister has good moments, but towards the end of the season the writers had NO idea what to do with her! They felt the need to still add her since she was established, but her character makes no sense towards the ending.<br/><br/>There's a good noir detective show within this season, but it gets dragged down by way too many characters with arcs that don't need to have arcs. So much of the show is just Jessica working out how to find Kilgrave and really ends up feeling like filler. Especially when she captures him like 3 times in the series, but then he escapes each time!<br/><br/>A lot of little plot annoyances are spread throughout the show. Why was the headphones with loud music as a tactic against hearing Kilgrave's voice only used until the very end???<br/><br/>Also, the whole contrivance of Jessica looking to capture him to prove Hopes innocence is annoying. He's already effecting more lives and killing people, so it makes no sense for Jessica to prove his powers if she wants to save Hope's life when other are dying left and right when he wants to get rid of them! Just kill him from the start and have Hope take the plea bargain.<br/><br/>Don't even get me started about the episode with the cop chomping on pills to make him stronger...I know it's from the comics, but there's stuff Marvel Universe writers know how to adapt to make them work on film or stuff they just keep out because of how stupid they are. That was one they should have skipped over. Simpson should have been cut out of the whole series to be honest.<br/><br/>It's a shame that the really bad, dull, and pointless moments bring down the great episodes or moments of the show. It causes it overall to just be a mixed bag of a series that is borderline unwatchable at times. It felt like 50% of it was just her waiting around until something happened.<br/><br/>The writing should have been tightened up for sure and only been a 10 episode series. They could have cut out all of the useless characters and story arcs and made this a really well paced and contained series. I just think that they felt the need to do 13 episodes so it had the same amount as Daredevil.<br/><br/>I wanted so much to like it, but I just couldn't help but feel like too much of it was a drag to watch. I know Daredevil started off the Marvel Universe on Netflix, but Jessica Jones was one of my favorites. Who wouldn't like a moody goth grunge looking girl that has a bad attitude and can throw people through brick walls, right?!<br/><br/>So, the third season started off a bit slow. I felt like it wasn't a series plot as much as just "show by show" plots. It did come together, but at the end I found myself a bit lost.<br/><br/>Sister is off to the "Raft", which I'm not sure if I saw that in Luke Cage or any of the others. I was expecting to see her walked down an isle of cells with other Marvel badguys, kind of giving us an idea of the hell hole it was.<br/><br/>Then, Jessica closes up shop, rightfully hands the keys of the agency to her apprentice and leaves NY which had nothing left holding her there. Oddly, was that David Tenant's voice somehow reaching her from the grave? Did she take the ticket to El Paso, TX or not? That scene in Grand Central(?) was supposed to say what? Even though it ended, I get leaving the ending somewhat open as in "Jessica's Story Continues even though we aren't going to show you anymore of her stories". But, honestly, that ending didn't say anything but "Are you confused yet?"<br/><br/>So, Netflix has now officially ended it's Marvel ties. According to contracts, Disney can't make any for their streaming service in this part of the Marvel Universe for two years from Cancellation. Given the fact that J.J. took two years in-between seasons, If they wanted to continue or reboot we would just be waiting the normal amount of time. I can't see Disney giving up on Daredevil and Punisher. I mean, they did three different Punisher movies before the Netflix series arrived. Dolph Lundgren was the first in 1989, then the Thomas Jane/John Travolta 2004 version and finally the Punisher: War Zone with Ray Stevenson in 2008. None of them were spectacular, but they were all entertaining to some degree. The series on Netflix with Jon Bernthal was the best of them. I'm also guessing they would like to keep the Luke Cage series, which was pretty good. I know everyone wants to see a complete reboot of "Iron Fist".<br/><br/>Well, for what it's worth, I've enjoyed the Netflix MCU series. In a way, I'm sad to see it go, but Disney owns it now and everything MCU seems to be gold. Just think about the fact they did $1.2 Billion with Captain Marvel and $2.75 Billion with Avengers: Endgame in just the first half of 2019 and they have the next Spider-main this summer and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker is still coming at Christmas. Mixing in Aladdin and The Lion King, they might be playing at making near $10 Billion this year just in ticket sales.<br/><br/>Well, I can't wait to see what Disney does with the MCU in series like Netflix had running. Jessica jones second season is a definite letdown because of kilgraves absence but Kristen Ritter remains great as usual. Well, The series is so good and i love the final of season 1 it's a great idea what Jessica do in the final episode, and the final of season 2 i don't like it, I was hope Jessica mom still alive and live with her daughter in pace in another country it will be a great end but that doesn't happened so i can't imagine it will be another season after the final in season 2 it's impossible but i hope so, i loved the action and all move from Jessica this character is so good i love it, And we didn't understand if Trish hvae a superpower or not i hope she haven't. Read all the negativity surrounding season 2.
I thought it gave much deeper depth to the main character. Improved my score from 7/10 to 8/10.
I love action but the action here is limited. It is used superbly when needed though. Dry humour and sarcasm is what makes Jessica. Bring on the next season! Overrated! Scenes are underdeveloped. Seems like Netflix didn't invest enough or weren't bothered much with this series. Just complete lack of detailing. Authentic waste of time. I really don't know what went wrong here, I think there's only some much darkness and unhappy people you can watch and find entertaining. Season 2 on the whole was full and all over the place!
The only good bits were the short return of Kilgrave, which added some long needed humour as well as one of the final scenes with the robbery in a store.
The little use of any superpowers we're poorly done or catching your phone with your foot!!!
Also to have it end with a headshot from a pistol on a high up moving target, from a civilian!!! A shot a marksman with a sniper would be proud of!! 
It was such a disappointing season, after season 1 showed such promise! Season one was great, a little drawned out, but great. Season two was just bad. I fast forward through a lot of stuff. Her mother being alive just killed it for me, especially when her half-sister killed Jessica's mom. Then there's the other subplot of that attorney. It was uncalled for. I hope season three is better. Im not sure how a show can go from being well written with great acting and a fantastic arc from start to finish to a sluggish plot with horrible villians and somehow making all the characters i loved from S1 unlikable (Jessica, Malcolm, Trish) but Jessica Jones manages to do it. S2 is unbelievably bad. Characters make insane decisions for the weakest of reasons such as Trish. "Oh my sister has powers and my mother is abusive. Because of this i want super powers????? Throughout the whole show Trish wants to help catch the bad guy and put him in prison until she actually catches him. Now she wants him to make here a super hero even after she raved about how he hurt Jessica... god this show makes me so mad. I really hope S3 is good but i doubt it will be. Side note how does this garbage have 83% on RT? Reviewers are so dumb sometimes Season 1 10/10
Season 2 4/10 at best 
David Tennant's villain is incredible and such a good match for Jessica Jones and every epist has story and character but in season 2 it starts to really slow to a grinding halt of nothingness a bit like some episodes of Iron fist and punisher.
Basically watch s1 no 2 When Jessica Jones first came out on netflix three years ago, it became a surprise hit in an evolving shared universe between the MCU and the Marvel TV shows, with shows like Daredevil, Iron Fist, and the Punisher all leading up to The Defenders, which was meh. It has made Krysten Ritter a household name, and has developed a cult following. OK, I'm a sucker for hard boiled hard drinking Raymon Chandler-esq noir, but this succeeds where other attempts have failed (Agent Carter, for instance) because each and every character has a depth and nuance and motivation rarely seen on the small screen. <br/><br/>I will admit the first season is a bit better than the second, but I recently rewatched the second and found some things I missed- it's very good as well. I came away from the first season thinking I might have had a better time rewatching Daredevil. 
Jones was well acted, and although I generally never felt any particular affinity for the protagonist, the characters were convincing enough to keep me in for the first season's entirity. However, at time I felt the writing was sloppy, and resorted to tropes like the storm trooper shooters, and overplayed the gore for shock value. Worst, I felt the tension in pursuing the antagonist was poorly paced, often ending escapades in a certain deux ex machina fashion.
Entertaining, I doubt I'll be returning for the second season. I love this series and really liked the story line with mama Jones. Trish is annoying though, her story line was bad This show seemed so promising. The mysterious past, the sardonic sense of humour, the whirl of supporting characters with hints of their own demons. Now that I've watched all of the first season, I'm convinced that there's no meat on the bone. The only thing that made this worthwhile was the character of Kilgrave (and the actor with it). Apart from that, it's a wannabe super-hero movie/series with glimpses of Sin City, a zombie show and Suits, but doesn't manage any of these well. I am disappointed. I really liked the sound of each character, as well as the plot, but it just doesn't come together, no matter how long I waited. Wasted talent. Im not into action, thriller or something kinda that but this movie is really interesting!! season 1 is more entertaining but season 2 is not that bad, keep it going! Season 1 was amazing that I'd rate it 9/10
Season 2 was annoying that i'd Rate it 5/10<br/><br/>Season 2 is annoying due to the fact of too much drama specially from Trish Walker who is a self-righteous girl who is really jealous from Jessica Jones and the fact that she has powers. Trish can do everything and get away with it which shows the audience if you are white and rich you can do anything you want and no one can stop you
They should kill her off the show, she isn't anything like in the comics.
Trish's mother is just annoying , literally no other word can explain her.
Jessica's mother is over to the rate that it's annoying.
Jessica is the only female character in this season(2) that is interesting to watch.<br/><br/>I thought this show was supposed to increase the idea of women power as well.
All we can see is that they portrayed negatively and we can see that when women have power it is a disastrous thing. I really, really try to like, but the writers ruins everything, I hope a revindication in season 3, Jessica of season 1 needs to be rescued. This is the first time for any MCU marvel tv show or movie that i've never watched upon release. In fact i didn't know the show came out until a day after it came out.<br/><br/>After knowing that the show was released I still didn't budge to watch it until 3 months later. Season 1 was ok good. Season 2 was just plain boring.<br/><br/>I give all shows or movies a fair chance before I really judge it.<br/><br/>Now after spending a day watching Jessica Jones season 2, this show was boring. The story didn't get anywhere. the whole show was about....umm...I don't even know. from what i saw it was just women being angry and yelling.<br/><br/>And For the first time as well i skipped a few episodes just to see the finale that has never happened to me before EVER!!!!<br/><br/>Jessica Jones season 2 for me was boring. I tried to give it a chance but it did nothing for me.<br/><br/>Season 3 was an automatic skip. Feels like a job trying to get through this season. Slow, boring, agenda driven... Clearly-not-for-kid MCU tv series just got a lot deeper and meaningful. All the characters in the second season are so full and very well portraited. The story line is painfully good and I feel for everybody in it. Jessica become very adorable on this season too! It seems that the thing to do for netflix / marvel tv shows is to fill the series with stupid characters making stupid decisions<br/><br/>It happened all over iron fist, defenders and now JJ S2; Season 2 took a nosedive. Extremely boring first episode and then just gets worst and worst. After EP 11 season one it's zero stars as it jumps fonzie and the shark and the jet sky he road in on. It is so out there post EP 10 really and doesn't make any sense what so ever that i'd then give it whatever stars mean that I could not even finish the season. I began rooting for kilgrave everyone else was so inane. The first 6 eps are great - 9 stars. This whole thing of anyone can't kill kilgrave until she frees Hope we go along with and it keeps Jessica, (Kristin Ritter is amazing), stuck which is good for drama. The cast is fantastic. It looks fantastic. And then....it must be very hard to make a tv show - so hard everyone loses their minds and say things like kilgrave had a virus, no they gave him a virus (to cure him?), or wait, no, he IS a virus...it's such a shame. Anyway, enjoy the first 9 eps and know you won't want to stay in this relationship, but it'll be a nice short fling. Get out early and you won't be bitter like I am, I stayed too long. I only watched this show for kilgrave, with out him I'll would have gave the show 1 Star So my rating above encompasses both season 1 and season 2. That said, this review will primarily focus on season 2. <br/><br/>I was, quite frankly, blown away by season 2 of Jessica Jones. It was emotional, memorable, and clever. The message of addiction weaved throughout was exceedingly well done, the emotion was absolutely palpable, and the characters came straight to life. <br/><br/>That said, there is a bit of a feminist message at times. I can only remember once or twice when it got grating, but for the most part, I was able to avoid it. Of the "girl power" series I've seen, this is among the best. Solid consideration is evident for the considerations of not only the main characters, but the supporting cast as well. Strong male characters exist, but with readily evident flaws, such that they never really stand a chance of stealing the spotlight.<br/><br/>Some rather brilliant performances but the fundamental ethics of the whole series is rather overwhelming. What really irks me is how fundamental ethical tenants are undermined by touchy-feely lines of reasoning. She's killed people in a rage and seemingly on a whim, but let's have a heart to heart mother-daughter chat that actually means something. That totally makes sense. How about spontaneously sniping someone with a pistol on the ferris wheel? Nevermind the feasibility of the shot, why pull the trigger at all?<br/><br/>So, I get it, we've been without a legitimate female badass for a while, and this scratches the itch, but there's no need to get sloppy with the writing. Do we need to raise a generation of girls that says "eh, murder is ok sometimes"? I really enjoyed the first half of the first season with great enthusiasm..
however the progress of the series becomes so monotous in the second half, its just too much far-fetched as if scenarist/director wants to extend the topic more than it has the content to finish the season... What i enjoy in such fantastic/heroic series that they keep their integrity and a sort of realistic approach to the universe in itself..However in this one, the turn of events becomes so unrealistic in every corner, its just too much eye-hurting to watch such discrepancies in logic.. <br/><br/>Frankly speaking i just quit watching it after 10th episode for good, and i will never return back for it...<br/><br/>overall: 5.5 By the end of season 2 I just wanted every character on this show to die. I hated them all with a passion. Horrible story, terrible acting, and maybe one of the most annoying wastes of time I've ever experienced. At some I just kept watching just to see how bad it would continue to get. And I wasn't disappointed. Except not everyone dies at the end, which is too bad. Marvel scriptwriters know original! Like, when the Incredible Hulk fights a bad guy, it's another "Hulk" (or two or three), and the main one is daddy. And when Thor fights a bad guy, it's another Thor-type; his brother, in fact. Captain America fight another Cap kinda guy; his brother. Iron Man - Tony Stark is a genius and has the only Iron Man suit in the world, except for Don Cheafle's "Iron Man" and 1000 auto Iron Man robots (I thought "Iron men" were brilliant inventions. It seems that any half-brain (Mickey Rourke) can make them by the thousands). So now, in season 2 of Jessica Jones, who is a very strong woman, she battles another, well, very strong woman - her mom. Who could have predicted that, huh? Come ON, Marvel. David Tennant's character in season 1 was brilliantly thought out - creepy, frightening, the ultimate dangerous bad guy. Why go completely formulaic in season 2? This is All My Children with strong chicks. Highly, highly disappointing. After the great first season and her appearance in the defenders I was really excited to see Jessica jones story continue in the second season of her show, unfortunately I feel like this season was really disappointing and a big step back for the character. The premise of the season sees Jessica and Trish go on the hunt after the people possibly responsible for Jessica getting her powers. Krysten ritter reprises her role as the title character and she is easily the best part of this season. She is still the boozed up not caring PI and she just just encapsulates the role really well with her adding depth to her tortured character, she has a really interesting story throughout and I enjoyed watching her. Rachael Taylor is back as Trish and she also had an interesting story this season, her character goes through a lot this season and she does carry it well to make her a more complex character then she was in the first season. But I feel like some of the reprising characters didn't fare so well eka darville's malcolm and Carrie Ann moss as jeri hogarth just weren't as interesting this season, there story arcs just didn't interest in me and especially with hogarths i felt like it was unnecessary. The villain is also weak and not worthy of this show which really hurts when you consider how strong kilgrave was as the villain in the first season. The story once again is a very personal one for Jessica and I thought in some aspects they dealt with that well, adding to the complexity of her character. But I feel like there was too many sub plots this season that felt added on with not enough relevance to the overall plot, also this films ending feels really rushed and I just felt lit lacked the impact that the first season had. The script had some pretty well done humour like you would expect from a quick talking main character, but the majority of the time the dram didn't hit me enough to where I cared about the characters especially who weren't Jessica. The style of this show just wasn't as good as I wanted, this season tried to speed up the pace of the show and it just didn't really work for me especially over the first few episodes which felt pretty cheesy. It gets better but it doesn't have that interesting tempo that the first season had. Overall after iron fist and this season of Jessica jones, my anticipation for these marvel Netflix shows is going down and I think if you watch this season you will be disappointed like me. The First season of Jessica Jones was satisfying from episode one to the end. Season two is less so. The season started well but got down in too many plot lines. Cutting the lawyer arc would have helped tighten the show. Some of the plot threads could have been saved for Season three along with the too long character development. I didn't need the ghost of the villain from season one. By the last three episodes I was no longer engaged. I just wanted to know how the show ended. I give season one a ten and season two a six. I'm hoping that season three is tighter. I can see why some people could be turned off by this show. But you have to first understand that any TV made today will be tainted by Millennials. They want darkness, misery, back stabbing, shifting loyalties and pyrrhic victories. Nothing made today can avoid having these qualities. You either have to look past them or watch old TV shows on Hulu. Sucks just a lot. <br/><br/>However, looking past the Millennialization of all that is good in the world, the Netflix Marvel shows have plenty that make them worth watching. I loved how Hogarth was giving a speech in front of a women in business group about all the PC crap and then we find out she is doing it because she is facing a sexual harassment suit. Then we hear how the "victim" was "asking for it" and as evidence she points to how the victim dressed. I fell out of the chair laughing. <br/><br/>Something we've seen in all the shows is how people with powers are discriminated against, but several of the situations are choice. I love the scene where the female black cop accuses Jessica of working with the killer because "isn't that what YOU PEOPLE do?" Classic.<br/><br/>I do enjoy Trish shooting down the gluten diet author. How many people die from gluten? Is it worse than a long list of other stuff? I loved that.<br/><br/>Sure we have to suffer through the other Millennial stuff, but they snipe back at the Millennials too. Enjoy what you can, ignore what is too stupid for words and move on. <br/><br/>Or, you always have Knight Rider.... Season 1 was amazing and while I enjoyed Season 2 there were times it seemed to drag on for the sake of a certain amount of episodes. Due to this, I deducted a star because it didn't take away from the season being totally awesome, I just noticed at times it lacked my full attention. I feel if it would have been 10 more action packed scenes it would have been better. The first few episodes and all the various subplots seemed more scattered than the first season. I won't delve into any spoliers because I think both seasons are worth watching and I will save what happens for you to enjoy. I really love it! I am really prejudiced with Marvel as their concept is always the same.but Jessica is just amazing and basically unique ! First season was ok, the plot was interesting, The second season just was awfull!! Just lots of drinking and unnecessary sex in every episode. She is super strong and winges about it, can't fight, not there is much action. Hard core hero fans are better of with Daredevil and Iron Fist and even the defenders.. This show both had me excited and regretting it. The things that I appreciated about the show was seeing the sex scenes obviously. I love how Marvel will also include upcoming origin stories. It was cool to see the woman that was terrorizing things in this show was actually Jessica's mom. The acting in this show was also fantastic. I loved the still shots of Manhattan in this show as well! I loved the showing of Kilgrave after Jessica killed a cop and how she was losing her sanity. I loved how they showed Patsy Walker becoming the Hellcat superhero and this blown my mind. I did not like how the drama was not pin pointed in one section and you could easily get lost in Season 2. I didn't like seeing Patsy using Malcolm as a pedestal for her own pathetic personal gains in what ever way she could. I would give this show a seven out of ten. The second character in Marvel's Defenders series is Jessica Jones. A no non-sense private detective with super strength, who helps who she wants, does what she wants, and seems to bring trouble wherever she goes.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter stars as Jessica Jones, and from an entertainment stand point she does a terrific job with the character, the problem is how likable is Jessica Jones? This was my issue with this series all along. There is no doubt that in the last decade, Marvel has made leaps and bounds in both it's writing and character development. I even believe that the Defenders will challenge the Avengers in both content and popularity, still I just don't like Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>It's hard to give specific reasons without spoilers, but when I think Jessica Jones the one word that comes to mind is @#$%^. She's supposed to be the good guy, the one you root for, but she always has this attitude and everything is an issue with her. She's a mess, the people she spends her time with are a mess, and she seems like easy picking for the villain who chose to pray on her mind.<br/><br/>The whole point of a superhero is to help people and to have people behind you and your brand of vigilante justice, but she seems to hurt more people than she helps, just look at what she did to Luke Cage (Mike Colter). Maybe others will feel differently, but I don't like the main character and therefore don't approve of the show. I love Luke Cage and I really like the idea of having a self-narrating private investigator, but there is this whole negative energy that surrounds her and everything she does, that I just can't get passed.<br/><br/>I do love Daredevil and Luke Cage, I'll probably check out Iron Fist and I definitely will be watching the Defenders, so I guess I kind of have to watch season 2 of Jessica Jones, but fans of the show have a long wait ahead of them, as Netflix has confirmed that it won't be released until sometime in 2018, after season 1 of The Defenders. This could be a good series but just misses the mark.<br/><br/>The heroine storms about being rude to people as though that is tough in some way. She is supposed to be a good detective but doesn't really detect anything. Her sister is supposed to be an radio star but seems totally unaware that her actions may have a reaction from the villain. You ridicule him on air and then you are surprised that as a baddie he wants to get you ? how rational is that ? Also her security door is hit repeatedly by a police battering ram but gets no marks on it at all ?<br/><br/>There are various sex scenes which occur far too frequently. They are boring and I fast forwarded over them. They are presumably there to make it gritty in the same way as the pseudo lesbian scenes. However, who has sex without taking off any clothes ? <br/><br/>Now for Luke Cage, to show his invulnerability he uses a rotary saw on his stomach. Of course we all have one in our pocket all the time.<br/><br/>Back to the heroine who is supposed to have a drink problem but never actually gets drunk or slurs her words. Is that another super power ? So all in all I don't recommend it. It's without any substance in the same way as the characters in it. Just watched the first two episodes on Netflix. Very impressed. Most super-hero stories involve a maximum amount of thumping and banging. This story about a heroine versus an evil mind controller is different.<br/><br/>Our protagonist is a frightened young woman who was a victim of the mind controller. She escaped after injuring him. He wants revenge. Let the mind games begin as our heroine turns and pursues the bad guy.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter has presence as the heroine. Beleaguered and traumatized, she isolates herself by being abusive and abrasive. Can she forgive herself? Can she ever find comfort from a warm relationship with others. Dare she recruit allies?<br/><br/>The series looks promising as our protagonist proceeds with brain and brawn. So far, the cast has been convincing. Pacing has been excellent as the show explores the emotional state of our heroine. Bravo! AKA A Missed Opportunity <br/><br/>So many times Marvel will have a great idea but fail to execute it outweighing too heavy on their cheesy cartoony charm. Usually it's really fun! Spider-Man wouldn't be Spider-Man without the cheese of Peter Parker. But sometimes it becomes just that: really cheesy. This is one such show. It had me really interested. It promises a brilliant heroin with a more than interesting adversary. But it wasn't the acting that didn't cut it this time, it was the ENTIRE script. Jessica is brilliant. Her intelligence and wit make for one brilliant badass. I can't say this poor review is too much to her fault. What they did with her and the rest of the cast is what makes this show laughable. The story set-up itself is dark and interesting. It began with promise and I wanted to keep watching. But when they pulled the trigger and the show starts progressing, it resolved with gag-worthy results. I actually laughed at some of the things I watched. I mean does she really need to throw the sofa ALL the way across the room to make her point? It would actually be frightening and impactful if it was done right. But this didn't work. I get it! She has intense and horrible PTSD. But she's too smart for that. She's too interesting not to be taken seriously and at that point she wasn't Jessica anymore. She appeared a childish girl with a poorly scripted scene. That's not the Jessica I met at the beginning, and it's certainly not Krysten Ritter's fault. She was a puppet of bad writing. Most of the characters are portrayed this way and I just wasn't a fan. I've never been able to NOT finish a series on Netflix. This one is now my first. <br/><br/>Noir is my favorite film style but the darkness promised by the introduction was never really fulfilled with anything other than bad taste. The undertone of the show changed many times, which I am likely to adore. But it proved more confusing than cathartic. I wasn't sure whether to be horrified, amused, or disgusted at some points. I was never really sure what they were going for. It took a strange turn for the sadistic towards the end and I found this distasteful. It was such an intelligent start to have such a petty finish. <br/><br/>The orchestration of the troubled PTSD super-heroin who drinks away her past is the perfect set up, and Ritter was the right choice. But the writing let her down. Her serious and credible condition was made dramatic by less than believable table-turn-over tantrums. It's such an interesting show to be turned into such a joke. Promising cast but without the writing in place the performances had no foundation to stand on and fell flat. I am going to be vague on the plot and focus on writing style used for this series. If it isn't the story being moved forward by McGuffins, its "because of plot" setups. Hey! We need a reason to move to point B and haven't written a connection! Lets have someone walk into the scene with the answer and people will buy it! And lets not get into the fact that this show focus's on strong female characters that are constantly the weak link. Did the bad guy get away? Yup, because a woman was all womanly. It seems like anytime they need something to go wrong to further the plot, they have one of the many female characters be the cause of it. And lets get into the inconsistencies with Jessica's powers. She goes from invincible superhero to weak human whenever the plot requires it. And the worst part is, the backstory is so in depth and there are scenes that are so moving that it almost makes up for it. In all honesty, if they removed the superhero aspects and just wrote it as noir crime series, it would be perfect. But Superhero must equal Super stupid I loved the first episode. I liked the second episode. I tolerated the third episode. I didn't like the fourth episode. I didn't even see the fifth episode.<br/><br/>It started out promising, but, as you can see, with each episode I gradually lost any interest I had for this show. I will try to explain my reasons now.<br/><br/>OK, actually, it is only one reason, actually - the show suffers from the limitations, I presume, Disney/Marvel put on it. For some reason this show has the same age restriction as "Game of Thrones", but it does not have more adult content than, let's say, "Lucifer" - which creates a certain dissonance that bugged me all the time. Apparently, heavy swearing does not exist in the MCU, so we are treated to a main character who is written like John McClane from 'Die Hard with a Vengeance', but doesn't utter a single F-word. Really... McClane suffered from some sort of a PTSD because of what he'd survived. So did Jessica. McClane drowned his sorrow in alcohol and sarcastic remarks. So did Jessica. McClane swore like a drunk sailor. Jessica didn't, which normally wouldn't bother me at all, but it did help create the dissonance I was talking about.<br/><br/>The same with the nudity. Apparently, nudity also doesn't exist in the MCU. Within the first three episodes we are treated to at least five different love making scenes, showing various positions and techniques - I mean, obviously, the makers of the show were going for certain raunchiness, but, at the same time, you never see Jessica topless - either she won't take her bra off, or she will be filmed from behind, or the editing will be so choppy that you don't see anything. There are no exceptions.<br/><br/>The same with the violence. Now, we've seen "Daredevil" and we know that extreme violence does exist within the MCU. It doesn't exist in "Jessica Jones", though, and, given certain parts of the main character's life, this is actually a problem. The fight choreography is just awful, and whatever violence there is is completely bloodless. I don't like that.<br/><br/>Now, don't get me wrong, I don't need or want swearing, nudity or hard hitting violence in my TV, but if you're not willing to actually put them in your show, don't write it in a way that requires them. It creates a dissonance that, at least to me, is extremely off-putting. To put things in perspective, I had exactly the same problem, caused by exactly the opposite circumstances, with "Da Vinci's Demons" - that show was written like an adventure oriented at 12-year-olds, but, at the same time, it was loaded with porn-like nudity, heavy swearing and extreme violence - which, again, caused a dissonance that made me stop following the show.<br/><br/>Then, there are other limitations, undoubtedly coming from Disney/Marvel. Why, why did this thing have to be a part of the MCU? There was a time when I didn't mind the idea of a shared universe, but here, now, we have a TV-MA rated show referring "Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.". Literally. In other words, to understand what you're seeing here, in this adult-oriented show, you have to be familiar with a show that only a kid can enjoy. Well, I think I don't need to explain why this is a problem to me.<br/><br/>Then, and I am truly sorry for writing this, there are the problems caused by the girl power angle. Don't get me wrong, I love strong female characters, but this is not the way to do them. Because if you make Killgrave and Luke women and Jessica a man, you will not need to change even a word from their dialogue, apart from the pronouns. Seriously, there was a reason I compared Jessica to a Bruce Willis' character earlier - she is a Bruce Willis' character, only this time that character is played by a woman. When it comes to Hogarth, the situation is even worse - it seems to me that the makers of the show had an LGBT-quota to fill, so... Well, Hogarth is Harvey Specter. Literally, only this time he is married and for some reason looks like Trinity from 'The Matrix'. Hogarth acts like Harvey, speaks like him and has the same character flaws that he has. When I started watching the show, I didn't know Hogarth was a man in the source material but I began suspecting this as soon as I saw him... her... whatever. As I said, I love seeing strong female characters, but this is not the way to make them. See "Janet King" and you will know what I mean - that is a courthouse drama show centered around an LGBT woman. It rocks. Seriously, check it out.<br/><br/>None of the things I mentioned above would be that big a problem to me if it weren't for the show's overly serious tone. Seriously, there is nothing to make you smile here. There are some jokes, but they are there only to show what a cynic Jessica Jones is. You will find more humour in a Christopher Nolan movie. To me, this can only mean one thing - the show's makers thought they were making something deep and meaningful. But "Jessica Jones" is not more deep or more meaningful than, let's say, Marvel's 'Iron Man'. It is just less funny, darker, bleaker and slower. It is not what it wants to be, and, as a result, I just can't continue watching it. Sorry. I liked Jessica Jones at first. Good messed up characters, good back stories, Luke Cage, the villain... But honestly they should have done 10 episodes, not 13. Because (spoilers) in the end it's just catching Kilgrave, Kilgrave escaping, catching him again... I think they did that 3 times total. The whole "you can get Jessica's power with a pill" thing was also badly written and shouldn't have been put there. And in the end, Kilgrave's death was pretty anti climactic. Carrie-Anne Moss's character was great, although maybe a bit copied from Glenn Close's Patty Hew in Damages. But in the end, they also messed it up with a kind of ridiculous betrayal.<br/><br/>It lingered on for too long, you just wanted it to be over. I have mixed feelings. I don't look forward to season 2 but I look forward to the Luke Cage series. They also made the mistake of only doing 1 story arc the whole season. In the first episodes you got side stories. But then they all vanished, why ? I can understand it for, say, Daredevil season 2 which had Punisher, Elektra, Kingpin and the Hand to deal with. No need for lawyer or reporter stories. But Jessica Jones ? Luke Cage had no villain counterpart and disappeared for a good chunk of the show. The cop/special op playboy was useless. So I agree with other reviews that the writing was inconsistent. I hope it gets better. We need to see Jessica Jones doing PI stuff. Not chasing the same guy and falling in the same traps for 10 episodes non stop. This show in my opinion is not a show about Jessica Jones but about everyone around her. The reason I hear you ask? It because she is THE most annoying main character I have seen in a good long while.<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter tries but ultimately fails to portray a brooding superhuman with anger management issues. She cannot throw a punch to save her life and does an awful job and playing an emotionally broken woman. In her defence, the show has far too much lighting and does not fit the character in anyway (its just too bright).<br/><br/>Krysten Ritter: Great actress, not the right fit for either the character or how the show wishes to portray the character.<br/><br/>The TWO CHARACTERS THAT MAKE THIS SHOW WORTH WATCHING:<br/><br/>Mike Colter plays a fantastic Luke Cage, very enjoyable to watch and plays the character well for how the show wishes to portray him.<br/><br/>The real character that steals the show and who really had me rooting for him since his first appearance, the great David Tennant as Kilgrave. An absolutely spectacular performance and really did make the show worth watching. Best David Tenant quotes:<br/><br/>"You've killed more people as an afterthought." "I've never killed anyone." "You use your powers to compel murder." "Oh, tomato, to- mato."<br/><br/>I wont say anymore... but MY, I just love this iteration of The Purple Man (Zebediah Killgrave...just in case anyone wondered where the name came from). This show is a complete missed opportunity. After having watch Daredevil and thoroughly enjoyed it, I was really looking forward to this. However in comparison to Daredevil this show falls flat. That's not to say there aren't good aspects - its just this show is hugely underwhelming for an avid Marvel fan like myself; and I will explain why.<br/><br/>Right from the first episode it was clear there were issues with some of the characters and casting. Apart from Luke, the supporting cast isn't just a missed bag - it's a giant bag of offensively poor characters. Trish didn't seem to serve any more purpose than just being Jessica's friend, and even that felt forced. Malcolm was especially cringeworthy - poorly written and poorly acted. Pam, Jeri and Wendy occupied a totally unnecessary storyline that shouldn't have been included in the show, and just felt like filler. Finally Robyn and Will were almost enough to make me stop watching this show all together; never before have I seen such a horrendous mixture of poor acting, poor writing and generally uninteresting characters. All of their scenes were very painful to watch. On the other hand you have Luke, who I personally thought was great and am certainly looking forward to his own show. Jessica was far too one-tone for me. I didn't feel they developed her character enough and all I saw was repetition in the way she was written. However the place this show really shines is with Kilgrave - one of Marvel finer, if not finest villains to date. David Tennant played him fantastically and I genuinely enjoyed every scene he was in. The only problem was the limited screen time he occupied. The writers clearly didn't have enough plot points to keep him going throughout the series, so in the end he wasn't even in the show that much. There were some episodes which he didn't appear in at all, and only two where he was prominent throughout. For the rest of the series he was in roughly five to ten minutes of the episodes, which were always the best part of the episode for me. It become increasingly frustrating when the writers continually side-lined the only very strong aspect of the show they had (Kilgrave), and subsequently the show suffered because of this. <br/><br/>The writers did not nail the pace at all. It was as though they had only a few plot points that they wanted to stretch out over a thirteen episode series; the end result being a very unevenly structured show. There were far to many filler episodes throughout the series (and a show like this really shouldn't have any) which were all quite painful to watch, and subtracted from the far superior Kilgrave plot line. However when the show did stick to the Kilgrave orientated plot it worked much better, and the show would have had a great cohesion if it weren't for the multiple filler episodes. The writers clearly had trouble fitting all the characters into the main plot, so instead they left many in their own sub-plots, which failed to contribute much to the show. There was some good action (albeit action was very rare) and tense moments, although ultimately many of the episodes remained very uneventful and lacked in substance. This lead to an agonisingly slow pace to the show, and some highly boring episodes. The show was predictable, and even the end felt very anti-climatic.<br/><br/>In the end, would I recommend this to somebody? The simple answer is no. If you are an avid fan of the Marvel universe and are hellbent on watching all of its properties, then go right ahead and give this a try, but don't expect it to be as good as Daredevil or many of the MCU movies. But if you're not a giant Marvel fan, I would say don't bother with this show - there are better out there. Jessica Jones is the first Marvel series I have ever seen. I was not a big fan from Marvel before, even if I liked The Avengers but I was never deeper into the Marvel universe, what will definitely change because of Jessica Jones.<br/><br/>I started to watch the series in the middle and I was captured immediately. The story is exciting, I like the feel of the series, the city, the darkness and the ever present heaviness of the characters. It makes you feel that you are in the middle of the series. <br/><br/>Jessica Jones has a big trauma and you can practically feel her trauma and get to know her as you watch the series and time passes. I sympathized so much with her that I build some kind of weird relationship to her. She is perfectly imperfect and she proves it throughout the whole season. <br/><br/>The other characters are also very interesting - everyone has its own individual style what differs them from each other but everybody has this certain heaviness that lies on them. It just seems that everybody is down in this hell of a city. <br/><br/>The villain, Kilgrave, OMG! This guy has the best superpower I have ever seen in my life. After Jessica Jones, I liked him the most, in a strange way too. Even if he is a piece of s*it, somehow I could identify with certain parts of his character and his sick humour, the result of his sick being, was just hilarious. <br/><br/>Even if the whole first season, which I would rate about 9, was good, the overall rating goes down to 7. The reason for that is the ending or the last three episodes which were boring as hell. I expected way more at the end but it was over just like that - nothing special. <br/><br/>I hope season 2 will come out. I would like to watch it and I am excited about it. Jessica Jones interested me so much in Marvel that I watched Deadpool too, which I think was fantastic and now I will watch Daredevil on Netflix. People say that Daredevil is way better and I am looking forward to a blown mind. Man, I love Jessica Jones. I literally just finished watching it and I was extremely satisfied. I know that there were no explosions, no physical fight with Killgrave, but that isn't what this show was about. It's about a mental battle between to two strong willed people. The emotional struggle for Jessica to act like she was under his control, almost to the point where I was convinced that she was. <br/><br/>Then she snaps Killgrave's neck.<br/><br/>Man, that was satisfying. Which brings me to my biggest take away from this show: Jessica Jones is a strong female character.<br/><br/>I know that seems like--duh! Anyone can see that. That may be true, but the reason I'm pointing it out now is that Marvel doesn't have a lot of strong female characters. What? You might say. What about Jean Grey, Black Widow, the Scarlet Witch. To that I say, those are not strong female characters.<br/><br/>Marvel has this habit of creating incredibly diminished archetypes of female people. But really, most of the time when you see a marvel female character, or any comic book female character in general, you understand that they are mostly there for eye candy. And maybe to fulfill some societal quota for female characters. Essentially these characters are Disney princesses in leather, because they are about as textured as a superhero coloring book. <br/><br/>Look, Black Widow is awesome, but she's not the focus of anything. She's there so we have a hot chick in leather on the screen. Pepper Potts is smart, but she's really just an appendage to Tony Stark. I don't think there's anything more to Mary Jane than, I love Peter Parker. She's a love interest. <br/><br/>Not so with Jessica Jones. Every female character in this show is deep and textured. They're flawed and real and make mistakes. They come alive on screen because there is real strength in them and they aren't just there so that we have something pretty to look at. They have important roles. They are the ones that move the plot along and not by using their lady parts. <br/><br/>That's why I love this show, because we get characters that aren't just there to add an aesthetic quality--they're there because they matter. I don't know anything about the Jessica Jones character in the Marvel universe and only happened on this series after watching their excellent "Daredevil" series, pretty much hoping for more of the same gritty, action if anything eschewing super-hero flash-dancing. I'm two episodes into it and am pleased to see that it appears to be living up to my expectations. In fact on the one or two occasions when she (and her bar-manager boy- friend, Luke Cage) demonstrate that they have special powers I was actually disappointed, it was working so well as a modern-day urban thriller. I really hope it continues in the same vein (like "Daredevil", did, right up until Matt donned his costume!).<br/><br/>It of course shares some common ground with "Daredevil", the noir-homaging urban edge, the central character concealing their identity, living in a broken down office and, making the series arc, a dominating major villain to rub up against and it certainly shares the dark, seamy cityscape of DD's Hells Kitchen, but there are differences too. The lead of course is female and apart from her tryst with Cage appears to have no friends at all, very much working solo. She's not out to change the system or fight corruption being content to operate in the margins as a down-at-heel gumshoe. Her nemesis character Kilgrave, played by David Tennant has only just made an appearance, but an ominous and foreboding one and with his destructive mind-controlling power again and with his implied previous history with Jones, will no doubt be a major presence in the show and I'm keen to see how their match-up will play and also exactly what Kilgrave's motives are.<br/><br/>So far, so good then. Krysten Gritter is very good in the title part, you believe straight away that she lives like a dosser, wears the same clothes everyday and can barely afford to eat. The supporting cast, including apparent fellow-traveller Cage, her well-meaning half-sister media-personality Trish and her kooky corkscrew-hair neighbour Brian. Even the corporate legal attorney with whom she interacts is a lesbian with relationship issues of her own.<br/><br/>The direction is crisp, the support acting excellent and lots of sharp, cynical dialogue I have high hopes that this will match the standard of "Daredevil" while very much going its own compelling, unspectacular way into the darkness. Count me in. When MARVEL said they were making a Jessica Jones series the first thing that goes through your mind is who? Oh she's Luke Cage's wife and I'm not being sexist about it, just honest. Despite the limited success of the character's solo miniseries she's not a "big" character in general. So after hearing that the follow-up to the AWESOMENESS that was Daredevil was going to be Jessica Jones my skepticism grew big, and the question about what could the series possibly offer on the shadow of its predecessor (and the source material, the ALIAS comic book) was big.<br/><br/>The offer was more of the "Adult" style that they used on Daredevil; so I expected strong emotional characters that grew among the drama and changed helped by an interesting and strong plot, which in itself was made stronger by tapping into this violent "adult" style as well. So, when the series started I could see a similar beginning to what made DD great, meaning a serious and sober scenario for a "super hero" story to develop, yet my pessimistic reaction to the first chapter was "mmm I hope they don't focus only on Killgrave" well they did, and that became the origin of most of the issues with the series, let's call it<br/><br/>MONOTONY<br/><br/>The series is too lineal and monotonous for its own good, it doesn't stretch enough to fill its potential premises; like Jessica's past or the sub world of powered people or Trish's struggles etc. It really borderlines in redundancy sometimes and a lot of Things suffer because of this lack of texture.<br/><br/>Let's discuss some of the suffering cast<br/><br/>Character development: besides Jessica and occasionally Trish most of the characters in the series are monotonous and static, purely utilitarian, even Luke suffers of being a mere introduction and let's not talk about some of the supporting members that are just plainly annoying or mysteriously underdeveloped (->police guy<- and neighbor crazy chick for example). The series is so focused on kill-grave that nobody has a chance to turn into anything but plot tools unlike DD where even the bad guys get a chance to grow and expand, (remember what a great character was Kingpin's assistant?) Or, unlike in ALIAS, where Jessica actually evolves towards reconciliation with herself.<br/><br/>In the end, Killgrave meant something to Jessica, but the "trauma" in the series feels unrelated, a cause and effect excuse to make them enemies, the symbolism of Killgrave as an "ethical" stain on Jessica's superhero life, which gave the relevancy to the relationship, does not exist in the series and is replaced by classic TV drama sociopathy The previous absence is justified mainly by the second suffering factor<br/><br/>HEROICS: we might as well forget that Jessica Jones is a Super hero series, cause the role of it is so downplayed that it's LITERALLY nonexistent (besides the door opening). Now regularly this would be an OK issue, I mean we don't need the theatrics in ALL the MCU's products, but for Jessica Jones the lack of it takes away not only the fun "fantasy-ish" action that I think we do need (if not what's the point) but more importantly one of the most attractive characteristics of the character is lost. The plot alone is not really enough to sustain the series on its own without the special element "heroics" give. I already said that I found the plot to be redundant, so all it was left was the chance of relying on the characters, which without the heroics fell into regular tropes of drama series.<br/><br/>In comparison, Daredevil, even though it wasn't that fantastic, gave great attention to the development of the character heroic alter- ego, which translated into great action pieces and strong emotional character growth. Even more important is the comparison with the source material; in ALIAS/The Pulse Jessica's heroics put her in a "relevant" spot among the MARVEL universe and helps her develop some exciting story lines Yet the most relevant absence made by this is the relationship her powers mean to her as a character/person. in the comics the "harsh" and "broken" personality of Jessica is in fact born out of a reaction to her powers (or the failure to live by them), whether about what the source of them mean to her (family accident and history) or how her failure as a hero, which culminates with her time as Killgrave's captive, affected her personality and future in this fantastic universe.<br/><br/>As we can see everything for the character in the comics has its origins on her brief superhero career, which makes her struggles relatable yet fantastic plus way more interesting by their fantastic nature (the great "what ifs?"). The nonexistent nature of this "heroic" factor downplays the impact of the series leading character, and from there, of everything overall.<br/><br/>Jessica Jones is by no means a bad series; it's well made with high production values and great photography, strongly preformed and for what is worth, as a regular TV drama, it's well written. But it fails greatly in becoming something "special" personally I have no interest in see another TV drama, might as well go back to see Grey's Anatomy, what I want is a drama that uses the MCU's fantastic setting for making its contents different or the fact that super heroes/villains are involved as a platform to situations that only could occur in a fictional world as such.<br/><br/>So I guess that's the problem with Jessica Jones it's just so damn mundane. Picked up on a tweet from a very respectable screenwriter who mentioned she liked this show. So gave it a try.. and could not get past E1. Normally like Ritter, but in this role, she did just not work for me at all. It' way to much a stretch for her as superhero. And the script did little to assist at all.. boring, tired dialogue. There's really just not a lot to like about this production. There's a bunch of similar shows that have been drawing audiences, so guess they figured to go with another one almost identical. It's showing an audience rating of 8.5 and that's bizarre.. when many really good shows struggle to get 6's and 7's. Not to say it won't happen, but they truly should not return it for another season.