Angelo Badalamenti's sweet theme begins as smokestacks billow, and a robin assures the viewer of the presence of love in a little town located through the pines, just this side of sanity...or reality. Either way you choose to look at it (and the choice is yours), every episode of this groundbreaking television show grabbed the viewer in its seductive and destructive web... and wouldn't let go. "Twin Peaks" began a string of weird television shows in the early 90's, but, unlike those later shows, "Twin Peaks" would be beloved and remembered long after it was off the air. "Twin Peaks" has earned a spot next to "The Twilight Zone", "Night Gallery", and "Star Trek" in terms of pioneering television and in terms of a cult following deserving of conventions and fanzines. I believe that F.B.I. Special Agent Dale Cooper is one of the most enjoyable and inspiring characters in television history. His simple passions and quirky behavior was a welcomed sight in our living rooms every week during the shows very short run in the late 80's and early 90's. "Twin Peaks" started out on fire, gaining exposure during the pilot's multiple airings. The mystery of Laura Palmer's murderer practically invented conversations at the water cooler. However, the shows second season was scheduled to air on Saturday nights at 10:00, an advertiser's no-man's land. And, with the shows fan base out on the late weekend nights, the shows network decided to cancel it. David Lynch, the shows co-creator, directed a theatrically released film prequel to "Twin Peaks", showing all who missed the shows airings what really happened to Laura the week of her death, and, finally, her killer. As a huge fan of "Twin Peaks", I will tell you that the circle of events that occur within the story enable the viewer to relive the events over and over, each time around with more intensity than before. When you view the movie prequel, diving right back into the series becomes the natural path, allowing one to see things again for what they really are... or aren't. I highly recommend owning the entire series. Without a network messing up your viewing time, you can see the mystery unfold at your own pace. Viewing "Twin Peaks-Fire Walk With Me", along with the television pilot and the entire 29 episode series (about 33 hours all together), is the most fascinating and satisfying viewing experience that the entertainment industry has offered me so far. The music, costumes, editing, acting, and direction all received Emmy nominations, leading one to conclude that "Twin Peaks" not only satisfied the public, but the critics as well. An incredible achievement, "Twin Peaks" is my all-time favorite television show. One of the truly great, original TV dramas, Twin Peaks was far from perfect; however, quite a few of its run of 29 episodes undoubtedly were. Speaking just after watching the finale, I'm torn between satisfaction at a superb final episode, and tenterhooks over what is a stark cliffhanger ending. The initial Laura Palmer murder case is unravelled expertly, by episode 16, with many great surreal and shocking moments, notably the scenes involving Bob. The show's brand of off-the-wall deadpan humour was perhaps at its best in the initial episodes, for example, Cooper's rock-throwing in the woods and Leland's bizarre, impromptu dance with Ben and Jerry Horne. The main characters were all well introduced; Kyle MacLachlan is on career-best acting form here as Agent Dale Cooper. Jack Nance is lovably gruff and likeable as Pete Martel, while Ben and Jerry Horne are wonderfully brought to life by fine writing, and acting from Richard Beymer and David Patrick Kelly. The strange spirit-like characters are introduced aptly; the Giant, the backwards-dancing Dwarf, One-armed Man, the bizarre Tremonds and killer Bob. Ray Wise deserves much credit for a sensitive portrayal of Leland. Once the initial mystery is more than adequately resolved, the focus was lost for a while. For around 7 episodes, the series comparatively treaded water: the comedy became more laboured and conventional, some tedious storylines dragged on and on - eg. Evelyn Marsh, Andy/Dick; the guiding hand of David Lynch was missing. These episodes are still very watchable; as other aspects of the mystery are mused over, but things move slowly. There is welcome characterisation of Major Briggs, but the acting and writing is at times more ordinary. While still a comfortably above-par TV show, the sublime atmosphere had been squandered to an extent. The arrival in the town of Windom Earle and, later, Annie Blackburn saw the stakes rise once more. Windom Earle is a truly sadistic, convincingly evil character, with a dry wit, wild expression and an effective penchant for disguise. His contribution to the series is immense, as a new focus is provided; climaxing with the stunning end to the penultimate episode at the Miss Twin Peaks Contest. Annie Blackburn also helps to enliven the programme, proving a subtle and effective character. Gordon Cole, played by David Lynch himself is a wonderful creation, up with Pete Martel, Albert Rosenfeld and Jerry Horne in the comic mould. I love that whole episode (c.25) where he enjoys life in the cafe, contemplating writing an "epic poem" about the wonderful apple pie and kissing Shelly in front of her boyfriend Bobby; "what you are witnessing is an intimate moment between two consenting adult human beings!" or somesuch quote.<br/><br/>Ben Horne is well developed; the Civil War stuff fails to amuse quite as it should, yet once he is rehabilitated, the change in his character is refreshing and nicely handled. Twin Peaks is a beautiful series aesthetically, from the wonderful titles sequence, Angelo Badalamenti's stunningly evocative music scores to some wonderfully innovative photography and direction - usually in those episodes helmed by Lynch. Got to say the female quota of Twin Peaks is ample, with the beauty of Madchen Amick, Sheryl Lee, Lara Flynn Boyle and especially Sherilyn Fenn, adding poignancy. General negative comments seem irrelevant considering the overall quality of the series, but it's true tricks were missed. With the characters they had, some more imaginative situations and wit wouldn't have gone amiss. The comic possibilities of having Jerry Horne and, say, Gordon Cole interacting were unfulfilled. Some of the characters were bland - the spotless Norma Jennings, James Hurley, Audrey's boyfriend in the later episodes - and some failed to really work - Nadine I feel added little to the series.<br/><br/>The very final episode is, I would say, as good a series ending as they could have come up with; tantalisingly placed, as the battle between the good and evil forces in Twin Peaks is hotting up. I declare that there are some brilliant images and directorial touches in that final one. There were however loose ends untied; what happened to Leo, Audrey and especially Ben Horne and Doc Hayward? A moot point is the absurdity of its ill-availabilty on video; I wouldn't have caught it if it weren't for the Sci-Fi Channel UK. Got to say though, that while harbouring some fantastical elements, Twin Peaks is assuredly far from the realm of Sci-Fi. It is, to be pointless categorical, like a surreal soap opera with a strong flavour of its own. There are so many great scenes, moments, lines and nuances, coupled with a magnificently dreamy, tenderly moving atmosphere when at its best, that I must say Twin Peaks ranks pretty much up there with the finest TV dramas of all - Edge of Darkness & The Singing Detective. Majestic it is. Rating:- ***** (out of *****) Possibly one of the best TV dramas ever, "Twin Peaks" managed to be a challenging and unique (not to mention intelligent) piece of television.<br/><br/>Daring and provocative, it shattered the boundaries of most standard soap operas/TV dramas.<br/><br/>Terrified of it by a child (and in particular by BOB) I have since returned to it on DVD, only to find myself just as terrified and intrigued by it as I was when I was twelve years old and crouching behind my late grandmother's couch.<br/><br/>A piece of groundbreaking television history... WATCH IT This is one of the shows that I started watching because many people, whose opinions I valued, stated, repeatedly, that I "absolutely must see this." Let me say that I was pretty much hooked from the first scene when they discover the body. The one deputy crying at the body was both touching and kind of funny. It perfectly introduced the entire series which is serious and ridiculous all at once. There is so much to talk about this incredible series which burned too bright to burn for very long.<br/><br/>For starters, Agent Cooper is the single greatest character ever captured on film (go ahead, try and think of a better one). He's brilliant, genuinely caring, incredibly funny, exuberant to the nth degree, unbelievably likable, but also with a sordid past which haunts him. Nobody, but nobody, could have delivered the pie and coffee compliments with so much gusto. <br/><br/>However, he is just the brightest star in the sky. There are so many crazy, yet somehow believable characters that grace Lynch's universe. The swift descent of Ben Horn into madness is sad, pathetic, surreal and hilarious. No other series would have dared contain a man believing that he was General Lee commanding the south at Gettysburg (it also provides the funniest line from the show, when Audrey Horn is talking to his psychiatrist and he remarks that "What he (Ben Horn) needs now is our sympathy, understanding and a confederate victory."). All of the characters create a amazing tapestry where one is genuinely anticipating which character is going to lose it somehow (but one never anticipates correctly). In this reviewers opinion, the plot takes a backseat to the characters which are too strange, or too ordinary but never dull, to exist in any other show anywhere (minus James, who gets irritating right when he starts singing and never stops). Fantastic actors all around with more career launching cameos than any show or movie ever.<br/><br/>Sadly, the second season is not as good as the first, plot-wise, but still is as quirky and entertaining with an unbelievable ending to the series. Many have criticized the show for being excessively intellectual, but I never found the show pedantic or hopelessly cryptic. Rather, it seemed as though David Lynch just decided to employ every weird idea that popped into his febrile mind for the sheer joy of it. <br/><br/>To finish, one needs to watch this show. It's not uniformly brilliant and sometimes just plain weird, but always rewarding and truly one of the landmarks of American television. Go get a nice piece of cherry pie, a cup of coffee, take four days off work and start watching it. Stunning and explosive, completely misunderstood by many when it ran from 1990-1991 and definitely trail-blazing for the art of television production, "Twin Peaks" is one of those could-have-been, should-have-been television series that ended up being remarkable anyway. A teenage girl (Sheryl Lee) is murdered. A strange police detective (Kyle MacLachlan) is brought in to solve the mystery as the local police just cannot cope with the crime. Strange situations continue to pop up all over the landscape of the titled Pacific Northwestern town though and it becomes sadly apparent that the crime will likely never be solved. Side-stories galore confuse and intrigue and the viewer is left wondering, "Does this have anything to do with the initial crime?". Then just when you think the puzzle is about solved, total chaos strikes with whacked dream sequences that make you question your own sanity. What is really happening in the town and do we really want to know or are we happier letting the mystery suck us in? "Twin Peaks" was created by David Lynch (arguably the finest American film-maker, along with Martin Scorsese, living today) and over two very abbreviated seasons (only 29 total episodes) television reached an age that may never be experienced again. At the time many (perhaps myself included) did not know what to make of the show and even more panned it completely. The fact that the series did not really end the way it should have is sad, but in another way it just adds to the legends and myths involved here. There were eight writers on this series and a mind-blowing 15 different directors (Lynch did some of the work and even Diane Keaton got an opportunity to add to the program). Performers like Ray Wise, Piper Laurie, Joan Chen, Lara Flynn Boyle, Sherilyn Fenn, Russ Tamblyn and Madchen Amick appear, disappear and re-appear so frequently that you become confused as to what their roles in the show truly are. Monumental, gigantic, legendary, interesting, dominant and definitely thought-provoking, "Twin Peaks" is one of those television shows that amazes and dazzles with its highly unique brand of commentary. Followed by a theatrical movie ("Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me") in 1992 that was made to answer the questions presented throughout the program, it was also sadly misunderstood by most in the viewing public (even being rubbished by some who loved the series). A real gem in the history of television art. 5 stars out of 5. I watched the entire Twin Peaks series (the pilot and 28 episodes) over a period of 4 days this week, imagine my state of mind. I hadn't seen it since the original broadcasts in 1990-91. I have thought of it often over the years and seeing it now has reaffirmed my initial response of almost 20 years ago; hypnotic fascination during Season One, hopeful interest at the beginning of Season Two, glassy-eyed boredom in the middle episodes of same, and, at the end, frustrated excitement and even anger that we have been deprived of the continuation of the series into at least a third season. <br/><br/>The first season of Twin Peaks is generally regarded as splendid, a magical, disturbing and moving recreation of a small community of us flawed and beautiful humans. The second season starts well but then chugs and splutters, the tires go flat in the middle episodes only to be pumped up and set back on the road going full-tilt only to crash into the wall of oblivion, not to be renewed for a third season. <br/><br/>It is amazing to me how obviously Lynch and his team dropped the ball after Laura Palmer's murderer was revealed. Once that was done the writers launch into the most sophomoric and tedious bilge about Ben Horne going cuckoo and reliving the Civil War in his office at The Great Northern Hotel, high school pep-rally stuff, and it killed the show dead. This sorry sub-plot was coupled with another one about the most uninteresting character in the series, pouty James Hurley and his Harley. I was tired of his James Dean imitation after episode one, but to be pummeled by two episodes about him and some rich bitch trying to frame him for murder is too much. The poor guy is too stupid for words, as Laura Palmer noted early on in her diary. These 4 middle episodes are pointless and hideously boring and were, I have no doubt, responsible for the loss of a substantial number of the loyal audience at the time. To add insult to injury we are also subjected to a new guest star in the form of the worst actor known to man, Billy Zane. This over-exposed, fatuous vanity-victim is brought in to relieve Audrey Horne of her virginity, then flies off in his private jet, piloted by his perfect self, to fight the ecology war in Brazil or something (burning tons of jet fuel in the process no doubt.) I was bored stiff by these three interminable, adolescent and totally non-Lynch-like sub-plots.<br/><br/>Things revive markedly as the writers got their heads together and made the wicked genius Windom Earl the centerpiece of the end of the season. We get to The Dark Lodge in the end. But this was truly The End as the show was canceled. I wanted to see The White Lodge where love triumphs over evil, as it is we are left with evil rampaging through Twin Peaks for eternity. I find that sad.<br/><br/>We'll never know how Agent Cooper deals with Bob residing in his head, or if Norma and Big Ed get married or if Ben was conked dead or just cuckoo (again) by Dr Hayward, or whether Audrey and Pete Martell were blown to jell-o in the bank vault or whether Leo's teeth hold out keeping the tarantulas at bay until Sheriff Truman and Andy come to his rescue and take him to the Home. <br/><br/>Why did David Lynch allow his 3/4 brilliant creation to dribble away like it did? Where was his commitment? I love his work but I will not forget how he left me in the lurch with the unfinished Twin Peaks, the short-lived prodigy of television, gone down in undeserved television ignominy.<br/><br/>What might have been if the commitment had been as strong as the initial vision. You're better'n that Dave. Dammit. Nowadays it is commonly accepted that American television is becoming better than movies, with edgier stories and more complex characters, both in mainstream (CSI, 24, Lost) and cable shows (The Sopranos, Six Feet Under, Deadwood). Twenty years ago, on the other hand, such a thing was unthinkable, at least until Twin Peaks aired.<br/><br/>Created by David Lynch and Mark Frost, the series takes its name from a small American town where a grisly murder has been committed. The victim is local beauty Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee), a girl who seemed to have a perfectly normal life, only it turns out that's not the case: she had a lot of secrets, and in one of them lies the key to finding her killer. That assignment is given to Special FBI Agent Dale Cooper (Lynch regular Kyle MacLachlan), who quickly earns the trust and friendship of Sheriff Truman (Michael Ontkean) and the rest of Twin Peaks'inhabitants thanks to his extraordinary deductive methods and fascination for the calm and peace around him. And he is going to need all the help he can get, as Laura's murder is just one of the many odd things causing trouble in the heavenly surroundings: there's Benjamin Horne (Richard Beymer) and his dangerous connection with a casino/brothel known as One-Eyed Jack's; there's his daughter Audrey (Sherilyn Fenn), whose interest in Agent Cooper might put her in a worse situation than she thinks; there's the dispute over the Packard sawmill between Catherine Martell (Piper Laurie) and Josie Packard (Joan Chen); and there are the bizarre creatures who populate Cooper's dreams, people like The Man From Another Place (a backwards-talking dwarf, played by Michael J. Anderson) or the terrifying Bob (Frank Silva), suggesting that most of the events in Twin Peaks may not have a rational explanation.<br/><br/>Back in 1990, a series like this had never been done before, so its success was a little unexpected (sadly, ratings dropped during the second season, leading to the show's premature cancellation). Now it can be seen as an anticipation of that great TV creation that is HBO: the dead interacting with the living (Six Feet Under), ambiguous characters and even more ambiguous relationships between them (Deadwood), a consistent balance between moving and funny, beautiful and shocking (The Sopranos), the seeds of all those elements can be found in Twin Peaks, a show that didn't hesitate when it came to playing with the format or crossing the line in terms of mature content (death, drug abuse, rape) or on-screen violence (the ending of Episode 8, where one of the villains is shown at the peak of his abilities, is still one of the most audacious scenes ever shown on mainstream television). More than any other series, it represents the seamless merger of big and small screen, a fact that is underlined by Lynch's decision to further explore the story in a feature film after the last episode had aired. Fans of the visionary filmmaker will find plenty of his recurring themes, some a direct reference to his previous works (the ugliness lying underneath the apparent perfection, as seen in Blue Velvet), others a hint of things to come (the duality of Lost Highway and Mulholland Drive, here embodied by Lee, who plays both the deceased Laura and her cousin).<br/><br/>As always with the Eraserhead director, the acting is exceptional: MacLachlan and Lee are the standouts, the former playing his best role to date, a cunning combination of palpable vulnerability and impeccable wit, the latter shining with a double performance that should have been the beginning of a great career (alas, apart from a minor role in John Carpenter's Vampires, she hasn't done much since). The supporting cast (Ontkean, Laurie, Lara Flynn Boyle and Ray Wise in particular) adds depth and emotion, making some episodes the most affecting ever seen on a TV screen. As for the guest stars, not all of them are well known, but every single one brings something special to the series: the most notable cameos include a then unknown Heather Graham, a pre-X-Files David Duchovny (a quite funny and ironic contrast to Fox Mulder) and Lynch himself as a half-deaf FBI Regional Chief (one of the show's best characters).<br/><br/>Those interested in American TV simply have to give Twin Peaks a look: it might be too weird or unsettling for some (but then again, that's always the case with Lynch's work), but it remains a landmark in contemporary television, and played a vital role in making the US small screen what it is today. I have to admit when I first watched the pilot episode of Twin Peaks a couple of years ago, I wasn't sure what to think.  I knew about David Lynch, having recently seen Blue Velvet, and I knew he was a director that was on the outlandish side.  I borrowed the rest of the series from a friend, and after I watched the first 3 or 4 episodes, I was still scratching my head. I thought the murder premise was well done but I kept asking myself "why are these characters so strange?"<br/><br/>However, as I got more into the series, I found myself obsessively hooked. The series, in it's own ominous way, was extremely funny and there were so many great one liners ("that's a damn good cup of coffee") and the characters kept you second guessing.  Though some characters were obviously villains, others had intentions that were often indistinguishable.<br/><br/>As I relentlessly watched the show over a three week period, I found myself laughing out loud and being disturbed at the same time.  Ben Horne's meltdown is one of the funniest things I have ever seen in any TV series, I chuckle just thinking about it.  Only David Lynch could think of something that was so eccentric and funny at the same time.<br/><br/>So in the end, I must say I found this show endlessly amusing.  Almost every person on the show has their own idiosyncrasy, appearances by future stars like Heather Graham and David Duchovny injected humor and depth into the show, and heck, there was a sheriff named Harry S Truman, what else do you need?<br/><br/>I am glad to see the first season is on DVD, I can't wait until the rest is released.  I wish this show had been on much longer but it is such a bizarre show that I can understand why mainstream America did not understand it. I wouldn't recommend this show to anyone that likes TV shows which are light-hearted or straightforward.  Be warned, the final episode is completely bizarre, and not necessarily funny.<br/><br/>As a whole, the show has a very alien feel to it and may chase many people away, but if you understand David Lynch's warped sense of humor and can see the sheer lunacy of the show, you will find it endlessly entertaining. The opening credits and music grabbed me right away. That sad, cool, reflective music. The log being cut in the mill. The bird.<br/><br/>This is a show that you know, as you are watching it, that it is special and destined to become a classic. What a wonderful memory. One of my favorite moments in the first episode is Andy crying, and later telling the girl not to tell the sheriff. It really brought humanity to Laura's death.<br/><br/>Can't wait to one day own the whole series on DVD, and one summer night, start watching the episodes one by one.<br/><br/>Another amazing aspect of the opening episode is the many types of characters and settings involved, just within the town of Twin Peaks. The school, the lodge, the sheriff office, the lake, the railroad tracks. It was almost as if several shows and genres were evident in one episode. Something for everyone. But it still tied together so amazingly. Twin Peaks, much like David Lynch's own Mulholland Drive and Blue Velvet, among other great works of his, examines the main notion, idea and scope behind what it is meant to conventionally be. Twin Peaks is a murder-mystery show, yes, but this is not even scratching the surface as an identifying measure to say what the show is. Another explanation, as if it were possible, is that it is ABOUT mystery, and in the case of murder of life. That might seem a little too preachy or didactic, but as one goes deeper into the series, and deeper into the Black Lodge, and deeper into every single backwards-ass character on the show, a pattern emerges. Abstractions are Lynch's life blood, and even in the weirdest moments of the show he and Mark Frost, along with their writers and directors, make Twin Peaks a collection of abstractions, but at the same time making them as much as possibly within reach of human emotion. It's one of the rare times that the kind of artful penetration into what is essentially good, essentially evil, and even essentially gray-in-area in human beings that usually presides in cinema is let out, practically in each episode, like some kind of feverish worm that crawls in your mind and won't stop...Maybe it's the owls.<br/><br/>But aside from the many, many, many layers to the show, to the dynamics between FBI Agent Cooper (Kyle MacLaughlin in his most recognizable role) and those he relates to everyday as well as in his dreams and Tibetan-inspired visions (the classic being the quintessential dream with the garbled-talking little-person), the teenagers with their own plots of neuroses and dramas and higher ambitions and darker demons, as well as those you'd least expect- the quiet ones- not to mention the ones residing on top in the little crevices we dare not usually seek out in small towns (i.e. the prostitution ring fronted by Mr. Horne), it's just a damn-well entertaining program. It's a superlative crossbreeding of the kind of inimitable melodrama that has the immediate feel of a soap-opera, but far more intelligent in the scope of acting and writing, and the classic absurdities that come up in the best of Lynch's work. Meaning that it will work, more or less, for two different audiences.<br/><br/>Fans of Lynch's will drink it up like damn-good coffee the endless quirks that become commonplace, where characters in any other show would get little no-note roles like the secretary Lucy, or the psychologist Jacobi, or even a classic nut-bar like the Log-Lady, who has the claim that the log is really her dead husband. This, plus enough dream sequences, elaborate lighting and set-design schemes, and the outrageous characterizations make it vintage Lynch/Frost work. For the other crowd, those who don't usually watch Lynch's movies and are more of just the regular TV potatoes, the series has an appeal for its more genuine side, the one that stays true to the ideas and dramatic tensions behind the characters. Even when it gets too weird, and especially in season 2 the feeling starts to get stronger and more nagging, one can't really totally pull away from it, like as if some old man with an old storybook was reading out something almost certifiable, but intriguing all the same. Laura Palmer's death brings out what her life was all about, and really what anyone connected to her is all about; there's an appeal to find out what's behind the lives of others, especially when it balances out between light and dark tendencies.<br/><br/>On top of this, the acting is par for the course top-notch. MacLaughlin, it seems could play this guy in his sleep after a while, and it doesn't take too long in the first season to get past his own odd-sense of awareness (and his regular reliance on dreams and visions) to get closer to solving the dreaded case of Laura Palmer. It's hard for me to think of any one performance that would be a bad one to knock-off, as even the more ludicrous ones- based on their characters- are played as believable as possible. Memorable guest appearances, however, are attributed to the likes of Michael Parks (known from the Tarantino/Rodriguez movies), David Duchovny (an excellent, far cry from Mulder) Frank Silva (as the one who, well, I won't say too much about him), and Lynch himself as the FBI regional chief who's a little hard of hearing. So much can be seen as the blackest of comedy, by turns very sudden and otherworldly and just plain strange (a signing and dancing Mr. Palmer and rows and rows of donuts just bits of what's in store), and it is often very funny. But there's also much in the way of what makes for the best TV: you want to keep watching each week, or now as is the case back to back on DVD, to see how this will turn out, however f***ed up it might get. Simply, it has something, if only in parts, for everybody/<br/><br/>So get yourself some pie and coffee, make sure to speak backwards and forwards again, and don't underestimate the power of a giant with some clues on hand. Twin Peaks is a world of secrets unveiled, and secrets that maybe shouldn't be unveiled yet sought after, and there's enough to keep fans talking for years to come as one of the great 'cult' show in modern TV. Twin Peaks... a very famous series - that really deserves all the praise it gets!<br/><br/>The story begins as special FBI agent Dale Cooper (perfectly impersonated by Kyle MacLachlan) comes to the little town of Twin Peaks to investigate the murder of the local beauty queen, Laura Palmer.<br/><br/>As the series proceed, Laura's killer is eventually found and the main plot line turns and twists to eventually end in a place where you would never expect it to be...<br/><br/>Twin Peaks begins as a crime story with quite a lot of comical moments, the picturesque characters of this little town where everybody knows each other are very nicely sketched out and developed in a very interesting way, most of them having quite a lot of secrets, thus providing secondary story lines that come and go, more or less intertwined with the main one.<br/><br/>As the story proceeds, the comical tone slowly fades away, slight touches of sci-fi and paranormal events come in and as you grow more and more fond of all those lovely people of Twin Peaks, a much darker and intriguing plot comes to the surface, dipping the whole series into an ever more and more mysterious and sometimes even scary atmosphere...<br/><br/>And there suddenly comes the final episode. Of course, everyone expects the final episode to be something special, but no one could expect THIS! I will not get into the details of the story so as not to include any spoilers, but the final episode is a must see! It is a must see! Never ever in my life have I witnessed such an ending!!! surprising, unhappy, happy, good, bad... the ending of Twin Peaks is far beyond that. The only word I can find to describe it is ABSOLUTELY AND UTTERLY NEGATIVE, not leaving the faintest little spark of hope... I was still schocked by the end even a couple of hours after having seen it and still feel somewhat uneasy just recalling it... I admire the person (D. Lynch and M. Frost) who got the idea and - most importantly - had the guts to write a finale like that...<br/><br/>See if you have the guts...<br/><br/>See how far you can go...<br/><br/>See if you can cope with Twin Peaks...<br/><br/>A must see! I have purchased recently in DVD the complete series. I felt it was a duty to watch such a famous show. I was not disappointed. The show has a great quality, and it is weirdness and original sense of humor are just great. However, the show should have ended when the killer of Laura Palmer is found and discovered. The whole second season is actually very bad. There is an abuse of stupid humor and stupid sub-plots in the second season: 1. It is abusive to show us so much the idiotic problems of Lucy Moran and the dim-witted deputy Andy, and the addition of the clothes salesman is not much better. 2. Windom Earle is not at all a good character. It is much of a buffoon, and it is just ridiculous to show him always disguised in fancy dress in a small village. All population in Twin Peaks must be not very clever, because in just 24 hours, a guy like Windom Earle in such a small place as Twin Peaks would have been spotted and discovered very easily. It is just pure buffoonery.in 24 hours everybody would greet Windom: hey, Windon, good morning, again in fancy dress??What a bad ass you are, man¡¡¡ 3. James Hurley is a terrible character. The guy makes no sense at all and it is almost revolting to listen to his utterly idiotic and brainless dialogs. By far the worst character in Twin Peaks. What a disgusting stereotype¡¡¡ 4. The Japanese businessman stunt makes no sense whatsoever, and it is a very poor conception. 5. The reappearance of Andrew, and the fact that Josie ends up as a maid are also ridiculous and inconceivable. 6. The madness of Ben Horne trying to recreate again the American Civil war is just awful. I just couldn't watch it and had to use the remote control of the DVD to go to the next scene. 7. The affair of Audrey Horne with the rich guy in the private jet before flying to Brazil is also grotesque.<br/><br/>And the highly praised end of the series, the final episode, is actually not as good as many say. It is so obvious that they ran out of ideas that the only option possible was to give a shocking and dark end just to make you think and leave the viewer with a sour feeling. However, it is not good enough, and it is not up to the high standards of the first part of the series. I also must say that I was quite disappointed at the sci-fi and paranormal stuff. The character of Bob, that evil spirit that takes over their hosts and commits murders is quite ridiculous. I find pitiful the constant use of a mirror in which we see the "diabolic face" of Bob laughing like a madman. That is not scary. That is just grotesque. Even Low budget horror movies have far more acceptable approaches and far more interesting characters. To know that Laura Palmer was actually killed by an evil spirit who is always behaving like a jester, buffoon or joker and laughing in mirrors (maybe scary for children, because it makes me laugh) is really very bad. We deserved another killer. We deserved a really scary killer, and not just a grotesque and playful demon who lacks ability to scare and convey fear. Bob is ridiculous. Bob lacks a convincing evil background, a personality, and a history. Bob is a very weak stunt, and a very poor attempt at trying to convey "something too scary to be fully explained". Bad. This being said, I would daresay that the series are too overrated. It is good television, it is a good show, and some parts of the first season have an outstanding quality. Indeed very good television and art in its purest form. However, they did not manage to develop properly the wonderful ideas they had, and the show lost quality at full speed. This is definitely one of the best things David Lynch has ever done.  What attracted me to this series was it's quirkyness and surreal nature.  If there was ever a TV series that identified the 90's, this is one of them.<br/><br/>Personally, I think they should've stopped the series right after they solved Laura Palmer's murder, but oh well.  I hope they someday make another movie to tie up some of the loose ends such as the way the series ended on a cliffhanger.<br/><br/>Anyways, onto my lunch of a baguette with butter and brie and some cherry pie. Seeing the series as an eleven year old, is probably not the wisest thing to do. I was scared so much by the character BOB, that if I saw him on the street today, I would run the other way screaming. But in amongst all that...it's excellent! I've seen plenty of shows that I really like referenced as "just like Twin Peaks"! I'm watching the first episode right now and I'm almost through. The acting is a straight up bad. You know when you watch a show and you're totally absorbed... and you never think, "Hey, these are actors. They are performing a scene right now."? Well this show is not that. I constantly am noticing how these people are actors.<br/><br/>The writing may be decent and I'm somewhat interested in the story... but wow, I'm really shocked at the high following for this one. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news. First of all, let me state that I am viewing the show from the lens of 2017, which is a fantastic era for television. For the last 20 years we have seen dozens of "top shelf" dramas, many which probably were inspired (to some degree) by the original Twin Peaks. I have no doubt Twin Peaks was an important show and helped build the foundation of TV greatness today. At the time, I have no doubt that it was light-years ahead of the garbage that was airing on the major networks (and honestly still is ahead of most of the major network programming, although that isn't saying much).<br/><br/>Now on the my review, which reflects season 1 and season 2 of the original Twin Peaks show. If you are tuning in for the first time to these shows like me (I was in college when the shows originally aired and I did not watch them), then I would advise you to skip them. If you want to watch the "new" version of the show, I would recommend just going to Youtube and finding a nice summary of the original series. Because I promise that watching 30 hours of the original series is NOT time well spent, at least for my wife and I.<br/><br/>My expectations were not real high as I knew that the show would be dated. I knew it would be quirky. I knew that the director has some real oddball stuff, and that of course is part of the appeal. But the show is just bad. The acting in some cases is so bad that I was not sure if it was supposed to look like bad acting, or if it was just bad acting. The story line started off good, and honestly season 1 is tolerable and had some fun moments. And then season 2 kicks it up to a ridiculous notch and never gets grounded for the run of the series. What started off as a murder mystery turns into a complete mess that reminds me of something Stephen King would have written during his drug-altered years (Dreamcatcher anyway? Yeah, that kind of bad). I love David Lynch, I love Kyle MacLachlan, and I love Stephen King for that matter. But this show is just a steaming pile of crazy bad television. Incredibly unsatisfying to say the least.<br/><br/>So I know I will get lots of non-helpful votes, and I'm fine with that. If you love the show, good for you, but ask yourself if you love the originality that the show brought in 1990, or if you really think this is great television in 2017. I'm sure a 1990 Corvette scored high marks by the auto magazines in 1990, but a 1990 Corvette evaluated by 2017 car magazines would slam it for being a slow piece of junk that is unreliable, gets terrible gas mileage, is very uncomfortable, and is much slower than a 2017 Toyota Camry. Since we live in 2017, my review is written from a current perspective.<br/><br/>Bottom line, if you have never seen the show, I advise you to skip it and instead jump into something like Fargo (a quirky screwball show but it is very well done and ultimately is satisfying to watch). Thanks for reading my review. Warning: *Some spoilers are discussed*.<br/><br/>"Twin Peaks", is a surreal thriller, serialized for the TV, by acclaimed writer and director David Lynch. The show is seemingly about the murder of teenager Laura Palmer, but eventually it becomes apparent that it's about good and evil and the duality of everyone, wrapped in a paranormal way. In many ways, "Twin Peaks" is a lot like "Lost": people who are not what they seem but are interconnected, deep mysteries, and paranormal elements that drive their fans into theory frenzy! "Twin Peaks" did it first: it put people into theory mode, it's just that unfortunately for it, the Internet was not widespread at the time, and so much of the glory was lost in localized conversations (aka the "watercooler show") rather than becoming an international phenomenon.<br/><br/>The first season was almost perfect. It was up to the point, interesting, haunting. I regard the second season being split into two phases: the Laura Palmer investigation, which is a continuation of the first season, and the aftermath after the killer is found. The first phase of the second season is not too bad, but it's apparent that things started to get a bit haywire with the writers, David Lynch having very little involvement with the show, and ABC trying to drive the project. For example, the Harold Smith outdoors-phobic and Japanese investor subplots where useless and silly. But you haven't seen silly yet.<br/><br/>In the second phase, 90% of the plot is downright silly. From the pregnant Lucy and her two silly men, to James and rich lady subplot which had nothing to do with anything else, to James in general being portrayed like a man whore having the hots of four women in 15 days time while at the same time he's supposed to be level-headed (remember, 1 episode is 1 day in the "Twin Peaks" world), to Josie becoming a maid (what the hell?), to Ben Horne becoming crazy and then sane again, to Leo getting controlled by a dog collar (!), to Nadine and mayor's stupid subplots, to David Duchovny guest-starring and appearing in woman's dresses. I mean, the consensus is that "Twin Peaks" lost its audience because the killer was revealed, but the truth is, it's lost its audience because the show lost the plot entirely, all by itself. I could barely sit through and watch the second season's second phase. I would pause it every 10 minutes and go eat something, or check out my email. I just couldn't sit through an entire episode anymore (except the last two where Lynch came back to direct).<br/><br/>The truth is this: "Twin Peaks" should not have had more than 16 episodes. It should have ended when the murderer is revealed, and should have replaced some unneeded subplots with some of the (rare) points found in the second phase, like the Lodges, Cooper getting possessed by BOB after Laura's murderer dies, the army's involvement & Major Biggs etc. And after the series' run, the three movies should have been created, just like Lynch wanted it. Only one movie was shot at the end, because by that time, the peaksmania had died down, exactly because of that disastrous second phase, and so the movie didn't do well in the box office. Maybe these movies should have been tele-movies.<br/><br/>In conclusion, "Twin Peaks" failed because no one could take the step "Lost" writers took with ABC in February 2007: to give an end to the series and not let it go on and on forever like that. If Lynch was to strike such a deal with ABC before he started shooting, then "Twin Peaks" could have become the ultimate series today (both TV and cinema). It's a shame really. "Twin Peaks" must be the best TV series of all time, since even today, 20 years after its first run, there is still nothing like it. This is the strange little town where black coffee, cherry pie, red curtains, the smell of Douglas firs and an ancient evil presence make heaven an interesting place. And of course, "there's always music in the air"<br/><br/>This truly unique blend of mystery, comedy and horror with surreal undertones and deeper layers of symbolism manages to be hilarious, touching and disturbing all together. The music, characters, dialogues and story lines, the visually arresting sequences, the unmistakable directorial approach - everything about the series is so "out of this world". Peculiar and timeless, the mysteries of "Twin Peaks" are irresistible and open to interpretation. Twin Peaks is known by its mysterious nature and weird set of characters. It's one of the productions that changed our ways of thinking about TV series. And just like anything we see on the screen, it has its brilliant moments and not-so-brilliant ones.<br/><br/>In the first season and the first half of the second season, we make a mystified journey in the town of Twin Peaks through a chain of strange events and their consequences. Being introduced with exceptional characters, we experience the towns atmosphere, inhabitants' life and their twisted relationships. They're brought us almost in a cinematic way. Not every puzzle is solved in a certain way, some instances remain open to our perception. But everything is smooth.<br/><br/>Honestly I was a little disappointed after seeing the ninth and tenth episode of the second season. The sense of mystery partially gives place to artificiality and dullness. As some said earlier, it's like (although certainly not) the concept reached it's limits and there comes improvisation for the sake of entertainment. So expect to be disturbed by pointless conversations, unnecessarily prolonged scenes (especially when romance is involved), exaggeration, and lack of connectivity. Feeling of compulsion may last till the last few episodes of season two. And after that awaits the worse. As mentioned before, last episode leaves everything hanging. It ends prematurely and leaves a full sense of incompleteness, much like "Carnivale". But even considering these, probably you'll still find Twin Peaks enjoyable.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is a cult TV series that affected both TV and cinema productions. Personally I like to watch one or two episodes time to time just to feel the atmosphere of early '90s. I should add that the music in Twin Peaks is enchanting. Angelo Badalamenti really did a great job creating the unique score. But it's more than that. You'll find mystery, symbolism, references and creativity in Twin Peaks. In many ways Twin Peaks is an exceptional production and way ahead of it's time. This overrated, short-lived series (a measly two seasons) is about as experimental and unique as a truck driver going to a strip bar. I am not quite sure what they mean by "ground-breaking" and "original" when they fawn all over Lynch and his silly little TV opus. What exactly is their criteria of what is original? Sure, compared to the "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" it's original. Definitely. Next to "Law & Order" TP spews originality left and right.<br/><br/>Fans of TP often say that the show was canceled because too many viewers weren't smart enough, open enough for the show's supposed "weirdness", its alleged wild ingenuity, or whatever. As a fan of weirdness myself, I have to correct that misconception. There is nothing too off-the-wall about TP; it is a merely watchable, rather silly whodunit that goes around in circles, spinning webs in every corner but (or because of it) ultimately going nowhere. The supposed weirdness is always forced; the characters don't behave in a strange way as much as they behave in an IDIOTIC way half the time. There's a difference...<br/><br/>Whenever I watch the "weird dream" sequence in "Living In Oblivion" in which the dwarf criticizes the director (Buscemi) for succumbing to the tired old let's-use-a-midget-in-a-dream-scene cliché, I think of Lynch. You want weird? "Eraserhead" is weird - in fact, it's beyond weird, it's basically abstract. You want a unique TV show? Watch "The Prisoner". You want a strange-looking cast? Felini's and Leone's films offer that. TP looks like an overly coiffed TV crime drama in which all the young people look like fashion models. The cast gives TP a plastic look. Kens & Barbies en masse.<br/><br/>In fact, one of the producers of TP said that Lynch was looking for "unique faces" for the series. Unique faces? Like Lara Flynn Boyle's? Sheryll Fenn's? Like those effeminate-faced "hunks" straight out of men's catalogs (or gay magazines)? Don't get me wrong; there is nothing wrong with getting an attractive cast, especially with beauties like Fenn (the way Madonna would look if she were 1000 times prettier), but then don't go around saying you're making a "weird show with weird-looking people". And I have never understood Lynch's misguided fascination with Kyle MacLachlan (I should get a medal for bothering to spell his name right). He is not unlikable, but lacks charisma, seeming a little too bland and polished. His character's laughable "eccentricities" were not at all interesting, merely one of Lynch's many attempts to force the weirdness, trying hard to live up to his reputation - him having completely lost his edge by that time. Everything Lynch made post-"Elephant Man" was very much sub-par compared to his first two movies. What followed were often mediocre efforts that relied on Lynch's relatively small but fanatical fan base to keep him in the public eye by interpreting meanings into his badly put-together stories that don't hold any water on closer scrutiny. In other words, Lynch is every intellectual-wannabe's darling. <br/><br/>So Laura Palmer was killed by her Dad...? He was obsessed by the devil or some such nonsense. That's the best this "great mind" could come up with... You've got B-movie horror films that end with more originality. <br/><br/>Lynch is neither bright nor hard-working enough to come up with a terrific story. What he does have though is his "artist aura", which has turned him into somewhat of a cinema god for people who are easily duped. After hearing nothing but great things about Twin Peaks(although there were criticisms of the second season not being as good and some being underwhelmed by the ending) I finally checked out the show and the film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me as somebody who appreciates David Lynch hugely and love almost all his films, and it was time well worth spent. It's true that the first season is better than the second, but that is not to knock the second season because it is still great, if not as well paced and maybe the main plot line was wrapped up a little too quickly(the only negative personally against the series), but the first season is a masterpiece and some of the best television has ever seen. There have been criticisms about the reveal of the final episode being underwhelming, initially it is a head-scratcher but I am with those who considers the episode on the whole one of the scariest episodes seen on television.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks looks incredible, quite easily one of the best-looking TV series personally watched; the photography is so good that you have to check that it's for a television show and not a film and the costumes and sets are colourfully surreal and positively eye catching. Twin Peaks is also one of the best scored television series, the music enhances the atmosphere so well and better than a lot of other shows and it really haunts the mind, again like the visuals it can easily be mistaken for a score written for a film. The dialogue is very thought-provoking with moments of tension and a lot of hilarious humour that has David Lynch's style of humour all over it. The episodes are all compelling and multi-faceted in atmosphere, even the weakest episodes are much better than a lot of TV shows today at their best and worst, while the show tackles a very dark subject with subtle horror, genuinely disturbing scenes like the entire ending, quirky humour that at its best is side-splittingly hilarious and a real emotional wallop.<br/><br/>The characters are not only interesting with more than one dimension to them but more than memorable as well, Agent Cooper and Ben Horne being especially so, sure a few appear, disappear and re-appear but you never forget them. Twin Peaks is superbly directed and acted throughout, with the performances Kyle MacLachlan in his most famous role(perhaps) is at his best and the same can be said for Richard Beymer. Sheryl Lee and Sherilyn Fenn are poignant, Ray Wise is much more sensitive than he is in the film and one mustn't forget the scene-stealer that is Piper Laurie nor Frank Silva as one of the most frightening characters television has ever seen. Strictly speaking the acting is outstanding all round, you'd be hard pressed to find a television series with no actor is bad and with this level of consistency. To conclude, at its best Twin Peaks really is one of the greatest television series ever. The film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me is not as good but is still very good and undeservedly under-appreciated. 10/10 Bethany Cox this is one of the best series that ever aired on tv.  kudos to lynch (as usual).  it does lag a bit in the middle of the series  when it seems to be all donna and james, but other than that it is totally compelling, thrilling and scary.  fantastic characters and plots.  very amusing.  and disturbing as only mr. lynch can be. I started watching AMC's 'The Killing' recently and everywhere I look I saw comparisons or mentions of Twin Peaks at some point in the conversation. I'd heard about it for years but as I was just a small child when it first aired, I hadn't known much about it first hand. Though I was wary at first -- I knew this was a David Lynch project and quite frankly I don't like his style -- I'd heard so many good things I just couldn't resist delving into this 'cult hit'. <br/><br/>I decided to grab a copy of season one and season two expecting to be utterly blown away as I was repeatedly assured I would be. Taking into account that this was A) produced between the late 80s to early 90s and B) David Lynch's brainchild, I gave this show a lot of wiggle room. But all the leeway in the world couldn't help this show. I sat down to the first season wondering when I was going to start caring about any of the main characters and when it would stop playing out like a corny soap opera. <br/><br/>I did my best not to spoil myself so I was naive some of the most pertinent elements of the show; I had no idea this show would go from a murder mystery to some kind of supernatural-science fiction cluster f. It was a hodgepodge of "acid trippy" dream sequences, sappy love scenes and triangles and bad acting from the actress who the show basically revolved around. I also thought that while very handsome and likely due to his character, Kyle MacLachlan's stiff acting and humorless delivery was awkward and very stilted and uncomfortable. Almost as if he was forced into the role. I really hated the utter goofiness of some of the scenes that were supposed to be comical. <br/><br/>I gave this show a 6/10 strictly for the final episode's 'Black Lodge' sequences because though I don't like David Lynch's style and think he does weird for the sake of weirdness, I thought it was really well done. But even that couldn't save this show in my opinion. It was plain ridiculous and makes me wary of watching any more of these so-called "classics" in the future. <br/><br/>I don't want to spoil much but the show was already bad, but midway though season two it became almost unwatchable. "Twin Peaks" was a fantastic show that was quite experimental for its time (1990-1991) that at it's worst was better than most everything else on TV. I wish the show could have survived longer, but with an awful second season time slot - Saturday at 10pm - it had no chance. The revelation of Laura Palmer's killer took the wind out of the sails somewhat just nine shows into the second season, but the true theme of Twin Peaks was about the evil in the woods that took the form of the killer and the seamy underbelly of what appeared to be everyday small-town life. The murder of Laura Palmer was just the surface of that. Three somewhat pointless episodes followed the one that revealed Laura's killer, but then the show bounced back with the Windham Earle storyline. Unfortunately many viewers had stopped watching the show by then. Perhaps the lasting legacy of "Twin Peaks" is that it made series with weird subplots, long story arcs, and oddball characters more acceptable to the networks. For example, I don't think that "The X-Files" could have made it to the air in 1993 had it not been for "Twin Peaks" preceding it and succeeding. After all, after a show where there is a dwarf that materializes on a bed, dances, and talks backwards, an alternate reality where clones are created and sent out to the world, and creamed corn as a symbol of suffering, the adventures of Scully and Mulder look as thematically tame as Dragnet. Highly recommended. absolute waste of time, do not get carried away by the overrated reviews. even though the first season is to some extent o.k. the second season is absolute waste of time and effort and absolute meaningless. many episodes are simply ridiculous and what the creators wanted to drive nobody can understand. i hope wisdom prevails and this kind of nonsense should be avoided in future as peoples money and time are very precious. absolute avoidable show. benjamin horne civil war episodes are disgusting.james hurleys drive tour is total waste of time. nadaine character only god can understand. extension of the episodes by introducing windom earle character is meaningless. I have not seen the DVD so my comments are based primarily on the VHS version of the show. First off: due to way the series was released on VHS the series pilot was expanded and altered for the theatrical release, so in order to see the entire series you have to watch the two hour movie, but not be taken in by the ending. The series itself was a refreshing blast of cold air in the midst of the insipid dreck that TV programing usually presents. I am always delighted by the truly warped mind of this twisted auteur, and this show is very much why. The cast is excellent. Twin Peaks itself, the town and it's people appear at first as very ordinary, but as is the case in many small towns there is a lot hidden behind the facade. <br/><br/>I was especially taken with Special Agent Dale Cooper (Maclachlan) who is anything but your typical Hooveristic FBI agent. Michael Ontkean is his perfect foil as Shreiff Harry S. Truman. I could go on and on, but I think it were time better sent if you were watching the series, 29 wonderful hours all told. A super cast, a story that twists and turns more than a hair pin road, and the haunting theme music make this a TV and film classic. Warning: not for small children, say under twenty. Or over sixty. (OK sixty five tops). After watching this show I just had to write a review so here's my 1st one!<br/><br/>I didn't know what to expect of this, I remember the music of this when I was a child and that was about it. In the first few minutes of the pilot with Lauras death I was thinking it was going to be a serious typical US 80s Knightrider type show. Boy was I wrong! The quirks of this show is its ability to use various styles of acting and get you gripped with its twists and plots of its storyline. The characters personalities are intriguing and you may soon start interests for them and wondering what will befall them next along with a lot of strange, exciting and twisted things that would happen, not forgetting the humour of which there is a lot of not all obvious. David Duchovny in his Denise outing was a source of a lot of fun!<br/><br/>Two things for me I found worked effectively, I was genuinely scared of that 'Bob' character, especially in one of his introduction visions where he crawls from a door over the carpet and over the sofa to Lauras mother which was very creepy even at 27yrs! The other thing was the brilliant and very disturbing piece of acting when Maddy was being beaten/raped/killed by Leyland/Bob and the switch between the two characters when she was being attacked really turned me and made me think of the reality that there are some people like that out there that get sick pleasure out of the last few desperate moments of someones life and a glimpse of what they are actually feeling. I really felt what was being put across there and it scared me..<br/><br/>Personally, the Laura story ended at the wrong point in the middle of the 2nd series, maybe it would have been better being a full series, apparently Frost and Lynch were forced to end it sooner than they wanted due to network pressures. Even though the rest of the episodes weren't as gripping but it still had LOADS to offer before it was snapped at its neck. Current shows that seem to regularly end after the 1st series definitely could learn something out of this wonderful piece of film.<br/><br/>There are lots of familiar faces from contemporary acting seen here in their earlier days, I was surprised to see Don Davis (General Hammond from Stargate SG-1), David Duchovny from X-Files, Billy Zane and the lead, Kyle MacLachlan also spring to mind. Overall one of the best and most enjoyable shows I have ever watched, including some fine acting especially by Kyle MacLachlan, and God doesn't Leyland with him evil grin just make you cringe! Favourite was Nadine for purely humorous reasons! lol Created by David Lynch(director of "Eraserhead" and "The Elephant Man") and Mark Frost, "Twin peaks" combines drama, comedy and mystery with some elements of supernatural horror in a unconventional, impressive manner.<br/><br/>The story follows the investigations the agent Dale Cooper to solve the mysterious murder of a beautiful and beloved girl, Laura Palmer, who is seemed as a role-model by almost everyone in the town of Twin peaks. However, things aren't what it seem in "Twin Peaks" and no one is who pretends to be. Many dark secrets of almost all the characters are revealed in every episode, but always in a fascinating, intriguing way. This show caught me since the first episode, until the surprising, disturbing and impressive last episode. This is one of the most artistic TV-shows ever made. All the characters are unique and the performances are great. The music made by Angelo Badalamenti, is great as the show, giving a unique feeling. Many shows tried (like "Lost") tried to be like this one. But for me at least, it never won't be any shows like this. This is a must-see for everyone. Twin Peaks started off with enormous popularity, and by the middle of the second season the show began to lose it's fans as it became stranger and stranger. And it is understandable why people stopped viewing. The main question when the show started was "Who killed Laura Palmer?", and after only 17 episodes, the question was answered and the show's plot switched. Characters were also being killed off left and right. This show's progression was too fast for it's own good, and that's what probably led to it's downfall...that and the second season which was a big let down compared to the first.<br/><br/>Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee) is one of the most beloved residents of the small town of Twin Peaks, so it comes as a huge shocker when she is found dead. Special Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle McLaughlan) is called in to town to help with the case, and the possible murderers are many. Also in the town of Twin Peaks, or in the outskirt forests, are many secrets, and supernatural happenings.<br/><br/>Season one of Twin Peaks is great. It introduces the characters well, and is the perfect mixture of comedy and drama. This season only touched upon the supernaturals that the series would soon adapt, which may have been a complaint among fans, but season two went overboard. Season two is good, but was just too much. Laura Palmer's killer was revealed mid season, and really that was the end of the show's plot. It tried to be a smooth transition, but it wasn't. Before this point, Laura Palmer was the show's star, and when she was laid to rest along with her murderer (In one of the show's most brilliant episodes), the show lost something. It went off to become too bizarre it was bordering on silly. But still, even with this season, this was an excellent show.<br/><br/>As for originality, this show is one of the most original shows ever thought up. It's basically a supernatural soap opera murder mystery that attracts both males and females, and has a huge cast, with each episode playing as an anthology of character observations. Season one was near perfect, season two was near great, and overall this was an excellent series.<br/><br/>My rating: *** 1/2 out of ****. 48 mins per episode. TV14 Twin peaks at first is like a lot of David lynch's work. Let's say you need to watch most of his films 2 times round to get an understanding of them. When I watched the pilot for the first time I felt like I was a part of the twin peaks community. The show does such a great job in combining genres. From the pilot to the last episode of season 2 I was intrigued by everything. I think the reason for me being so intrigued by twin peaks is not quite understanding everything at first and then later on having it all make sense. A big part of twin peaks is the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo badalamente. Without the soundtrack twin peaks I think would be very different as each scene has a stylish song playing to set the scene. For example the black lodge has the arm dancing to badalamete's dance of the dream man. Twin peaks is by far my favourite tv series and really do hope lynch makes a fourth series. I literally could not force myself to watch the entire first (pilot) episode (I watched most of it - about an hour - before I turned it off). Here's why: (1) - slow, slow, SLOW-moving story (2)- all of the characters are very odd - like in the movie "Fargo" - but not humorous like in that movie (3)- several of the characters are anachronistic - dress and act like characters from a 50s or 60s movie (both - some are 50s, some are 60s, most are modern-day). Perhaps this was an attempt at humor? It failed miserably. (4)- the high school students - which play an important role in the show - all appear to be in their mid-20s. Not done in a humorous way. (5)- inappropriate music. I don't mean that the music is adult; I mean that it is as quirky as the characters, typically not fitting either scene or plot. Again: not funny.<br/><br/>There are movies, shows and books that have included "out of place" things (characters, actors, music) in a very humorous way. The movie "Fargo" is an excellent example. This is not. In this series, we have out-of-place characters, out-of-place actors, and out-of-place music all done in a way that is neither humorous nor entertaining. The frustratingly-slow pace of the show seals the deal. One of the worst shows it has ever been my misfortune to waste my time watching. I perceive Dr. Jacoby to be strongly based on the late ethnobotanist, Terrence McKenna. Their physical appearance is strikingly similar, their dress style is similar and they are both in the liberal arts professions. Dr. Jacoby holidays in Hawaii and has a Hawaiian wife, McKenna lived in Hawaii. Dr. Jacoby has a notable mushroom shaped lamp, McKenna studied and wrote widely on psychedelic mushroom culture.<br/><br/>We corresponded via email too briefly in 1996. He advised me in regard to life and 2012 to "be there or be square."<br/><br/>When I posted this in the Twin Peaks Message Boards area two fellow posters quickly agreed with me.<br/><br/>BTW, I watched Twin Peaks when it was originally aired in the UK around 15 years ago.<br/><br/>I have a copy of the December 1990 Playboy starring Sherilyn Fenn which I purchased underage although quite permissible for her only semi-nudity.<br/><br/>--- by Jerome, computer coder, author, and voter of 1,000 films. Spoilers herein.<br/><br/>There are two characters here, the creative mind of Lynch and the market forces of TeeVee. Lynch has built a project around two such notions before: in `Blue Velvet' the two main characters were the small town movie and the twists of his mind. In Blue, the formula worked marvelously because the hierarchy worked: the base was the movie form and it was inherently enriching. Same with `Mulholland.'<br/><br/>The risk here is much greater because the base is TeeVee, and that form is the opposite. It drains. In Blue, Lynch's mind could weave values with the `small town' movie. Here, it is relied upon to provide all the life. Instead of the partner enlivening, it drains. Compare this to `Fire Walk' to see what I mean.<br/><br/>Here, the notion is to go as far as possible with nothing happening. All must be in stasis. The joke is that while much is revealed nothing is ever explained, and if nothing else, TeeVee audiences are addicted to clarity and simplicity. So as with Seinfeld, the TeeVee audience went along with the joke; `oh, I get it... there's nothing there.. there's not _supposed_ to be something there.'<br/><br/>This must have been frustrating for Lynch. He surrounded himself with people he knew and trusted. Many had worked on his films. All agreed. No one deliberately fell away from the plan. But everyone did, because the medium is so powerful it bends the best intentions. It is impossible to work this kind of intelligence with TeeVee. This is a very strong lesson for those who study film and how it affects the society's methods of reasoning.<br/><br/>Ted's Evaluation -- 2 of 4: Has some interesting elements. Boring, weird, dated: these are the words I would use to describe the 1st season of Twin Peaks. I've watched many TV Series with a rating below this one and they were much much better. I watched the 1st season one episode at a time, not compelled to watch the next one, or the next. The actors are playing their parts really really weird, not sure if that was intended but it just doesn't seem right.
My advice: avoid this one, it's not nearly as good as they say Do yourself a favor and make Season 2 Episode 9 the last episode you watch.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong there are brilliant moments between Heather Graham and Kyle MacLachlan, and I loved the chess and four queen analogy.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the owl cave was just awful. The shapes didn't even align - the tattoos were triangles and on Cooper's drawings (and in the cave) the shapes were diamonds. Then the police investigate the scene and leave / the villain investigates the scene - finds what the police overlook / and then the police come back... all on the same night... What the? It was so poorly done - it would've been better left out.<br/><br/>And, so MUCH more could have been done with the final two episodes. The Miss Twin Peaks competition was a train wreck - completely awkward. Particularly when compared to the 4 episodes which beautifully and smoothly setup the the pageant (I particularly enjoyed the interaction with the villain and Leo, and the villain and the 3 queens.) Finally, the last episode was completed with the obvious intent of creating a 3rd season, and ironically - ABC never opted to pick it up. So... you just sit there thinking (20 years later, watching season 2 at one sitting on Netflix instead of week by week on ABC) why did I invest all this time in a series that ended like this!? It was as if I was watching the Matrix 2 and 3 all over again. Ugh. I can't understand why so many peoples praised this show. Twin peaks is one of the most boring titles I have ever seen in my life.<br/><br/>Now I have seen all season 1 episodes, and seeing season 2 episode 1. Simply I can't take this show anymore.<br/><br/>1) Where is the proper induction in criminal investigation?<br/><br/>In season 1, there was a scene that agent Cooper throws stones to a bottle. Can you guess why he did that? He just want to identify murderer by doing this 'joke' while mentioning supernatural ability given by Tibet dream. Wow!!!<br/><br/>2) There are too many unnecessary scenes in this show.<br/><br/>For example, season 2 started with a 'funny' scene that a dumb old man serves agent Cooper with a cup of milk while Cooper are laying down on the floor.( He got the gun shoots in his belly already. ) This old man is doing nothing but saying some dumb comments. That's all.<br/><br/>This scene is really boring and even long ( 3 min 30 sec.... It's like Hell. )<br/><br/>I would read some comic books rather than see this show anymore. Over the years I've heard so many comments about how wonderful Twin Peaks was, so having missed it the first time around I thought I'd give it a go once it appeared on Now TV. I already knew it was supposed to be a bit weird, so the apparent quirkiness of the characters didn't put me off at all.<br/><br/>I watched every episode of series one, just about managing to keep up with the disjointed story-line. Then just as I started watching episode two of the second season, I realised that I really couldn't watch any more of this drivel! I was going to search online to find out who the killer was, but I don't care enough to make the effort!! There are people who have given it 10/10 - but I don't get why. Twin Peaks is one of those shows I can't accurately describe. It started out kinda okay, even if a bit weird. Season 1 was tolerable I guess. Season 2 is so horrible, I can't think of the correct words to describe how bad it was. I mean, BAD. I got through a few episodes and I gave up. I don't know what they were thinking. Must've been on some hardcore drugs when making it. If you wanna give it a try, go ahead. But be warned, it is not a stellar show like a lot of these people are saying. I'm not even sure most of them are talking about the same show. Poor acting, horrible directing, weird storyline. Good luck, you'll need it. I gave it 3 stars just because the first season was at least watchable. I skipped this on its initial run because I was tired of hearing about it all the time, but I never assumed that meant I wouldn't like it if I tried it. When it appeared on streaming for free, I gave it a try, and I watched it up until they revealed who the killer was, but I can't say I ever really got with it. It seemed to be perpetually reveling in its weird coolness or cool weirdness, one of the two. The characters weren't very interesting. The story was confusing. It seemed to be technically well done, and I'm sure it was ground-breaking for its day, but it just didn't grab me.<br/><br/>My one shout-out goes to Bob. A couple of his more intense scenes still cross my mind from time to time. I thought he was the best thing about the whole show. This is crazy! Weird, it definitely is, but what else do you expect from Fincher. I just finished the episode where we find out, ostensibly i should say cause I have no idea where this is going, who the actual killer is (Laura's Father). I am seriously enjoying this and it totally holds up as one of the great TV dramas of all time. If anybody can tell me without giving anything away if all the questions are answered at the end I'd be very grateful. Frankly, in this age of never ending twists and turns I'd really like every question I have to be answered, not meaning it has to be a happy ending, just that we aren't left wondering when plot twists go nowhere (a la JJ Abrhams). Although I haven't even finished this series yet, although I'm almost done thanks to the convenience of Netflix, I would still recommend this to anyone who appreciates good TV. This was the most painful show to watch. It was so incredibly boring and poorly written. The background music made it a million time worse. I could not bare to even finish the first season. I have no idea how this show is rated so high. If I could give this show negative stars I would! Few year ago I tried watching this and gave up, I just tried again as I had forgotten why I had not gotten around watching it seeing it has a lot of very good reviews. I was not even able to watch one episode, it's super cheesy, wooden acting, the dialogues lameness was unpreditable, not because they are original but because it's so deeply cliche that you wouldn't expect it. Dialogue keep explaining things that are self explanatory if you have eyes and are older than 5 years old. But the thing that bothers me the most is the melodramatic music, which whenever used in a show or a movie is done to try to compensate for poor acting and lack of cinematographic ambience . Or a little jazz suspense music with 2 guys sitting at a table looking like they forgot they had to fake the seriousness of the scene. Anyways it's just terrible, why so many people review this as if it was a jewel really baffles me. The series opens with the body of local beauty Laura Palma being discovered and one could be forgiven that this was going to be another routine murder mystery. There are the expected strange clues such as a letter hidden under the girls nails linking it to a previous crime... which might lead one to think it is a serial killer drama. The local sheriff's department call in the FBI and Agent Dale Cooper is dispatched to town; he is to become the series' protagonist. He starts out investigating the death as he would any other but it isn't long before things turn strange; he has a strange dream that is some how more than a dream and people see a strange man know as Bob. As the investigation continues we learn more about Laura's life and discover that she wasn't as innocent as people thought and was mixed up with some dangerous people; that doesn't mean it was one of them who killed her though. The series is about much more than a murder investigation; it also follows the lives of those affected by it and those around them. There are many subplots involving the personal relationships of the people and their general lives.<br/><br/>This series deserves to be considered a cult classic; creator David Lynch does a great job bringing his strange world to the screen; nothing here is quite normal... even the things that appear to be are just slightly off; for example even though the film is set in the present (at the time it was made) it has a '50s feel to it; as though the town was somehow in the wrong time! The acting from the main cast was spot on; especially Kyle MacLachlan who plays Agent Cooper, Michael Ontkean who plays Sheriff Harry Truman and Sherilyn Fenn who played the sultry Audrey Horne, one of Laura's friends. It isn't the question of who killed Laura Palmer that makes the series so fascinating, that gets solved early in the second season; it is discovering little details about the characters as the series progresses and when it ends you will either be tearing your hair out in frustration or thinking you've just seen something great... or possibly both! I don't know what is it with people and old 'classic' shows that they feel obligated to rate so high, sure for some old folks this kinda shows brings back memories, but does it mean it's worthy of a high rate like 8.9 ? in my opinion absolutely not. i'm a fan of classic stuff , and some of you may say you should not be so hard on the shows like this, because well they're really old. that is simply not a good argument, x files was old too and i loved it, twin peaks is dull and not even remotely scary.<br/><br/>this show is consisted of a dull storyline, unfit music and stupid actors who have no idea of how they should act, all these elements and much more that i can't recall right now makes this show a cheap attempt to what i don't know, if their purpose was to make a horror series i have to say they failed big time, throughout the show i felt everything but horror, even laughing occasionally occasionally. I watched the first 3 episodes of season 1 after finishing Carnavale. Reviews said the shows were similar with the supernatural/mystery vibe, genre. The acting was horrendous, it's something you would see in a B movie nowadays. Good News though Shelly Briggs is still hot, she's currently on the show Riverdale. That's the only highlight of this show. Unfortunately some shows don't live up to the times. And some do, me and the wife recently watched Teen Wolf and it was still funny and something people would enjoy nowadays. I'm going to read the summary of seasons 1+2 and then try the 2017 version and then I'll update the review. Soapy, ridiculous and terrifying. A brilliantly stupid, genre defying TV show that is still easy to watch and enjoy. Posesses a wholly unique atmosphere, harbours a dark and classic twist and stars the best character in TV history, Dale Cooper. Kyle Machlachlans performance as the coffee fuelled FBI agent holds the show together, especially through the relative lull in the later half of Season 2 (That finale though! Phew!) We are not in the fairy tale of the naked emperor. We may confess the truth of what we see without being stupid, confess, that this show is in many aspects just incomprehensible and that it is clear that much of it was created out of pure intuition without real concept.<br/><br/>Well, obviously many people like such stuff. I don't. I prefer well thought and planed shows. And I also confess that the show is much to serious for my taste and boring...those love and drug stories...There are so many exciting soaps with lot of suspense (Dallas e.g.) but Twin Peaks can't catch my attention. I don't care about those people, except Cooper and Gordon Cole. After seeing the rating and reviews of other users I felt like downloading the serial. At the start it seemed interesting. But gradually as the episodes went by it seemed the story was about all the characters displayed in the serial including a log. There was no focus on one single subject.In displaying multiple stories the serial just went round and round making it bore and irritating. The end was just more than enough to take for. Not really understood whether it is mystery or spiritual. Please do not waste your time in watching this serial. My rating at start would have been 7. But sorry now it is 1.The end made it all for the reviews. *spoilers . . . you can't really discuss this series without spoilers*<br/><br/>Okay, let me start by saying I love David Lynch. I also love Twin Peaks, what it was aspiring to, and how often it met those aspirations.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, TV sets some pretty low standards. Despite the fact that Twin Peaks was a great TV show, it had *huge* problems.<br/><br/>The show starts as a murder mystery, and as such, introduces us to a gargantuan cast with colorful characters. Each character has his or her world view and a possible motive for having done the deed. This structure is typical for a murder mystery.<br/><br/>However, another typical feature of the murder mystery is that it has GOT to narrow down and start telling the story at this point. Round about episode 13 or 14 you'll start to realize that 70% of the characters and situations in the series are not germane to the story Lynch was originally trying to tell. Worse, some of them turn like sour milk and take on gruesome lives of their own. Frankly put, I don't *care* if the orphan is a prototype problem child, I don't care *care* that the idiot millionaire is stuck in some stupid Civil War reenactment, and I *certainly* don't care what's going on with the frigging Packard saw mill and the whole real estate development business (which incidentally didn't even make sense from day one, except as a possible murder motive).<br/><br/>Simply put, this series has too much dead weight. The love stories are interesting, but often irrelevant (e.g., Ed and Norma). The ones that are relevant (e.g., Donna and James) suffer because they have to compete for time with all of these absurd subplots.<br/><br/>This series is about the death of Laura Palmer, the discovery of her killer, the implications of that discovery, and the fallout on the people surrounding these events (Cooper, Donna, James, Windom Earle, Annie, etc. etc.). The shows that managed to do this make some of the best TV I've ever seen; "Lonely Souls" is one of the best episodes I've ever seen of a TV show ever. Unfortunately, three episodes later I was wondering what happened, and why my show had become such complete garbage. Then it picked up again as the real plot started moving.<br/><br/>The reason this show got canceled and X-Files was on for eight years was that X-Files actually had some focus and a clear idea of the story it wanted to tell. It's a shame that this couldn't have continued- I really wanted to know what happened with the Black Lodge and the White Lodge . . .<br/><br/>Watch it and enjoy it. Prepared to get VERY bored for the next few episodes after 16. Another pretentious effort from over-rated Lynch. The series goes nowhere and all the build up is nonsense. Twin Peaks is over-rated and stiff performances make this a not very good watch for people who like good stories. There's not one episode that is entertaining. The Laura Palmer case is not worth watching, is not told well, and the series is just a riff off much better stories and films. Twin Peaks is quite simply a Tour De Force. It's a term I am hesitant to use. It's a term that seems to be thrown around quite often when talking about something popular. However trust me when I say that Twin Peaks fully deserves the honor of being called a Tour De Force. The show is like nothing I have ever witnessed in my 25 years of life on this earth. I'm quite sure the experience I had watching it for the first time is a feeling I will never feel again. It's type of love that is only experienced once or twice in a life time. That one single piece of TV, book music or what ever, that completely opens the flood gates of your mind to senses you never you even knew existed. The type of feeling you will spend the rest of your life trying to feel again, even though you know you never will. That's what Twin Peaks has done to me. It captured my imagination and permanently branded it self inside my brain. It is the most bittersweet moment of TV history for me ever.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks takes place in the sleepy logging town of well Twin Peaks. When The home coming queen and the towns favorite sweet heart Laura Palmer is brutally murdered Special Agent Dale Cooper of the F.B.I. is brought in to investigate and solve the crime. However, The Murder or Laura Palmer is nothing more then a vehicle for the writers of the show to explore the deepest of human emotion and intrigue. The most Purest of hearts and the most darkest of Evil. Like an Onion each layer pealed back only leads you to more tears and even more question. But at no point during the shows run do you feel like the writers are just stringing you along for the sake of making a drama. No Cliffhanger is unearned and no answers is without its consequence. Like any good story its multiple layers can be viewed from almost any angle. The core murder mystery is enough to drive any viewer forward and for those who enjoy digging and dissecting threw plot points and foreshadowing Twin Peaks will reward you with jewels and diamonds you never even knew existed.<br/><br/>Sadly the show was canceled after only 2 seasons. do to the fact of ABC feeling uncomfortable with such an out there show like Twin Peaks. My recommendation for any first time watchers is, stick with it! The pilot can be a little slow to some and it's universe its introducing can seem down right ridiculous. However I promise by the end of episode 3 you will be doing just as I did my first time watching. Leaping out of your chair screaming "WHAT THE F**** IS GOING ON IN THIS SHOW!?" It will have you. You will want to know more and see more. It will go with you to bed at night and rise with you in the morning.<br/><br/>In closing Twin Peaks is a amazing work of American TV. Even in the year 2010 I promise you it will be nothing like you have seen before and by the finale episode you too will be cursing the corporate god's of ABC for not allowing such a thought provoking and mesmerizing show the chance it deserved. In short you'll love it. Now, how about a nice hot cup of coffee? If I had one vote only to select the best television serial ever this would probably be the one. Why I would do it is because Twin Peaks does not have lame moments or lame characters at all; everything just works in its own sheer weight, note perfectly. The story could be like any ordinary crime story but the twists in the plot will distort everything into something that seems weird but looks so real; it's all psychologically so catchy that you must have more of this all the time.<br/><br/>It has already passed some time since this was seen in television but now as another young generation has probably never seen this before I can guarantee that it will make it all happen again. Even those older ones who still fragmentarily remember the events and the twists will find the serial exciting as ever. It doesn't matter even if you know the solution in the end, what is real turns into surreal and it will put you to watch this for another time.<br/><br/>It's all scary, funny, intelligent, erotic and weird but nothing in excess. And the music. Nothing is so well balanced enjoyment as this. Dumbest show I ever saw, and that inludes such dogs as My Mother the Car, Mr. Ed., Rosemary's Baby, The Collector, Last Tango in Paris, and Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolff. I was right with David Lynch up until the final episode. The show was amazing. It was the perfect blend of crime, drama, the supernatural, and the surreal. Let me start by saying I did enjoy how Lynch wrapped up the plot line of Agent Cooper. Having him become possessed by Bob was the epitome of a perfect cliff hanger, with the twist of a bittersweet ending. However, I cannot give Lynch too much credit with finishing off the series in that way. While watching the final episode, I kept checking to see how much time was left, and started to become concerned that many of the plot lines were not going to be tied up in a neat little package. And they weren't.<br/><br/>For starters, it is safe to assume that both Catherine and Andrew Packard died, along with Audrey Horne, in the bank explosion set by Thomas Eckhardt. But I am not sure that we can assume Ben Horne is dead. Yes, Doctor Hayward acted regrettably grief-stricken in a classic late-80's way, but as we know from earlier in the series, looking dead does not always mean dead i.e. when Hank Jennings shot Leo Johnson in season 1. And speaking of Hayward, having this ridiculous plot twist in the second to last episode of Ben Horne being Donna Hayward's biological father was absolutely unnecessary and contributed literally nothing to the show, except that it took up excessive time in the episodes. We never saw the White Lodge, the shaking hands of Twin Peaks citizens in the penultimate episode was never explained, and more importantly, what happened to Josie? We know that her body only weighed 55 lbs after deceased, and it is safe to assume that Bob trapped her soul in the side table drawer at the Great Northern hotel, but is she stuck there? Who's to say. And what happens to James Hurley?<br/><br/>As much as I want to enjoy Twin Peaks, with the extensive thoroughness and thoughtful dialogue David Lynch put into it (up until the last episode), I cannot. I appreciate the surreal turn the plot took using Major Briggs in the second season, but to be honest, the show probably could have ended after we find out that Leland Palmer/Bob killed Laura. The supernatural events were not adequately explained, like why Major Briggs was affected by the Black Lodge, or if it was a government-related scam at all. You were so close David Lynch, but you just couldn't hit the mark.<br/><br/>*I have not watched Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me yet so I apologize if any of the plot lines I have mentioned above are wrapped up in the movie. It all starts the way we remember the film, but we soon are going to be lost in translation, we are going to lose our memory and we are bound to loosen our minds into something that sounds like derangement. And we find out in the final "Lost and Found" that some lines were dropped along the way that would have made the surreal aspect even deeper, darker and bleaker.<br/><br/>A long bloody series of killings one after the other brings a federal Special Agent, a certain Dale Cooper, into the picture of this panoramic and flabbergasting mountain-scape from upland Wasington at the very border to Canada. And we wonder why a great film director decided to become the director – and creator – of a TV series. And we do not know, and we cannot know, and the concerned director could not even know himself. He felt the impulse, he needed some extra money, or he wanted to discover some new territory. But who cares anyway.<br/><br/>This series produced in 1990-1991 and followed by the film "Twin Peaks, Fire Walk With Me" in 1992 opened completely new territories and trails in TV art, because TV can be an art. First it completely dropped the autonomous episode syndrome and the whole series is but one story that cannot be considered as sliced up in episodes that would be autonomous one from the other. Each episode ends up with a strong at times melodramatic, most of the type pretty dramatic last touch that is supposed to create fear and to call for anxiety and expectation. And it is not simply what Stephen King recalls about the special teenage matinée films in the old days with one serial character, with one unified episode each week, and yet each one ending right in the most atrociously suspenseful event, like a cliffhanger just losing his grip two thousand feet over the firm ground at the foot of the cliff, but after concluding his business of the week just before. <br/><br/>In the case of this series that suspenseful last touch is in fact opening a new can of worms that is an amplification of the very episode and yet forcing us to lose all our certainty about what has happened in this episode, hence throwing our minds into disbelief and doubt about the whole story line and what could come next. This suspense does not require us to suspend our disbelief. It creates in our consciousness absolute disbelief about any hypotheses or conclusion we might have come to. <br/><br/>And sure enough from a simple detective story, a banal crime story or even a lackluster serial killer story we move to a vengeance story, a ghost story, a supernatural story, a fantastic dark fantasy of a story that never stops going beyond the margin and limits of natural circumstances.<br/><br/>This series has had many descendants, many children and grandchildren, from "Lost" to "Supernatural" or all the mini series produced by Stephen King or other people in the same line. As such David Lynch has opened up a real can of real rodent bugs that are haunting us, gnawing at our guts and munching our vitals with teeth of steel.<br/><br/>The present Gold Box Edition is particularly welcome because the modern definition of our screens and the wide size of these screens being what they are, this product that was done for low definition and small screens becomes magical. The editor of the set goes as far as giving us, at the very end some small scenes that were deleted, supposedly lost and miraculously retrieved, precisely in the low definition of the time and we can remember the fuzziness of these pictures, though at the time it was less visible because the screens were so small that the pixels were nearly microscopic. <br/><br/>We thus can enjoy the rich setting slightly overcrowded with props and detail, the encumbered movements and actions that find all their power and force in today's technical conditions, all for our best enjoyment.<br/><br/>But does it mean anything?<br/><br/>I am afraid not. I can't really tell you the end, but let's say it is becoming common today, especially after the last volume of the "Dark Tower" series by Stephen King in which the last page of the seventh and chronologically last volume is word for word the same as the first page of the very first volume. David Lynch is a lot more complex than just repeating the first scene of the first episode in the last scene of the last episode, but altogether it is the same pattern. Life is eternal because it repeats itself. Life is deadly, fatal, lethal, because it can start all over again just after death has struck. <br/><br/>The only deeper reflection you may get out of this series is that nature is beautiful, man, (and woman) is a dirty littering filthy polluting animal but deep deeper deepest in this world the polluter always gets it right bang in their faces. There is always a pine weasel that can bite your nose. Apart from that it is pure entertainment and story telling, even if at times the story telling is kind of twisted and far-fetched.<br/><br/>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU The owls are not what they seem in the world of Twin Peaks. And it's not only the owls - after all this is a David Lynch series. For starters, the idyllic small American town feels like a throwback to the fifties judging by its nostalgic vibe, the themes prevalent in the show, the jazzy music that is in the air (thanks to the great Angelo Badalamenti), and it's all intentionally so. The fifties was a time that tried to re-establish perfect family life and all around community wholesomeness, and yet under the surface conflicts simmered in society's underbelly - like in Twin Peaks where under the appearance of perfection evil rears its ugly head. Everywhere secrets are wrapped in secrets, and one of the wrapped secrets is the body of homecoming queen Laura Palmer...<br/><br/>Even if you're aware of this premise it won't prepare you for the incomparable mix of melodrama, horror, camp, surrealism and the supernatural that awaits you in Twin Peaks, as "Twin Peaks" is like no other show. And there's more. Because despite all the darkness and even mythical depth of evil that slowly creeps into the series and adds a bizarre, cryptic turn to the course of events, what dominates the show is its all around quirkiness, the soap opera-like banter, the strange situations and above all an eccentric humorous quality, a far cry from any regular crime series drama. Lynch on the one hand goes all the way to depict the primeval existential fears and the horrid things that dwell, thrive in us and corrupt us, but he uncovers these abysses not primarily through hard facts, but by dream-inspired investigation that link subconscious experiences to brutal criminal realities. On the other hand the dark humor Lynch injects elevates the show to a mesmerizing and fascinating hybrid of two extremes. This all wouldn't work if Lynch couldn't manage to weave a unique spell around the viewer that seduces him into a reality permeated by mythical truths that can be taken as profound and lightweight at the same time.<br/><br/>Focal point of course is FBI Agent Dale Cooper whose idiosyncratic methods to find a murderer are based more on intuition than logic, but he's just one of the oddball characters that make "Twin Peaks" a real treat: Meet - among others - e.g. Deputy Andy (Stan Laurel inspired), FBI Regional Bureau Chief Gordon Cole with a hearing problem (Lynch himself), a dwarf, a giant and a shady presence with the common name Bob to name just a few. If you're looking for something you have never seen before and probably will never see again, a crime show between hilarious soap opera and existential profoundness with mythical undertones, then "Twin Peaks" will do the job. Side effect: A possible sudden craving for cherry pie and damn fine coffee. (And an urge to see the controversial movie that was made as a prequel later. Enter at your own risk!) After having watched a few episodes from the first season of 'Twin Peaks' it struck me that this is a series that manages what virtually no other has before it, or since. It has managed to effectively communicate that most appealing aspect of the world; the unknown, know to some of us through random moments of "enlightenment" or a suddenly appearing awareness of the existence of a larger and seemingly unfathomable universe.<br/><br/>Those are quite big words for something as mundane as a TV show, and for anything else for that matter. Yet the sense of the mysterious and perhaps "dark" aspects of existence that seems to seep out between the lines of 'Twin Peaks' is certainly evoking feelings of something "big". The attributes of the small town named after its dramatic natural surroundings invites the viewer into a world where secrets are kept, and where information is only available through careful observation and analytical thinking, as well as a keen sensibility to the spiritual, or perhaps emotional aspects of the human psyche.<br/><br/>Special Agent Cooper, the man who arrives in 'Twin Peaks' in order to investigate the murder of Laura Palmer seems to possess all of these attributes, enabling him to painstakingly yet elegantly work his way through the layers of understanding and deception before him, and us. In the realistic but often eccentric environment of 'Twin Peaks' we are offered a chance to explore the misty borderland between the human will and the raw natural force of seemingly random events. It is here that Agent Cooper excels, and it is here that I am left helpless as a viewer, trailing Cooper in his efforts with a strong sense of being outside of my mental comfort zone, yet with a growing curiosity and fascination that leaves me no other choice than engulf myself in the story.<br/><br/>To conclude, 'Twin Peaks' represents to me something unique in television. This something is, I believe, what hides between the lines, and the beauty of the human brain's limitations when it comes to deciphering that hidden message. I just recently began watching "Twin Peaks" after hearing about it from a friend. I at first thought that it would be some sort of teen drama about high school, the type of show that I am not usually interested in. Upon viewing, I was pleasantly surprised by the plot and the characters in the show. <br/><br/>"Twin Peaks," as I now know, has events that are very puzzling and exciting. I feel that the show, overall, is high-caliber, original, and revolutionary. I believe it is these things because it is well-written and it doesn't try to be anything its not. David Lynch and Mark Frost and Harley Peyton and the entire writing team wrote what they wanted to and, for some odd reason, it works in the world of "Twin Peaks."<br/><br/>"Twin Peaks" is does an excellent job of transporting the viewer into another world of forests and small town hospitality. It's nice when a TV show is set in a place other than NYC or Los Angeles. The cinematography is beautiful and the music really grows on you. At first I thought: "Do they have another piece of music to play with their sentimental scenes?" But then I realized that the music is quirky and it seems to tie everyone together. Plus, I find myself humming the theme song when the show begins. <br/><br/>I like the show because everything is unexpected. To pull the viewer in, they use methods of clever dialog and subtle wit to develop characters and plot. I found myself watching "Twin Peaks" thinking: "Wasn't there a CSI episode like that?" and realizing that "Twin Peaks" came so many years before. I had no idea who killed Laura Palmer. I wasn't even going to venture a guess because I knew that the writers would shock and surprise me. Oh, boy, they sure did! I was sad when they solved the Laura Palmer case in the middle of Season 2. I wish that people had continued to watch after that, because I would've followed it. <br/><br/>Once the studio executives began to interfere, the show lost a little bit of magic. The plot lines were decidedly more mainstream, less quirky and bizarre. I wanted them to go back to the weird stuff: the Giant, the Man From Another Place, and BOB. But it was only when Lynch came back to write and direct the last two episodes that it felt like "Twin Peaks." I think a lot of people would agree with me here. However, I am not bashing the other talented writers for the show, only saying that an outline of main plots would have helped. I don't care about James Hurley and his tryst with Evelyn Marsh, or Ben Horne's slip into insanity with his Civil War reenactment (though that was kind of funny). I also didn't need the Little Nicky or Dick Tremayne scenes or the Lana Budding Milford scenes. I did love the Miss Twin Peaks, though! They needed to consolidate just a little bit and cut out the stuff that didn't progress the story. <br/><br/>On the other hand, the side plots helped the viewer to be completely unable to expect or predict what was going to happen. <br/><br/>After watching the final episode and letting it sink in, I will admit that I am going into withdrawals. I am an admirer of film and television and a writer, so I feel as if I slip into the worlds of these shows and movies only to find myself ripped out of it when it ends.<br/><br/>The finale of Season 2 of "Twin Peaks" was indeed interesting. I loved the Annie Blackburn character and I think that Heather Graham is very pretty. I liked that Cooper met someone that was innocent and kind and sheltered, much like himself.<br/><br/>Here is how I view some of the events of Episode 29: <br/><br/><ul><li>First, Agent Cooper is a man who, when he falls for someone, he falls hard. The sensation of being in love becomes overwhelming and it is like a drug to him. Unfortunately, his love for Annie (and Caroline, for that matter) makes him blind to the evils around him. </li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Cooper gives up his body to BOB so that he can save Annie's life, proving his overall goodness. Also, Cooper is stuck in the Lodge for 25 years, and hopeful,at the end of those years (or maybe if BOB's spirit is discovered and expelled from Cooper) then he can be free again. </li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>BOB, at the final scene, is mocking Cooper's concern for Annie's welfare when he smashes his head against the mirror and says "How's Annie?" </li></ul><br/><br/>I haven't established all of my opinions about this particular episode or about the series in general. <br/><br/>Overall, I LOVED "Twin Peaks," but here were things I wished could've been covered: <br/><br/>1.) I want a 3rd season, for crying out loud!!! <br/><br/>2.) Did Ben Horne die? Did the fall make him cold and manipulating again? <br/><br/>3.) Did Audrey, Pete, and Andrew live after the bank's explosion? <br/><br/>4.) Will Agent Cooper escape the Black Lodge? <br/><br/>5.) Is the White Lodge heaven? Why didn't they explore that further? <br/><br/>6.) Is Annie really Annie, or is she stuck in the Black Lodge, too?<br/><br/>I wish that they could reboot it with as many of the original actors as they possibly could! It's painful when a show as riveting as this one is lauded for it's originality then taken off the air simply because it gets TOO bizarre or ratings are low! David Lynch, Mark Frost, Kyle Maclaclan, the ENTIRE cast deserve the chance to have this story finished. Hopefully, maybe, there can be a resolution that will introduce the fabulous "Twin Peaks" to my generation, a generation that is being fed utterly cliché garbage. I was always a bit young to watch Twin Peaks back in 1990, and at 5 Years old, obviously, I wasn't too interested in it. But over the course of the past few years I have managed to get my hands on the DVD's, and after watching The second Episode of Season 1, I was glued to the TV, mainly because of the Horror part of the show, The murder of Laura Palmer, Bob, LMFAP, The Giant, Mike, and The Waiting Room were my main interest. I wished this had not ended after only 2 Seasons. The show had always been about Laura Palmer since the Pilot Episode, but gradually throughout Season 2, some story lines were just steering away from the main point of the show, which I was disappointed in. But managed to get back to the point at the last 2 episodes of the series which I was happy with.<br/><br/>They simply don't make shows like this anymore, but had David Lynch got the rights to make a season 3 and filled in all the gaps and cleared up all those unanswered questions, Twin Peaks would have got the recognition it deserves.<br/><br/>If you've seen this, My advice is watch the movie, "Fire Walk With Me", which was a Prequel to the series which somehow clears up most unanswered questions, but not all.<br/><br/>Unpredictable, weird, scary, and some scenes of comedy. Twin Peaks was one of the best series I have ever seen. There is nothing unique in either the TV Series nor the Movie. Which is a prequel to the TV Show, that isn't found everywhere else in life and entertainment. Both before David Lynches disgusting style of story telling, and after. <br/><br/>From the Moment the body of a poor misguided girl washed up on the beach. And being introduced to some of the most mind numbing shady immoral character of the Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>To the Mind numbing almost pedophilia disgusting way the movie seems to romantically tell of the destruction of a Human Life through some random psychedelic phenomena in the Movie Twin Peak:Fire Come Walk with me. <br/><br/>I watched it all just to make sure I wasn't missing anything. I didn't. It's is simply one mans obvious sexual fetish extended over long series fallowed by a ridiculous overly pornographic movie. Save your self the agony the suspense and watch anything else that at least has the ability to tell a story, rather then seduce you into some kind mental porn movie.<br/><br/>I have heard a lot of reviews, rants and raves about how great David Lynch. Because of his ability to define misery and and tragedy and making it into some kind of a wonderful thing. This is not life imitating art, as much as it is some sick twisted version of art doing its best to inspire complete mindless life.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and avoid this garbage. SPOILER: I'd just started watching the 2017 version of Twin Peaks, but realised that I was a little hazy about some of the characters from the old series, so I've just binge-watched all 30 original episodes. <br/><br/>Like many - probably millions - I bailed a few episodes into season 2 when the killer of Laura Palmer was revealed and Maddie too had been killed back in 1991. So good was Ray Wise as Leland that when he left the series, much of the interest went with it, leaving Season 2 floundering rather in an attempt (it now appears) to rebuild. I had hoped that I'd missed out on some brilliant TV. In the main,I didn't.<br/><br/>Series 1 is fine - sufficiently Lynchian to be interesting, but also promising in its pastiche of daytime soaps and teen drama. The first few episodes of Season 2 are superb, chilling and shocking, even if the "Bob" character doesn't quite have the power it once did, although Piper Laurie in Japanese drag may be enough to spit your..er..coffee across the room.<br/><br/>The rest of season 2 - except a great final episode - are a bit of a trial. The pastiche feeling has gone, the oddness of Cooper's character suppressed into a series which is at times awful, and at other times so broadly comic - without really being funny - as to be ridiculous. Nadine, for instance, becomes a teenager and develops super strength while Richard Horne loses his mind and becomes convinced he is General Lee. Elsewhere, characters have personality transplants. Audrey changes from dangerous teen tease into a pillar of the community in about two episodes. Pete - it turns out - is s chess genius. These are just a few examples. It's all a bit horrific. In a bad way.<br/><br/>In short, Twin Peaks, while fondly remembered, was actually pretty terrible for almost half it's entire running length and while some of the performances still stand up - MacLachlan, Beymer, Fenn and Wise in particular - it probably would have been a better series if all the other hands on the tiller in season two hadn't flailed around trying to find a series of plot lines, and more importantly a tone - that worked. <br/><br/>The first 15 or 16 episodes, it has to be said, are unlike anything ever seen on TV, however. Definitely a series of two halves. It is not easy to write a critical commentary to a series that seems to have pleased hundreds of thousands of watchers in almost two decades. However, I will dare presenting a few major flaws in this TV series that should convince the one or other to re-think the obvious completely uncritical appraisal of Lynch/Frost's work.<br/><br/>First, the first season is very seductive and addictive. It is well organized, there is actually a dramaturgy recognizable, everybody can see that there is something like a scenario at the base of what has been filmed, the effects are perfectly placed, there is not superficial gore and silliness used in order to catch the attention - in short: it is very well done, and nothing else one would await from the director of such masterpieces like "Eraserhead", "Blue Velvet" or "Mulholland Drive".<br/><br/>However, second, towards the end already of the first season, one has the strong idea that the story gets thinner and thinner, the dramaturgy starts to break apart and the hitherto well placed suspense-effects make space for gimmickry and claptrap. Also, suddenly psychic events are happening, alien-like figures (who will be more dominant in the second season) are appearing, the coherence is getting lost, and in order to cover that partially up, the camera switches nervously between the different part-stories happening among the peoples involved.<br/><br/>The third season reaches its lowest points in episodes 2.5 and 2.6 (14 and 15, respectively) whose whole sense seem to consist in confusing and prolonging the series as much as possible. Specially, I mention people who are introduced as "Dei Ex Machina", perhaps one should rather say as "Diaboli Ex Machina", since they are needed for one or two episodes, but are completely unmotivated in the whole of the story. Suddenly, we see love-scenes between protagonists which belong to the lowest possible level, obviously solely injected for filling the default frame of 47 minutes per episode. During the second season, one has also the impression that each episode has been written after the former has been filmed, and not at as whole anymore like in the first season. In order not to spoil, I give only one example: In episode 14, Special Agent Cooper suddenly remembers that he was given an envelope by Audrey, he opens it and realizes now, where she is. However, when the story is going on, we realize that this is obviously not so important for Cooper, although he fell in love to Audrey and was trying to find her during several days of his stay in Twin Peaks. Instead of following the trace that he finally found, he meets several different people, and one has the strong suspect that the writer of this episode has just taken a so-called Homeric nap.<br/><br/>I could go on mentioning dozens of major violations of absolutely basic features that one learns either in film school or during classes of literature in the first semesters of trimesters. Thus, the question arises: If obviously the authors went out of ideas towards the end of the first season, why did they not stop the whole project as it was, concentrating their spirits to create a good ending after 8 episodes? Artificially prolonging a TV-series is as bad as producing low-level sequels of blockbuster-hits. Sometimes euthanasia is better than revival. In a time when sitcoms, cop shows and medical dramas culminated, David Lynch and Mark Frost managed to change the face of television forever with their groundbreaking cult TV show Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>The recipe was simple. They subverted the nighttime soap opera genre, along with using elements from their own artistic sensibilities and that lead to the show's creation.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks follows FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper (portrayed marvelously by Lynch's muse, Kyle MacLachlan) who arrives in the fictional town of Twin Peaks, Washington to investigate the murder of homecoming queen Laura Palmer. He's assisted by the town's top lawman Sheriff Harry S. Truman.<br/><br/>Besides the main mystery, Twin Peaks explores the life in this small northwestern town and exposes the secrets of its quirky and peculiar citizens.<br/><br/>The mix of the unsettling surrealistic tone and the supernatural elements with the campy, offbeat and melodramatic portrayal of the town, truly made Twin Peaks a singular experience.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is world full of possibilities and ambiguity and it stills stands as one of the towering achievements of the small screen. It also paved the way for the so called 'Golden age of TV' like no other show had done at the time. I watched Twin Peaks as a young teenager back when it first aired in the UK on BBC2 (Tuesdays 9pm). I was mesmerized from the start and watched faithfully every week. It was the only time I can remember being allowed to have the TV to myself in return for "babysitting" my brothers. Later I bought the box set (more than once) and have watched Twin Peaks at least once a year from start to finish including the movie and then later "The Missing Pieces." Twin Peaks has remained, and I believe will continue to remain, my absolute favorite TV show. I really am holding on to hope that season 3 will air in time. I have waited 25 yrs and will keep waiting. I love the town, the characters, the story-lines, the music and the scenery. I'm still seeing little things that I never noticed before, pictures on walls, posters in the diner. If you're a fan of Lynch or you just love quirky, weird, addictive TV shows then Twin Peaks is the show for you. The only reason for anyone to review this is surely just to gush. Some friends were talking about it the other night and it just made me want to post something on here. I think that, although a lot of modern US shows are following on from where 'The Sopranos' took things, with cinema-level writing, acting and production values, I think there is an argument that Twin Peaks has never been topped.<br/><br/>At the time, it was a phenomenon. People of all age groups watched it - although rather adult in theme and very confusing, my little sister who was 10-11 in 1990-91 was completely hooked and over the course of a year or so spent all her pocket money on buying the videos, books and other stuff - she even bought a dictaphone! (main character and 'hero' of the show Agent Cooper always talks into a dictaphone). Its has, of course, become one of the biggest cult shows ever, and has been hugely influential on modern television.<br/><br/>Like all David Lynch's work, most of which of course has been released at the cinema, Twin Peaks is heavily stylised and can seem a bit silly out of context - the acting can seem theatrical and plain bad. But once you get into it, you realise it is part of the show's otherworldly charms. The dreamlike feeling, the creation of a vaguely 1950s time-warp atmosphere, the collision of childlike small town innocence with the brutality of modern life and the outside world, these Lynch staples are played out to maximum effect here (much like in Blue Velvet), and by using the soap opera format, the characters get time to develop and fill out, becoming as real as any on-screen creations I can think of, full of flaws and contradictions. As a result, Twin Peaks is one of the most affecting pieces of modern culture you are likely to come across in any medium. It is a topsy turvy journey into the imagination of a man who really does deserve the accolade genius, and for me it is his masterpiece.<br/><br/>Anyone out there who hasn't had their life enriched by watching this fabulous show please, give it a go. It's weird (its REALLY weird) and uneven and it can test your patience. But it's as high art as TV gets and you will come to love it if you give it a chance. It is, pardon me, a damn fine television programme. Started watching Twin Peaks upon recommendation of my colleague (she is a fan of this tv series). However, now i do have some misgivings about having watched it. The plot gets too weird from some point (though it at times plays greatly with some typical plot twists, absurdity, exaggeration, mysticism etc.), so you don't actually understand what it is about and why. Actor's performance is sometimes off the mark (particularly for minor characters), special effects are also disappointing (i don't really know what kind of technology and budget was available at the moment, but i guess it could have been done better), the incentives of minor characters are poorly explained. The series gives too many details about minor characters, who are not of much interest and have little relation to the development of the main story, as a result the series runs over 20 series, which is a lot and, to my mind, hardly justified. Unfortunately, the quality gets worse as the series runs.<br/><br/>Some of my disappointment results from my dislike of mystic tv series (and yes, i didn't care to know the details of plot before watching), but my verdict is that Twin Peaks probably was ahead of its time and deserved critical acclaim, but hasn't aged well and there are better modern options available. Though i don't mean to say it is bad, still enjoyed most of the story (season 1 is amazing). Twin Peaks appeared as a two season television series, initially to soaring audience interest, and then largely ignored except for the art-house cult that like most Lynch productions. Some are excellent, others aren't; halfway into season two the show concludes the main story arc, making the later episodes less resonant, in fact pointless. However, Twin Peaks featured exceptional dialogue, tasteful scenery, beautiful, well written characters and a sense of intrigue and profound suspense, taking place in a quaint, idiosyncratic logging town near Canada, where a senior school girl has been murdered, for unknown reasons.<br/><br/>The crime is investigated by Kyle Maclachlan's character Dale Cooper - a clean cut FBI agent surrounded by likely suspects; failed, hateful lovers, corrupt wealth, drug smugglers, small town losers, a wacky psychiatrist and a handful of eccentric, possibly insane people that appear throughout the show, enabling all sorts of symbolism and dramatic experimentation in an otherwise highly conventional genre. And it's funny.<br/><br/>The show is something of a revision (or parody) of the standard murder mystery/cop procedural show - these shows are usually overwhelmingly "masculinist", a central character (always male) uncovers clues using pure logic and reasoning, the story peppered with conveniently detailed clues and story pieces, structurally sound but rather cold. Lynch's Twin Peaks turns the convention on its head - the FBI agent receives, and announces clues from dreams, empaths, obscure eastern philosophy and other arcana. <br/><br/>In a similar vein, the shows clean cut all-American style masks a subtle satire of the very same American values as well as the consumerist, fussily-produced style of network television. Worth seeing more than once. I really love the way this drama combines doctoring and the peak district so flawlessly! The acting is so real and you can really empathise with the characters! And for those of us who live in the Peak District it brings back that all too familiar feeling of trouble on the hill. The special effects are also fantastic. And as for the award-winning theme, it's fabulous! The actors aren't bad looking either! A fine sample of the Peak District eye candy. If you want a high-tension edge of your seat medical drama with a cute dog, this is the one for you! Don't hesitate to go buy it ASAP. Thank You Peak Practice! How does one begin to describe the series that is his absolute favorite and of which he firmly believes that it remains the most genius and unique piece of television heritage of all times? Perhaps with the obvious statement that every single episode is a mini- masterpiece; - a true feast for all senses that puts you in a kind of magical trance throughout its running time and even long after it's finished. I recently finished watching the series integrally for the third time. The first time was when it first aired on Belgian television in the early nineties. Since I was only 11-12 years old around then, many of the surreal aspects and expressionist trademarks were incomprehensible for me, and I also vividly remember that my parents strongly disapproved of me watching a show that dealt with prom queens being murdered and midgets talking backwards! And yet, even though I didn't capture perhaps half of what was going on, I principally remember that I was lured to the screen as soon as I heard the ominous tunes of Angelo Badalamenti's fantastic theme music and gazed at the show in sort of hypnotized state. The second time I watched the whole series was around 10 years ago when I insisted to introduce "Twin Peaks" to my then-girlfriend who never heard of it. She wasn't very enthusiast and gave up after only six or seven episodes of the first season. The relationship didn't last, not coincidentally I reckon, but I did complete the series on my own and became even more obsessed with the events and the many versatile and intriguing characters that live in the titular northwest lumber town. My third viewing naturally got inspired by the news of the new season – "Twin Peaks" is back after 25 years – and the hope that it'll quickly become available here in Europe as well. I'm not in the habit of writing user comments for TV- series, but I felt it was appropriate to make an exception for the greatest one ever made. <br/><br/>"Twin Peaks" is the brain child of master filmmaker David Lynch, and anyone even remotely familiar with his repertoire ("Eraserhead", "Blue Velvet", "Lost Highway") knows that his imagination is unlimited as well as unpredictable, and that his style is inimitable as well as astounding. Even though "Twin Peaks" is far more accessible than the vast majority of Lynch's movies, overall weirdness and unworldly atmosphere remain primary factors in the pilot feature film and all 30 episodes. "Twin Peaks" is at its most brilliant when it's surreal, but the series is equally brilliant when the events are more rational. The basic premise is the search for the murderer of the 17-year-old local beauty Laura Palmer. When her body is discovered, wrapped in plastic nearby a lakeside shore, the sleepy and seemingly idyllic little lumber town is turned upside down and the darkest secrets of several eminent and less eminent town inhabitants gradually come to the surface. The local Sheriff's department, led by Harry S. Truman (that choice of name alone is awesome), receives the help of the slightly eccentric but mainly amiable and coffee-worshiping FBI agent Dale Cooper. How can the solving of only one simple murder case keep you glued to the TV- screen for one and a half seasons, whereas other detective/thriller series solve similar crimes in less than one hour almost every week? The short and simple answer would be that "Twin Peaks" is unlike every other show and every episode brings forward new surprises, unexpected revelations, enigmatic sub plots and dark new edges of familiar characters. The murdered Laura Palmer is a perfect of this herself. When her body is found, we – as well as most of the townsfolk – assume that she was regular teenage girl with normal interests and worries, but a few episodes later it becomes painfully clear that Laura was everything but a prototype teenager. This goes for practically every character and event in "Twin Peaks"; - nothing or nobody is what they seem, making this the most unconventional soap opera ever made. Even when the murder of Laura Palmer is resolved (allegedly the main reason why the viewing rates dropped significantly and the show got canceled), and the story primarily revolves on the cat-and-mouse game between Dale Cooper and his old nemesis Windom Earle, "Twin Peaks" continues to spawn creative and compelling inside stories. <br/><br/>I could easily write a full-length review for each episode or an extended essay on every single supportive character of this show, but nobody like to read that much, right? I'll narrow it down to stating that every tiniest detail is worth discovering and every resident of Twin Peaks is worth getting acquainted with. There's a fantastic balance between nightmarish imagery and comical reliefs, there's the ideal mixture between surrealism and straightforward action/suspense and there's the underlying yet omnipresent ambiance of good versus evil. The episodes directed by David Lynch himself, six in total including the pilot film, are undoubtedly superior to the rest, but every director or cast member that worked on "Twin Peaks" truly surpassed him or herself. Same goes for the downright stellar ensemble cast. Most of these actors and actresses will be forever linked to their characters here, and they can be proud of it too! I'm in love with every woman that lives in Twin Peaks! Since age 11, I had a crush on Donna, Shelly, Audrey, Nora, Laura, Maddy, Josie, Annie, as well as a peculiar fondness for Nadine and the Log Lady. As for the men, well, I'd sure love to have a cup of coffee and a chat with the entire Sheriff's department, the Bookstore Boys, the Northern Hotel management and even the unreliable crooks. The show is more than 25 years old and still doesn't look the least bit dated. Can't wait to see the 2017 season! It was only a few weeks ago that I decided to invest myself in Twin Peaks, for the sole reason that it was created by David Lynch, one of my favorite directors. His films range from his surreal and horrific debut Eraserhead, to the famous Blue Velvet, to the recent masterpiece Mulholland Drive. Besides it being from Lynch, I had also heard unanimous praise. So I decided to give it a chance. Let's just say that it set the highest standards for television.<br/><br/>The Pilot itself is an amazing piece of work, some truly great writing and directing, along with some of the best music you are ever likely to hear. It was suspenseful and funny at the same time, with wonderful characters, but ultimately it was engaging. Throughout the first season it dwelves into even darker regions in Lynch's mind. It is supported by great performances from Kyle MacLachlan, Sherilyn Fenn, and Piper Laurie, who are among the finest. Saying that, the first season ended on a high note.<br/><br/>Coming up from the amazing first season, the start of the second season does not disappoint. The story lines become even darker, and the first 9 episodes are among the finest television you are ever likely to see. The problem lies in when it finally reveals the big murder mystery. Some might say it is too soon to resolve it, and in a way, it is (it was not Lynch's idea to resolve it, since he was forced by the network). The driving mystery of the show is gone, so in that respect it might drive many viewers away. However, don't go! It is true that for a little while, for around episodes 10-15 of the 2nd season the series sees a small drop in quality. However, it still needs to be said that the series picks up steam again in the last 6 or 7 episodes, so much that the series finale is possibly the best television episode of all time. It is a surreal, and truly frightening end to this amazing series. <br/><br/>A word to everyone who will want to watch the series. It is a murder mystery, but it also is a very surreal TV show, one that is sure to confuse and shock a lot of viewers. However, there is no doubt that television does not get much better than this. A word of advice as well- DO NOT watch the film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me before the television series, because it reveals huge spoilers. When you are done with this, go see the film, since it quite amazing as well. Twin Peaks is now my favourite show ever. And thats against some tough opposition. <br/><br/>Twin Peaks is offbeat, its funny, its has suspense, that ability to scare, great characters and far and above all - its entertaining. <br/><br/>The characters are all eccentric, unique and vital to the overall feel of the show, the use of detection skills are out there and there is a dark supernatural element to it. People who know my taste in movies and TV would tell you music is sooooo important. The music is never less than outstanding - there are moments of slapstick and some characters that are there for pure comedy value. <br/><br/>Trust me - if you 'get it' this is a wonderful world David Lynch and Mark Frost created. <br/><br/>The main story is that of the murder of Laura Palmer. A girl who was loved by everyone in the town, a girl that had a lot of secrets, who had a dark side that eventually led her to her death. Also a character we never meet (until the movie which I haven't seen yet.) By not meeting Laura, and being reminded of her in nearly every episode with photos and a video, her presence is always apparent. It is truly something that despite the fact you never see her - you really feel like you get to know her and sense her loss to the town. <br/><br/>Kyle Maclachlan is Agent Cooper - from the first scene a distinct and lovable character that really kicks the show off to a fine start. The rest of the cast are old school Hollywood stars such as Piper Laurie and Russ Tamblyn - supported by up and coming youngsters like Lara Flynn Boyle and Sherylin Fenn. Sadly I don't think any of the cast have ever been as good again. <br/><br/>So every character has something - a story. Its almost a soap opera with a dark twist. <br/><br/>However there is no getting around it - when the killer is revealed half way through the second season it does lose its way certainly. Some plot threads that arrise are better than others but the magic definitely goes. However for the first one and a half seasons there is not much better. <br/><br/>Sadly I also think Twin Peaks has been forgotten by most. People talk of Lost as groundbreaking for its complex plot and twists and codes. Twin Peaks did it first. I've asked several people since i finished watching it if they had seen it. Not one person, but they all said the same thing - 'oh no thats the weird show isn't it that didn't make sense?'oh dear. Stick to x factor then. <br/><br/>I am trying to spread the word. It took me too long to find it - don't make the same mistake! Twin Peaks is the greatest piece of television or film of all time, in my opinion. Never has anything grabbed my attention so intensely and affected my emotions the way Twin Peaks did.<br/><br/>The mystery of who killed Laura Palmer is the greatest mystery ever, and the conclusion to it will floor you.<br/><br/>However, there are tons of things to love about Twin Peaks other than the central mystery. The large amount of extremely bizarre characters will keep you constantly entertained and even wish you could visit the town of Twin Peaks to meet them all in person.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is very well done, very funny, very frightening, and very interesting. The story is extremely complex and fascinating, and you will kept swept up quickly in this exciting world. I'm jealous of anyone who's never watched the series because they get the opportunity to experience it all for the first time. Although it really is just as good on subsequent viewings.<br/><br/>10/10! Most of the intrigue and pleasure of watching this series of great television has already been explained in great detail in other comments on this page . My two cents is this.... Pay close attention to the episodes directed by David Lynch himself. In my opinion minus the Lynch direction the series very well may have been written off as another garbage filled melodramatic T.V. program with the redeeming qualities lying in the acting (but not by all of the cast!) and basic plot of the series. . the episodes he (Lynch) actually directs give the whole series a twist beyond the paranormal or dark spirituality of the shows plot. Although mark frost directs very well and captures suspense in the way only a true professional can (but in a much more conventional sense) the Lynch episodes are the link between average programming and something original and actually creative. Take for instance the 5 or so Lynch directed episodes introducing the little guy in the black lodge (who is actually the physical representation of mike's missing arm?!?), the giant from the white lodge, the old lady who's grandson is practicing magic and even the first of coopers dreams that apparently are hinting him closer to what is really going on. Just the ideas and story-line twists presented are the reason for this series being exceptional. Let me not forget my favorite scene in either season the opener to season two when cooper is shot on the floor and the ancient bellhop apparently suffering from Alzheimer's can't offer anything but a glass of warm milk and multiple thumbs up for him but most importantly not forgetting to make sure the almost dead man signs the bill. (" The milk will get cool on you pretty soon.") Those episodes (witch are far from the bulk of the series) have intensely strange comic moments and incredible visualization of what on paper would seam like b movie horror stuff ! therefor the Lynch directed episodes including the pilot were and are the reason why anybody kept watching, discussing or caring about this show! David Lynch, who is in my opinion the most underrated film director of all time, had his most mainstream success with the phenomenon known as Twin Peaks in the spring of 1990.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks, as many people already know, concerns the murder investigation in the town of Twin Peaks, Washington with the murder of a local teenager named Laura Palmer. The local authorities don't know how to handle the investigation, and an FBI agent from Philadelphia, named Dale Cooper is assigned to the case, along with local sheriff Harry Truman.<br/><br/>Each episode involves a day in the investigation from the local quirky town citizens, to the extremely strange events in the town itself including each of the families within the town, the Palmers, the Haywards, the Hornes, the Packards, the Briggs, the Hurleys, etc.<br/><br/>This was groundbreaking television at it's finest, leading to similar shows like The X-Files, Picket Fences, and Northern Exposure. this series is a must see! david lynch is a genius! to this day, my two favorite charachters are "the log lady" and dennis/denise. david duchovny really is so funny in the few episodes he appeared in. kyle machlachlan was perfect in the role of Cooper, he was just bizarre enough to fit right into that weird little community! the movie was not as good as the show, but still excellent! incidentally,if you are an x-files fan there is a certain episode in which Agent Scully stands up and behind her on the bullieten board you can see a picture that looks suspiciously like Laura Palmer. This was the pilot movie for the TV series, which had a short-but-famous run. Man, I would have given this movie extremely good marks if it hadn't fallen apart at the end. From what I read, the ending for this pilot was tagged on at the last minute when they found this was going to be a series for TV. <br/><br/>So, instead of a great ending for a regular movie, you got this extremely unfair ending involving a key character who was never introduced in the movie until the end! How are you supposed to guess the killer (s) in a "whodunit" when the killer is someone you never saw or who was never mentioned?<br/><br/>Are you kidding me? This was preposterous! What an insult to the viewer. It was a shame, because it was really interesting up that finale. Kyle MacLachlan was a hoot as th low-key lead character and Lara Flynn Boyleand Sherilyn Fenn were two beautiful women I always enjoyed watching. I never the saw the TV series but I hope to see it on DVD, forgetting this horrible"start" to it. It is difficult to rate the entire series fairly because, well, it's almost like Season 1 and Season 2 (and 3) were made by completely different people.<br/><br/>When I was eight years old (this was 1994), our TV programme aired Twin Peaks reruns. I can't really remember the first season much (it was the only one aired), but I remember having liked it and finding it interesting, in a way that a child can see the value in something without completely understanding it. I remember my mother saying to me how the first season of the show was amazing, but I shouldn't be bothered with the rest.<br/><br/>Fast forward some two decades (about 8-10 years ago from now), I remember the show and decide to finally watch it as an adult, being a big film and TV buff. Season 1 and 2, respectively. My conclusion:<br/><br/>Season 1 is awesome. It's funny, charming, mad and mysterious at the same time. It has a real story, a real murder in a real town populated by real people who were just oh so slightly insane and over the top. The town itself is a living thing, a character of its own. The season is grounded in reality, but sparkled with a touch of crazy, and full of fun and innocence. 99% of what people remember fondly and lovingly about Twin Peaks today, comes from this season. Because it really is that good.<br/><br/>Season 2 is bad. Immediately (and I do mean in the first five minutes) you realize the tone of the show is changed. There is no quirkiness anymore, there is no emotion. The characters don't live their own lives anymore, instead they have become caricatures of themselves, living only to be quirky because the writers demand it so. Everything is more serious and dark and broody. There is no actual mystery anymore, just plot devices. Innocence lost, and nowhere to be seen again. Yes, this season revealed Laura's murderer, but that felt forced - season 1 used Laura Palmer only as a focus, a catalyst; it never needed to actually reveal the killer. And when this one did... meh.<br/><br/>Season 3 is... well, see for your self. I gave up three episodes in.<br/><br/>In short, please watch at least the first season. It really is wonderful So I finished this series last night for the first time, having grown up during the hype of "who killed Laura Palmer?" and the cult hit it became years later.<br/><br/>If you have watched a David Lynch film well then you know what you are getting into. I think it is amazing that David Lynch was broadcast in the square bear years of 1990 on network Television. It's actually a bizarre miracle, so for this reason I give this series higher marks.<br/><br/>Season one is amazing and worth a watch. It will leave you guessing for what is to come in season two. Except studio executives had dollar signs in their eyes on a jackpot murder mystery that had the world captivated, yes the world. It is reported that at one time Mikal Gorbachev asked George H W Bush on the phone "who killed Laura Palmer?" and demanded an answer.<br/><br/>It's subtle but constant satire of daytime soap operas make this series a consumable show at the same time saying something important about society.<br/><br/>I would bare through or just skip entirely episodes 10-17 of season two and pick it up there, or as I said just deal with the decrease in quality because studio executives couldn't leave well enough alone.<br/><br/>The last episode of Season two is considered David Lynch's best and I consider a classic. I was really curious to watch this because I am a huge fan of Noah Hawley, the creator behind Fargo, who said that he is inspired by David Lynch's works. I was immediately entranced by the show. The music is dreamy and feels almost as if you are watching or are part of a dream. The setting is also so remote and peaceful that it helps this image of a dream. Kyle MacLachlan plays a very quirky FBI agent named Dale Cooper who is very delightful. He comments on the Douglas Firs as he is entering the town and loves everything about the town. Everyone in Twin Peaks is lovely and each have their own quirks. I will let people who have not seen the show be surprised when they see certain characters for the first time.<br/><br/>While some characters are great, some are absolutely vile and evil. There are many characters that are played brilliantly and you could not find better actors to play them. Lynch was inspired when he saw makeup artist Frank Silva's face in a reflection and said he would be the show's main villain BOB. Lynch made an amazing choice, because while Silva did not have any acting experience, he terrified me and he gave me nightmares. BOB is truly terrifying and Silva's performance is incredible. <br/><br/>I have read that people did not like the second season, but I really liked it. I thought the writing was still great and there is still a creepy element to the show. The show also has a soap opera element, but it is not over the top. The show is truly unique in its tone and message that I think there will never be another show like it.<br/><br/>However, I hated the revival. I was not a fan at all. The original show has a light tone, but the revival is dark and I could not handle what happened to some of the characters. Lynch messed with a lot of things that ruined the magic of what Twin Peaks originally was. He ruined it so much for me that I cannot watch another season if another is even made. <br/><br/>i recommend the show, but I do not recommend the revival. Twin Peaks was a transformative viewing experience to watch, but the show does end on a cliffhanger that does force you to watch the revival. Just a fair warning going in, but the original show is absolutely amazing. Maybe that in the nineties this was one of the favorites series for a lot of people but compared to what they make now for top series I think Twin Peaks is much to much overrated. I remember David Lynch's creation had a lot of people talking every day after an episode but I never watched it then when it came out. So now I thought I give it a try and I have to say that I am more then disappointed about it. The first season was not bad at all, with enough intriguing twists to keep you interested. The actors are all fine as well and the filming is more then okay. But what to say from the ending? That is really a bad ending, he must have been out of inspiration. If it was not for the ending I might have score it a bit more but with this ending it does not deserve more then 5 stars. Glad I watched it so now I can talk about it when somebody brings it up but I will for sure never watch it a second time. This groundbreaking pilot took America but surprise. First airing in 1990 the pilot changed television forever. In fact it made Television Cool. <br/><br/>The pilot starts off with a man discovering a body "Wrapped in plastic". When the Sheriff arrives we discover the victim is Laura Palmer. She is the high school Homecoming Queen who had secrets that ultimately may have caused her to be killed. The question is "Who Killed Laura Palmer"?<br/><br/>Now David Lynch said later that "Her Death Was Never To Be Solved". However after the ratings freefall ABC made the show solve the mystery. <br/><br/>Now the creators of the show saw how this show was marketed. After 14 episodes spanning 2 Television seasons the mystery was solved but the show then went into a tailspin. Regardless of what fans tell you the shows 2nd season was not as good as the first season. Even before the mystery was solved "The Show was at a standstill". <br/><br/>However this review is about the pilot and it's a great one. Robbed of Emmy Awards the pilot today has not been matched by any other show that has been made since! <br/><br/>This is well worth watching. Even the 2nd season is upto they mystery is solved. <br/><br/>IS THIS IS A MUST SEE "YES" Nearly every episode of "Twin Peaks" has good, or even great, moments in it. Also nearly every episode of "Twin Peaks" has about 30 to 35 minutes of filler: inconsequential scenes that do not advance the plot. If you do not adjust to this type of storytelling, you will not finish the series. So let me tell you right now: if you want the best it has to offer, you must watch the pilot, and episodes 1.3, 2.7 and 2.9; these will give you closure to the Laura Palmer murder. After episode 2.10, the series seems to lose its bearings: the main "replacement" storyline, Windom Earle as Dale Cooper's nemesis, is not nearly as interesting; comic relief, plot digressions and "guest" characters overtake the proceedings. Many of the principal characters have little to do, or are even written out. And then we have the final episode, in which David Lynch probably tries to recreate the experience of drug tripping, but basically he cannibalizes himself and gives you a bad trip. But do not despair! As I said, there are things to appreciate in every episode. The performances are amazing, especially by Kyle MacLachlan (whose Agent Dale Cooper is a unique creation in the history of TV) and Laura's killer, all the women are extremely beautiful (44-year-old Peggy Lipton may just outshine them all!), and Angelo Badalamenti's score (in all its orchestrations) is haunting and magical. *** out of 4 for the series as a whole. I remember when Twin Peaks first aired in Belgium, I was 12 years old and couldn't watch it yet because it was on too late, but I was always listening to the music while I was in my bed and my dad was watching it in the living room. (sometimes insomnia does pay off!) It enchanted me already back then and when I finally got to watch it 3 years later, I enjoyed it as much as I'd expected.<br/><br/>I love Lynch a lot, especially because everything he makes puts you in a different state of mind. His teamwork with Mark Frost and Angelo Badalamenti, who did the wonderful music, was fantastic, perfect for the time as there was nothing else on TV that was interesting. <br/><br/>This series takes you away: every time I watch it (and that's at least once a year) I feel like I'm there. The atmosphere in this little town surrounded by woods is something that is quite rare in TV and even cinema. <br/><br/>The characters have many dimensions, their good and bad sides are being shown. This is more common for series and movies nowadays, it wasn't back then. Still there is something about Twin Peaks that made it stand the test of time... 25 years old and as good as ever, probably because this show is a flawless mix of different styles: horror, parody, nostalgia, mystery, humour and more, which makes it completely original.<br/><br/>Of course, the storyline isn't perfect and maybe some of the character plots are a bit redundant, especially in the second season, but who cares? The quality of most of the story is excellent enough to transcend that! Not to mention the perfect casting, acting, directing, editing, costume design and so on.<br/><br/>And yes, it is really worth it to watch the second season. The final episode is the best and scariest episode of any series I've ever seen! The first thing you need to know is the series ending sucks the big one. It is like a slap in the face and a kick in the groin to the viewer. After such a long series, the only way they could surprise was to do something everyone would hate. It would need another season to resolve it. Perhaps that is the problem, they were expecting another season.<br/><br/>The series is very addictive. There are scores of characters and sub plots. You really have to stay on your toes to keep track. There are more good-looking young people than you can shake a stick at.<br/><br/>Actors spend a rather disproportionate time kissing and kissing and kissing. It gets a bit like soft porn at times. Everyone has an official partner and at least one other on the side.<br/><br/>What I really liked was how the characters all were distinct and in their own unique way, crazy. I cared about them all.<br/><br/>Ben Horne was tedious, but that was just because he was on screen too much.<br/><br/>For some reason the cinematographer had a fetish for coffee, donuts and cherry pie. It comes off like food porn sometimes. It is filled with little quirks like that.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks probably should be classed as a comedy. It is like a soap opera. It does not pretend to be realistic. There is a lot of silly, boring, supernatural woo, especially at the very end. It not like your usual murder mystery. There are loose threads dangling all over the place that are never resolved. David Lynch took a murder mystery, mixed it with parts soap opera and his own twisted vision and produced one of the most memorable television series in recent TV history. Lynch's unconventional ways of telling a story are modified just enough to allow the series to reach a broad audience, but he still infuses the work with enough perverse touches to keep the fans happy. The crystalline cinematography give the series a dreamy creepiness and haunting, ethereal quality. He examines the dark underbelly lurking just under the surface of a seemingly normal American town. Twin Peaks features some of the most striking images and enigmatic dialogue TV show of the nineties. Into this fray comes Kyle MacLachlan in his career-making role of Special Agent Dale Cooper, who attempts to find the identity of Laura's killer. Largely eschewing traditional crime detection techniques, Cooper employs startling new approaches such as analysing his own dreams and throwing rocks at glass bottles while thinking of a suspect's name, and strongly suspects that the murder may have something to do with the famous dancing dwarf. Kyle MacLachlan is the linchpin of the cast, providing an oasis of normalcy in the vast ocean of freakishness around him. The show featured an amazing cast that includes Sheryl Lee in the double role of the murdered Laura Palmer and her "twin" cousin Maddy, plus Lara Flynn Boyle, Madchen Amick, Peggy Lipton, Piper Laurie and Joan Chen. "Who Killed Laura Palmer?" was the question to ask the Monday after the pilot was aired. Twin Peaks was a precursor to some of the more cult-ish series which would appear in the 1990s, including the X-Files. Too bad it lasted only 29 episodes.... Well what can I say?<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is simply one of the greatest and most interesting TV shows ever created. However, it was also with its weird and supernatural themes ahead of it's time, and this was sadly was one of the reasons why it never did as good as it deserved. <br/><br/>The story begins as a simple murder case in the relatively small town of Twin Peaks. A popular young girl named Laura Palmer is found dead. Soon, another girl is reported missing, but she has however managed to escape the grim fate that Laura suffered, and barely alive she is spotted wandering along a railroad track. Because the young girl crossed a state border, the FBI is called in, and soon a agent named Dale Cooper arrives. Together, he and the local sheriff Harry Truman, and his men Hawk and Andy, starts to investigate the murder of Laura. It doesn't take long before they realize that something more sinister has taken place, and that Laura was not the perfect and innocent girl she appeared to be. In the background, 2 of Laura's closest friends, Donna and James also tries to learn more about the fate of their friend. As the story unfolds, many other citizens, each with their own goals and problems, all gets involved in the dramas and mysteries of Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks has it all. Drama, mystery, horror and romance. I guess you can compare it to a soap opera, mainly because of the many subplots and interactions between almost all of the regular characters in the series. Especially the characters are wonderful. I cannot think of another individual that is as likeable as Agent Cooper. And I cannot think of a better actor to play him than Kyle MacLachlan; he is simply awesome. Basically, all the actors fit their roles perfectly, and they all manage to add depth to their characters; as well as make them interesting. David Lynch and Mark Frost made Twin Peaks in a way, so that every character has an importance and place in the puzzle, but also in a way so that you never know where in the puzzle the character fits. The Twin Peaks mood is simply indescribable, it's so unique! The jazzy and ambient music of Angelo Badalamenti certainly helps create this mood. And of course the weird Lynch elements, that you either love or hate. <br/><br/>Twin Peaks was strongest in its first season, no doubt about that. In the second season, the general audience was "scared" away with the increasing use of weird elements, and alot of the time the questions only lead to more questions, and never answers. Basically, when the audience had gotten the answer to "Who killed Laura Palmer?", the question that had kept them interested, they no longer felt a reason to watch it. Another slightly annoying aspect of the second season, was that the subplots strayed too far away from the mainplot, something which was very frustrating, especially when everyone would rather like the story to go on. Nonetheless, it's still Twin Peaks and it's still great. However, something which I really disappointed me was the way the series ended. The final episode (which was extended) was a masterpiece, and the final scene left me both stunned and horrified (I advise you NOT to read any spoilers concerning this scene, just watch it). However, I feel like the final episode fails to answer alot the questions, especially concerning the subplots, and once again...it just gives out even more questions! Like, what happened to Audrey, Andrew and Pete? And what about Dr. Hayward and Ben Horne (and his connection with Donna)? It's a real shame that Twin Peaks didn't get the time to end properly. On a final note, I recommend that you watch "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me", only after watching the series. Although it's alot more brutal and cynic than the series, it still manages to fill in some of the gaps that the series left. Twin Peaks is nothing short of a masterpiece. It throws crime drama, comedy, dark fantasy, teen angst and surrealism in a blender, and hits the "mix" button. The result is astounding.<br/><br/>There are some truly great performances here. Kyle Maclachlan is at his best as the quirky yet gifted Special Agent Dale Cooper, and Ray Wise is marvelous as Laura's demented father. All the actors involved give life to their roles, although several characters, such as Mike Nelson and Nadine, are throwaways.<br/><br/>The excellent writing and dialogue are also worthy of a mention. Each episode is tightly paced and filled with great lines like "Mmm...this must be where pies go when they die.", "I'm a whole d*mn town!", "The Owls are not what they seem." and, of course, "Fire walk with me!". Unfortunetly, it's difficult to watch any episode on a stand-alone basis, since it's one continuous, soap-opera like story. Each episode is a different fleck of paint, that when put together makes a beautiful, if disturbing, picture. What's the movie, Fire Walk With Me, then? Why, the frame, of course. It kicks ass! I watched Twin Peaks on TV when I was just a child. It had a big impact on me. Now, I´m a 17 years old Twin Peaks fanatic. It´s the best TV serial ever produced. David Lynch is a genius. I was too young to watch this when it came out in 1990. Many people have recommended this to me. Finally, I watch the first six episodes of the first season. I think the show had interesting and possibly very fresh concept when it was created. To me, it resembles the Desperate House Wives. There is an intrigue, mystery, murder and amateur detective work beneath seemingly picturesque and perfect little town. Everyone has a secret and is having an affair! What really put off is the truly terrible acting. Everyone on the show doesn't seem to know how to act. The acting style is worse than that of daytime soap operas. Twin Peaks is a show about a small town in Washington - and in the woods lurks the strange and terrifying doorway that leads to two separate yet connected dreamlike limbo realms - known as The White Lodge and The Black Lodge. In these lodges - there is a schism going on between the spirits. Some of the spirits are good - but others are evil. <br/><br/>The mystery begins with the death of a young high school prom queen named Laura Palmer. Her death is investigated by the local sheriff's office as well as a brilliant FBI agent named Dale Cooper. Dale is so brilliant - he happens to be slightly in touch with dreams and spirits.<br/><br/>As Dale investigates her death - both the good and the evil spirits of the lodges begin to communicate with him. Some seek to help him solve the crime - others seek to thwart him. <br/><br/>There is simply no other work of art that has so poetically and creatively portrayed the beauty of love and the horror of death quite like Twin Peaks. The character's are so full of hope and optimism - yet so flawed and tragically blind to the obvious - that they often sow the seeds of their own destruction and marvel at what could have been. <br/><br/>In its time on TV - Twin Peaks would go from the top of the charts to near the very bottom and would eventually be canceled. The creators made up a lot of the story as they went along - and audiences simply were not ready for a show that had such tremendous deep rich themes cloaked by dreamlike nightmares that evoked our unconscious mind. Twin Peaks was a show about brilliant people who were haunted - and it was indeed haunted by its own brilliance. <br/><br/>To this day - it still is. Having recently completely a 10 day binge watch of all 22 episodes of Twin Peaks I can positively say that this is by far the best piece of television I have watched-and was very close to being perfect in my mind.<br/><br/>The story of the murder of Laura Palmer is gripping but the element that makes Twin Peaks the stand-alone show it is, is due to the fabulous quirkiness of the show. Every resident of the sleepy town of Twin Peaks is completely original and unusual- least of which is Special Agent Dale Cooper (MacLachen). With bags of charisma, charm, quirks and full of gusto Cooper is the perfect hero of the story and perhaps the most likable of TV characters ever.<br/><br/>For the first season and the first third of the second season Twin Peaks is damn near perfect as it manages to balance a dark plot with humour such as the fishy coffee and with its many, more light-hearted subplots. However,after the murder mystery concludes in the most thrilling way possible the show takes a definite turn for the worse as the balance is lost and the plot becomes mainly driven by sub-plots which are frankly irrelevant and, at times, tedious. Plots like James' sticky situation out of town and little Nicky add nothing to the show and, while the plot begins to pick back up in the last few episodes of the season, it would have been much more effective if these subplots were left out, and the tying of loose ends (such as Jean Renault's revenge) were hurried along.<br/><br/>Finally, one more aspect of the show which made it much less enjoyable was the tragic decision to end Audrey and Cooper's 'relationship'. While nothing physically happened between the two the chemistry was fantastic and deciding not only to end this, which I could have lived with, but to end all scenes with them together even as friends, and bring in a new love interest for them both and see Audrey become a weakened character ruined much of the show's flair as I felt the two of them carried the story forward.<br/><br/>Despite these downfalls I am not going to let these get in the way of rating the show a 10 as when it was on top form, it was unbelievable due to the perfect mixture of tension, comedy, wit and originality. I could easily watch this show over and over again (probably just the murder mystery) and I cannot wait for the new season in May. In true Lynchian style-I have no idea what to expect TV show about a small fictional town Twin Peaks with residents living tranquil lives until a girl's body wrapped in plastic is found by the shores of local lake. From then on the development of the story is untangling the true horrors of human evil that we might be able to identify in each of us. Creators of the show are Mark Frost and David Lynch and throughout the show we could listen to genius composer Angelo Badalamenti. He usually scores films for David Lynch. The Twin Peaks show is certainly not for everyone. Either you you love it or hate it. There is nothing in between. You need to set your spirit for this show and forget all those main stream shows. Twin Peaks covers it all. There is interesting, engaging plot, great cast, acting, cinematography, score. What amazes me the most, is the acting. You can clearly see the cast was enjoying to be a part of this opera, to work with Lynch. They give out the whole selves for the story. I re-watch the whole show in order to be prepared for this year sequel. Can't wait for the story to be continued and trying to cast out the Bob. I loved Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>David Lynch has a real eye for talent and location. His vision for the series was brilliant. Really worth a watch<br/><br/>My mind was hard at work trying to figure out what was going on, yet it felt like I wasn't lost either.<br/><br/>Each character is unique and has a great story to tell that unfolds through-out.<br/><br/>and may I add, That's damn good coffee.<br/><br/>The lead. Agent Cooper, by far, shines! His character is brilliant. His quest to finish his case ends like no other. Twin Peaks is truly one of the best shows I've seen, every part of the show, the score, the cinematography, the cast, the clothes, just everything about it is amazing. When I watch it, it gives the air a feeling of magic, a feeling that is specific to anything directed by David Lynch. The plot is extremely engrossing and very original, and the show is often called 'a soap opera for weird people', a description I find very fitting. Even though the main plot line is supernatural, the normal supporting plot lines are interesting and relate able, and it's easy to really fall in love with the characters, and the very active cult following this show has gained just goes to show how great it really is. My all time favorite TV show is, without a doubt, Rod Serling's Twilight Zone. However, Twin Peaks is a very close second and I think it deserved to be on everyone's top ten. It is hilarious, creepy and terrifying all at the same time. It definitely is no t a conventional television show so it's fairly evident why it was pulled after only two season, but those two seasons are some of the greatest television of all time.<br/><br/>All of the characters are so diverse and brilliantly thought out and the actors bring so much depth to every single one of them. The stories, and there are a lot of different stories interwoven into this show, are all great. The writing is so good! Everything else in this show is perfect and I wish it had been continued so we could see more from the genius's Mark Frost, and David Lynch. It truly is a shame that it was canceled.<br/><br/>Everyone should see this show and it should be noted that you really need to pay attention. This isn't a show you can put on in the background and expect to know what's going on. It's that well crafted! Created by David Lynch("Eraserhead" and "The Elephant Man") and Mark Frost, "Twin peaks" became from a conventional drama into a combination of genres, moving to comedy to supernatural horror. The main plot follows the attempt of the agent Dale Cooper( Kyle MacLachlan, in one of his best roles) to solve the mysterious murder of a popular and respected girl, Laura Palmer, who is seemed as a role-model by almost everyone in a little town . However, while the story advances, some secrets about her past are revealed, and many strange events surround her death.<br/><br/>One of the best things about this show, is how it manages very well to combine comedy(Twin Peaks could be seen as a spoof of a typical soap opera), romance and horror, creating a mysterious and bizarre atmosphere, not to mention the outstanding music of Angelo Badalamenti, that helps to recreate the motions of every single scene of "Twin Peaks" If you like mystery, horror and romance, "Twin Peaks" it is your show. Otherwhise, I still recommend it, because the story is fascinating enough to catch the viewer form the first episode. David Lynch is a badass. He gets to go around Hollywood being treated like an elite while making insane films that don't make much sense. He freely admitted during a recent lecture I attended that he came up with the plot for "Mulholland Drive" in under an hour. He does exactly what he wants, when he wants, how he wants. And that is to be admired.<br/><br/>But there is a certain self destructiveness to it all. Case and point, season 2 of Twin Peaks. After the phenomenal success of the first season's 8 episode run, Lynch's murder mystery in a small town opus was re-upped for 22 more episodes. Everyone was happy with the critically lauded show that pulled in massive ratings. But when Lynch was given more free reign, things only got weirder.<br/><br/>We found out who killed Laura Palmer and why. The solution was vastly more fulfilling than I'm sure Lost will ever be, but all the same, without Laura's ghost haunting the town, things took a turn for the weird. Many people didn't like it. The midget whose dialogue was recorded in reverse became more prominent and the character quirks that once made the show pop seemed to overtake the characters. The show had always been satirical, but any naturalism faded away and everything went absolutely crazy.<br/><br/>Needless to say, ratings dropped off and the show was canceled. Adding insult to injury, the last few episodes were thrown together on one night to burn them off more quickly. (Ala, the late, great, Arrested Development.) But those who stopped watching after the big reveal missed the point of the show completely. Every scene was a mystery that built to a conclusion that led to greater mysteries that didn't have to be solved because the point was that things don't always make sense. In one early episode, we are confronted with the bizarre image of a close up of a man's hands drenched in oil slowly opening a door. The image is odd, compelling, humorous and possibly a bit dangerous since we cannot immediately identify the liquid. We pull back, and back until we finally see the hands belong to the town's sheriff, Harry S. Truman. We still don't know where he is until he trips over 2 long poles and his wife screams at him for breaking her "invention." (She was trying to make silent curtain openers, which she does with the help of a few drops of oil).* This scene is a mystery all unto itself as are most scenes in the series. From the moose head that keeps appearing on tables, to the evil scheming of the high school kids who aren't as clean cut as they appear, the whole builds and builds until your brain begins to make connections on things that might otherwise not seem logical.<br/><br/>Lynch works in the ephemeral, the either. Those blurry spots in your peripheral vision as you fall asleep. And Twin Peaks taken as a whole expounds on this better than most anything he has ever done.<br/><br/>For more reviews please visit www.collider.com This show was/is incredibly addictive for me. I recently went officially on record stating that "Absolutely Fabulous" was the best show of all time, but now I am thinking that show may actually be the second best show ever, replaced by "Twin Peaks" at number one. I am annoyingly obsessed with many David Lynch projects. Nothing is better than "Inland Empire" but "Twin Peaks" is so incredible in its own way. Sheryl Lee shares the same birthday with me so I feel some sort of affinity with her, but then again Hitler has my birthday too and I share no affinity with him. As a side note, John Waters has my birthday too. Anyways, Sheryl Lee is such a great actress, as is Madchen Amick. My favorite character is probably Laura although you don't really get a chance to see her really until "Fire Walk with Me." Anyways, totally awesome, incredible, inspiring, addictive show. Twin Peaks - I adored it. The pilot was filmed from early 1989 and was completed mid-way through the year.And it all clicked instantly. The town's characters, Demon Bob (a supernatural force or merely the evil that men do?) and everything else were excellent. Such visuals. Such music (recorded in 1989, and once again a feature right from the pilot onwards. Everything was "in place" from the word go!).<br/><br/>Going to series in early 1990 was great, but series two lost its way a little when David Lynch left for awhile. It seemed that things were becoming a little too factual as the Black Lodge was revealed as an old Native American legend in the show and its location (or at least an entrance to it) was discovered via a map.<br/><br/>David Lynch returned for the final episode and turned it all wonderfully surreal and nonsensical again! <br/><br/>Totally inspired. When this show started out it was intensely hyped in TV Guide and other media before it aired, and I was unsure how it would play out. I was, however, hooked from the initial scenes involving the discovery of Laura's body. <br/><br/>Kyle McLachlan is brilliantly cast as the stoic Agent Dale Cooper, and the other actors are also well-nigh perfect for their roles. In particular I was thrilled to see Piper Laurie, a fantasy icon from my youth, as the very, very sexy Catherine Packard Martell. and Peggy Lipton as diner owner, Norma Jennings. Lynch was also astute in casting basically unknown actresses as the teen-aged girls. <br/><br/>The Badalamenti music is haunting and dreamy, and deftly underscores the surreal quality of the script. Although Twin Peaks is not Sci-Fi strictly speaking, it does project a convincing sense of alternate reality, and sooner or later you begin to believe that the "owls are not what they seem." <br/><br/>Despite the plot summaries at the start of each episode, this is a serial, not a season of stand-alone vignettes, and I think the show was hurt because a person who didn't watch the first 5 or 6 episodes would have been lost if they tuned in without some substantial background on the narrative thread. <br/><br/>In my opinion this is as good as television gets, entertaining and thought provoking. <br/><br/>Years ago Bravo showed all the episodes back-to-back-to back, and I think I stayed up 48 hours consecutively to tape it all. Now I wish someone had the good sense to put the whole thing on DVD. I understand that video discs which are copied from VHS tapes are available on EBay, but I'm not sure if the quality would be any better than what I have.<br/><br/>My only complaint is with the network (and I think David Lynch did this intentionally, also) , which killed the series right after the bomb explosion in the bank vault. Were Audrey, Pete and Andrew Packard really killed off all at once, or was there some sort of escape clause? .A Masterpiece<br/><br/>Story: Twin Peaks tells the story of FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper and his investigation into the murder of a popular young local girl Laura Palmer. The programme portrays small-town America via an imaginary tight-knit community of unsophisticates.<br/><br/>The gradual unraveling of the tale necessarily exposes each Twin Peaks inhabitant to unwelcome scrutiny from Agent Cooper and men from the Sheriff's Department. As with much of Lynch's other work (such as Blue Velvet), Twin Peaks explores the relationship between the veneer of respectability and the seedier layer of life beneath it. Like all Lynch's previous and subsequent work, there exists a strong moral seriousness that informs the totality of the production.<br/><br/>The series was set in 1989, with each episode--barring occasional exceptions--representing a single day in the chronology.<br/><br/>My opinion about TP:<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is my favorite TV show of all time (considdering Band of brothers as a mini series). Twin peaks has got amazing Characters, dialogues, Storyline, and Soundtrack. <br/><br/>Twin Peaks is particularly memorable for Kyle MacLachlan's performance as Special Agent Dale Cooper, who uttered one of the more popular lines in the series which became a catch phrase: "Damn fine cup of coffee." His performance is one of the best in the series but also of all TV shows. He is so convincing as one of the kindest, honest en Best human beings on this planet that every man has got to admit he wanna be like him (I now do drink Black coffee to start with :-).<br/><br/>Like i said The soundtrack is amazing... especially "Falling" (opening theme)<br/><br/>I have to say that after finding Laura palmers killer (in episode 9 from season 2) the series, Transforms from being amazingly good to just good. after ep9 the story continues with cooper staying in Twinpeaks and the question who is BOB and where is he coming from ?<br/><br/>all and all: Twin peaks is the greatest television show ever created and beats: 24, X-files, Lost, Miami Vice, CSI and all other good TV shows.<br/><br/>Twinpeaks .... 9.6/10 I loved Twin Peaks. There has never been a show like it since or before. It's just so unique and bizarre. I loved all the characters even the minor ones. Twin Peaks is for the paranormal audience who can appreciate its dynamic creation. I long for Twin Peaks again. I would love to move somewhere like Twin Peaks, Washington. Screw the rain and the lousy weather. I would move there tomorrow if I could. Enjoy Twin Peaks the series, it was a legend of the time. Nothing beats it now. After the first season and the solving of Laura Palmer's murder, the series went in a crazy direction for it's cast. Of course, there were problems because everybody was a suspect in Laura's murder but when it was solved. It was like the end of a great mystery and you didn't want to know the truth. When the case got solved, McLachlan's character stayed around and I don't know why the FBI ever got involved in the first place. Twin Peaks is the kind of town that I would not mind moving too. It's mysterious and filled with colorful characters like the log lady, the Sheriff, and so many other great and unique characters. It was a visual experience on television that you would only get to see on film. This is the weirdest show I've ever seen. This is the first show that I outloud said "wait, what???" almost after every episode. The acting is over the top that it just makes you laugh instead of feel sorrow. The supernatural part of the show was distracting from the detective work- which was interesting. The show does make you think because it doesn't set up a lot of the story like they do nowadays. This show is up for interpretation. Season one is truly legendary. An engaging mix of mystery, unique characters & odd situations. Badalamenti's music is amazing. Serial television at it's finest. Season two starts off reasonably well, buts slumps into nonsense & lame melodrama after six or seven episodes. Season three is straight up awful. Totally different feel to the previous seasons. So much pointless filler. Torturously slow. The appearance of many original characters is more of a weak novelty than a clever integration. Just stick to season one & the first third of season two. Everything else sucks. There is a brief scene in series one showing Special Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) entering a motel reception where we also see a guest, at the reception desk, with a fully gown pet llama; and while Agent Cooper is talking with sheriff Truman (Michael Ontkean), the guest with the llama walks between Cooper and the sheriff and then exits. Cooper hardly blinks an eye; and the character with the llama never reappears. Nobody comments about the llama. It's as though the animal never existed.<br/><br/>Only David Lynch could get away with doing that in a serious, dramatic show for prime time TV; only David Lynch has that sort of moxie. And only he and Mark Frost - co-creator of the story - could fill a tediously dense and dull satire with similar outrageous scenes and characters and still get paid by ABC, the TV company which desperately needed to get better ratings at that time. <br/><br/>The complex, convoluted plot has already been examined to death by other reviewers; no need for me to go into that detail, except to say viewers do get to know who the murderer is. I doubt even Fiona Banner, for example, would attempt to describe TP in text art; it's actually beyond sensible description, I think. What's more important, instead, is to comment upon the setting - the mise en scène - and the main characters who are all involved, directly or indirectly, with solving the mystery of the death of local beauty queen, Laura Palmer.<br/><br/>The setting is well-known small-town America - somewhat reminiscent of, say, Picnic (1955), Written on the Wind (1956), Peyton Place (1957) and a few others; Twin Peaks, though, is 1980ish, but with a patina of the 1950s. Everything shown - houses, autos, trees, buildings, the sky and landscape and the lustrous colors - is just beautiful, magnificent, alluring, appealing, brilliant and definitely good-looking. It's the characters who are ... well, let me just say....<br/><br/>Considered objectively, Dale Cooper is arguably a caricature of an FBI agent, almost goofy in his manner of speaking, and his bizarre use of investigatory props e.g. a map of Tibet for one, and throwing stones at a glass bottle for another, both to help determine Laura's killer; the receptionist at the police station is the proverbial dumb, dumber blonde; we meet the inevitable fumbling, bumbling cop who can't do anything right, the wholesome, down-to-earth town sheriff and the gruff but fair local doctor; the whole town seems caught in a 1960s time warp of multiple sexual affairs; with some exceptions, characters are beautiful, clean people - and every bit Bold and Beautiful clones. I'm sure the scenes of couples having extra long kisses in medium to extreme close-up exceed the number of scenes about the actual murder investigation (at least in series one); and, for the cherry on top, all the TVs in Twin Peaks (series one again) show the same daily TV soap opera - and sly parody of the Twin Peaks narrative, I think. <br/><br/>And there are sight gags galore if you look closely at props and people used. For example, Sheriff Harry Truman has a framed photo of President Harry Truman on his office wall; and the popular coffee shop in Twin Peaks has an enormous, exterior sign which has just one word: Café. With the final frame of series two, Lynch ensures a captured audience with an exquisite cliff-hanger to keep tongues wagging for years, and years, and....<br/><br/>The quality of both series is topnotch; the color photography is brilliantly over-saturated; direction is typical Lynch, as is the deep-bass, twangy, background music supplied by Angelo Badalamenti; the acting by all is generally good, sometimes excellent; the script, however, often borders on the banal or absurd - although it sharpens up in series two. <br/><br/>Don't get me wrong: TP is a magnificent achievement by Lynch and Frost because it finally brought their names to mainstream American - and eventually global - TV audiences. Prior to that, Lynch was better known by those who had seen Eraserhead (1977), Dune (1984), Blue Velvet (1986) and Wild at Heart (1990) - basically films for Lynch fans only (and Dune was box-office poison). TP is also magnificent because Lynch was given the opportunity to do whatever he wanted (legally, of course) in the story. If you have seen Lynch movies then you know he subverts viewers' expectations in every one of them. Twin Peaks is no different.<br/><br/>On the other hand, and bearing mind that Lynch has been quoted as saying it's the visual experience that matters - the story is secondary - consider this: why would a writer/director develop and produce a prime time TV drama series stuffed with clichéd scenes and stereotypical characters we've all seen in other TV shows, and then throw in bizarre events, actions, dialog etc at random times and for no discernible reason? And in the process, confound critics and viewers alike.... <br/><br/>See the series and decide for your self. <br/><br/>Just remember Lynch is a unique movie maker, his intelligence beyond question, his movie and music art now world famous. And Twin Peaks is the quintessential, prime-time, dramatic TV show - especially for mainstream America. <br/><br/>Give this series eight out of ten for sure. Recommended for all except kiddies. And, hey now, I'm looking forward to series three in 2016 ... perhaps? Hope so.<br/><br/>November 4th, 2014 I thought that Albert Rosenfield looked suspiciously like Jose Ferrer. Turns out it's his son Miguel. Well, I'll be.<br/><br/>Lots of people can do horror, even TV horror, better than David Lynch (a guy who looks like Rick Wakeman after a night on the town leering out of a mirror is as scary as this series gets). Lots of people, and some nematodes, can produce more convincing plot lines and story gimmicks than David Lynch (every cheap 'n' cheerful deus ex machina is on show here, from fortuitous blows on the head to Bo-peep dresses conveniently brought along by transvestite DEA agents, from double-entry diary-keeping to "dangerous" killers considerately spelling out their name and leaving the letters tucked under fingernails, from cave drawing maps and cheesy Arthurian location names to "electric shock collars" that apparently don't need a power source beyond a couple of Mignon batteries, or perhaps they run on broadcast microwave or "pure evil", who knows). Back in the day, not a lot of people could do Just Plain Weird like David Lynch, but that was way back in the 20th century. For my money, though, Lynch is still the King of Playful. Which means there's still plenty of entertainment to be had here, as long as you remember to skip those three episodes in Series 2 where apparently the script's overseers were on vacation, and the thing morphs into a sort of Doctor Who meets the Golden Girls on the set of High School Musical.<br/><br/>By playful I mean the easy, relaxed, brainstormed, almost Pythonesque feel of the whole thing. As someone else here pointed out, this series looks as if every passing idea or chance inspiration, no matter how inchoate or silly or trite or illogical ("he only condescends to logic", Lynch observes about himself at one point) is thrown in just for the heck of it: "hell, it's only a TV series". This contrasts oddly with the fastidious attention paid to set design, mood music, camera-work and atmospheric lighting - as if the writers and the production crew were working on separate Pacific islands, mostly at cross purposes. Some of the humour is rather observant college humour, some of it is pure slapstick (and all points in between). Some of the acting is inspired (Piper Laurie steals every scene she's in), some of it leaden. This series takes risks, experiments and staggers drunkenly from genre to genre in a way no one would be allowed to get away with these days. Mostly, Lynch tries to be ironic and knowing about his source material, cheerfully quoting from the Wizard of Oz or The Fugitive, but his style of deadpan is too easy-going and affectionate to be genuinely satirical.<br/><br/>Take it in the spirit in which it's meant, and you're in for an enjoyable and even mildly haunting experience. Don't expect anything to be explained, though. As I said, Lynch doesn't do logical. Wiki tells us that there is "earnest moral enquiry" here. Seriously? Well, perhaps, if your idea of "evil" is somewhat along the lines of interrupting a beauty pageant with a display of strobe lightning. But I wouldn't have put it that way myself. If I want evil, I'll settle for the front page of the Daily Mail or the Guardian. The day TV drama catches on to the real evil happening in the world, it may actually become interesting again. (I'm not holding my breath.) Haunting? The little guy in the suit dancing in the Red Room did it for me. And the talking backwards. Those scenes have a place in any anthology of TV's greatest moments, rightfully earned. Don't ask me what they mean though. Should I sit through the movie to find out? This is a unique show with unique people.It all starts with the murder of a high school girl called Laura Palmer.Kyle MacLachlan plays an FBI special agent called Dale Cooper who comes to this little town called Twin Peaks to investigate the murder. All kind of weird stuff happens to Dale in Twin Peaks.David Lynch created this excellent TV series and it ran in the years 1990-91.I myself saw this show first time in 1991 when I wasn't even ten years old yet.I'm pretty sure I couldn't follow everything that was happening in the show back then.Second time I saw this in 1995 and the third time in 2000 and yesterday I saw the last episode of it.I guess it takes a few times to watch this show to understand it completely.There were many memorable characters in the show.Michael Ontkean played Sheriff Harry S.Truman, Dana Ashbrook was Bobby Briggs, Mädchen Amick was Shelly Johnson, Benjamin Horne was played by Richard Beymer, Sherilyn Fenn his daughter Audrey, Lara Flynn Boyle was Donna Marie Hayward, Harry Goaz was not so bright Deputy Andy Brennan and his sweetheart Lucy Moran was played by Kimmy Robertson, Sheryl Lee played Laura Palmer and her cousin Maddy, Ray Wise was Laura's father Leland and Frank Silva was the scary Bob.Who could forget the log lady and many other special characters.The show kept you interested from episode one to the final episode.This was very surreal and weird show and that's why people liked it so much.Now it's known as a classic television series. The dialogue was the best.Everything just worked perfectly.If you haven't seen this masterpiece yet now it's time to take a look.Once you go to the world of Twin Peaks there's no turning back.And remember;the owls are not what they seem... Twin Peaks is a quirky, offbeat and somewhat dark exploration into the seamier side of rural America. You are left with the feeling that everyone around you has a secret that could be exposed by any twist of fate, as could yours. Viewing Twin Peaks is a rare pleasure, and I highly suggest several repeat viewings if possible. If you allow yourself to become involved enough, and open to the many different aspects of storytelling presented, I think that you'll see not only the legendary David Lynch bizarreness, but also a tapestry of movement and exchange between characters as never presented before. However, also try to allow yourself the leisure of viewing this series as a simple, mast Until the very last episode I was raving about what was one of the greatest works in the history of TV. I compulsively watched episodes back to back on Netflix. I'm glad I never made the purchase because the last episode was.... I feel as though I followed the whole thing to a dead end. There are no real answers and room for more. I understand it got canceled but I quite honestly have never been more absorbed in TV. I felt like I was a part of a living breathing thing as crazy as it sounds.. a show with real heart. But what could have been a great finale was 15 minutes of what the heck??? And then Cooper emerges.. only it isn't Cooper and credits. No happy ending, crazy weird ambiguous and 'nothing'. I feel vacant inside. Perhaps I should watch the film.. it might clear some things up. Darn it. I wonder every now and then about the person possessed with BOB with Cooper's body who left the Black Lodge at the end of the 29th series and what would happen to him in our world: will he behave like possessed Leland Palmer, will he start murders, etc. Any ideas what the sequel might be like? Moreover, I wonder how can it be that this person who left the lodge is physical and who's left in the Lodge - only a spiritual form of Cooper, what will happen to Cooper during his 25-year imprisonment in the Lodge. Any ideas I would greatly appreciate. By the way, it's very interesting to imagine what happened next where Mr. Lynch left the last scene: my opinion is that after the scene with the broken mirror in the bathroom 'Cooper' starts behaving in rather odd and peculiar way: he dances and sings the way Leland Palmer danced at the beginning, after complete physical and moral (I doubt) recovery of Annie he gets married to her and starts living in Twin Peaks and ... any ideas what can happen next? I remember "Twin Peaks" from my days in college. I was in the Film Department and I remember how flustered I got while taking lecture/studio classes at night. The main reason, of course, is that I would miss a "Twin Peaks" episode and from that there might be no return.<br/><br/>It is no doubt that "Twin Peaks" laid the base for which shows like "The X-Files" would be built on and flourish. However, it was that soap opera style that might have been the dagger through the shows heart. It was true that if you missed an episode you would be out of the loop and might not ever get back in. However, there was more to the story: ABC's constant time slot changes, poor ratings, and a number of other factors killed this trail blazing show.<br/><br/>This show was ahead of its time, no doubt. David Lynch has always been on the cutting edge of eclectic storytelling, as evidenced by "Blue Velvet," "Eraserhead," and other films with the Lynch signature on it.<br/><br/>This was and still is one of the best, if you find it on video somewhere, take a look and I know you'll agree.<br/><br/>P.S.-A little bit of what was to come with the "X-Files" appeared in "Twin Peaks" avec La Cage Au David Duchovney! Wow, just browsing through the site and looking up Twin Peaks, I was heartily surprised at the high ratings the users gave this one. Perhaps only the fans have voted, or perhaps the people who didn't like it didn't bother to look it up.... Anyway, on to my mini review then: This series is by no means awful, but groundbreaking, it is not. What the show does real well is create a surreal, yet entirely mysterious, creepy atmosphere. This is a strong point, and possibly the only point - the characters were relatively interesting and unique, the setting and the music were absolutely fitting and brilliant.<br/><br/>However, after watching this again last month, it seems as though the writers wrote the script down at the last minute. The script wasn't really well thought out, and throughout the whole TV series, resolutions seemed really rushed without any sense of development. I enjoyed the pilot and the first few episodes (although they weren't groundbreaking or anything) which did a great job at the introduction of this very strange town, but what this WHOLE series needed was time to think things through, it didn't.<br/><br/>I think this show was a good change of pace from what the average viewer watched on television during the 90's, but upon scrutinisation, the flaws are just too apparent with the most important things: the writing and development. When the first episode aired, I was entranced - right from the haunting music and images in the opening scene and credits. The quirky humor and offbeat characters just added to the fun. I thought we had a complex and gripping mystery on our hands. Unfortunately, as the first season progressed, Lynch kept throwing in more complexity in the form of red herrings and incomprehensible events. By the time the second season began, I felt that Lynch was just jerking the audience around for his own amusement. I gave up after two or three episodes in season 2.<br/><br/>Perhaps some people enjoy being made fun of; that's what it felt like to me, and I didn't like it. It's too bad that the promise of the first season, especially the first couple of episodes, wasn't fulfilled (IMHO). There is pre and post twin peaks.<br/><br/>But nothing else like it.<br/><br/>Nuff said. Pete Martell finds popular homecoming queen Laura Palmer dead, naked, and wrapped in plastic on the shores of a lake near Twin Peaks, Washington. Later, Ronette Pulaski is found dazed walking along the railroad tracks. FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper arrives to help Sheriff Harry S. Truman investigate. The local lumber mill is closing down. Along with strange discoveries and various odd local characters, Laura Palmer is discovered to be leading a shocking double life.<br/><br/>This David Lynch series sells itself as a murder mystery but it's much more than that. It hooks you in with the mystery and then he brings a cavalcade of quirky characters and crazy concepts. There is the unforgettable music, no matter how hard one tries to forget it. It is expansive in its story telling. It is one of the first TV shows to be cinematic in nature. It is unabashedly crazy. It was really water-cooler worthy during the pre-internet era. Like most viewers, Lynch's craziness got the better of me by the second season. Nevertheless, I stuck with it all the way to the end. There is no doubt that this was an important development in TV production and there are many limited series today that owe their cinematic style to this show. Although, I don't think any TV show has ever fully reached this level of Lynchian outlandishness. Due to my age, I remember the time when Twin Peaks appeared and the wow! feelings how it was received... But due to hectic times I had plus limited watching opportunities, I can't remember I watched any episode (moreover, back then, I definitely preferred movies to series). So I decided to find time for it now and watch all episodes in sequence - as it is wise with all series with flashbacks and hints to the past.<br/><br/>I liked the beginning and the main characters and performances, particularly FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper by Kyle MacLachlan (although I had difficulties to individuate young females at first due to their similar looks), some mysticism and Lynch's features (not too much, as I am not particularly keen on supernatural solving human issues), but then some scenes and events became protracted, and I decided I would confine myself to the Season 1... But as the its last episodes ended as it did, I had to go on, and, in general, I liked Season 2 more, in spite of more episodes - many solutions were bolder, suspension was not focused in a single line/link, and several events that seemed odd and unnecessary in Season 1 started to make sense. Thus, the 22 episodes passed rather smoothly, and I realized that Twin Peaks has "worn well" (that is why I am perplexed why a remake is planned). The quality is good, outfit does not distract, and surrealistic features had enough technology to be highlighted. <br/><br/>I am not sure how I would have rated the work in question in the 1990ies, when there was no Breaking Bad, Wayward Pines, Broadchurch, etc., were idiosyncratic persons and places have a big importance and tensions remain up high as well, but my current rating is 8/10, mainly due to the Season 1 middle and Season 2 ending. 'Twin Peaks' is an iconic TV-series, I can't deny that. At the time, I don't think I've seen much of it. Much later, a few years ago in fact, I saw the movie 'Twin Peaks: fire walk with me', and it was thoroughly creepy and good. Now, I've watched the whole series in a couple of weeks, and even if it's quite an experience, I had expected more somehow.<br/><br/>The series often walks a thin line between gut-wrenching drama, comedy, soap, horror and sci-fi elements, and not rarely wanders off in one of those directions. This causes for great conflicts in atmosphere, which to me felt way too much off at times. Also, some story lines dragged on and on, while others could have used a lot more attention.<br/><br/>But still, I'll be lenient. 'Twin Peaks' brings a lot to the screen (consider the time and place as well - early '90s America), and pretty much all the characters are intriguing, if not iconic. David Lynch made something that will stay in my mind for a long, long time, even if it is not perfect. And I'm already looking forward to the new 'Twin Peaks' seasons.<br/><br/>A big 7 out of 10 for now. Now, anyone for some Ben & Jerry's ice cream? After a young girl Laura Palmer is found dead on the beach in a small town of Twin Peaks, a FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper is called to investigate her murder. Her investigation goes deeper after some mysterious events occur Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>Without a doubt, Twin Peaks is one of the greatest TV Shows ever. It is very complex story with a great directing work. David Lynch as director gave us some of the most mind-blowing scene in the show. Cinematography is outstanding with usual red colors that Lynch uses most of the times. In first season I really enjoyed the love that show gave me for 90's, it made me feel sorry for my self that I spent my teenage in 00's. Second season was way more complex. I don't want to make any spoiler so I'm just gonna say, it's creepy, horrifying scenes, mystery and weirdness.<br/><br/>Also it's maybe the only TV Show that I liked every single character. Acting is great especially Kyle MacLachlan, Sherilyn Fenn and Ray Wise. I'm gonna miss this TV Show and I'm gonna miss all characters. Thank god new season is coming and I can't wait for it. "Twin Peaks" probably, in his time, marked a before and after in the way who makes television in America. Was a solid TV series, with excellent writing, great cast, big twists in the plots, and, obviously, the amazing creativity of David Lynch, Mark Frost; super recommended for the fans of the mystery, horror, comedy, and, of course,(again) David Lynch. I recommend particularly see Season 1. Season 2 was a bit erratic because Frost and Lynch neglected the a bit the show; they were on other projects, but returned at the end of it and made one of the best end of TV series that I've seen. To the people who will buy the show on amazon: The pack Blu-Ray is more complete than the DVD, has more extra content, interviews and the movie "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me" This is without a doubt, the best thing that I have ever seen. This show and then the rest of David Lynch's work is what made me want to go into film school. People say that this show was ahead of its time, and it was, but it still is. There's still nothing that compares to the beauty and mystery of this show. There are plenty of new crime shows that have twisted killers and brutal murders shown on TV. That was only part of the reason why Twin Peaks was and is so groundbreaking. The show was canceled after the second season because so many people stopped watching when Laura Palmer's killer was revealed because they thought that that was all there was to the show, but that barely scratches the surface. After Laura Palmer's killer is revealed, David Lynch gets into the part of the show that so many people don't understand. The supernatural element, The Red room,BOB, the owls, and the giant. Personally, I put most of it together and was mostly resolved to that being the ending, but I'm still very happy that it's coming back in 2017. I don't think that it was done, I just hope that they keep the quirky, dark atmosphere of the show. "Diane, I'm holding in my hand a small box of chocolate bunnies." The Story is following: The FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper has been sent to the small town of Twin Peaks, where a girl named Laura Palmer has been murdered. In cooperation with the local police Cooper tries to find out, who the murderer is, but then some unusual events occur...<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is absolutely fantastic in every sense of the word. If you are a fan of Lynchs other movies, you will love it,because everything that makes him a great director comes together here. Even if you don't like Lynchs previous movies, watch at least the Pilot, if you are appealed to what you see there, keep watching, because it only gets better.<br/><br/>The cast of the Series was mainly unknown to me, with the exception of Kyle McLachlan, but the acting is on point all the time, and I couldn't think of anyone else playing any character. The characters themselves were brilliant. Even if there are some very few stereotypes, everyone else is just unique and interesting, and have always some kind of backstory. There is only one log lady and one cheesepie and coffee loving FBI Agent, who has weird dreams. The dialogue is probably the most entertaining, that I have heard in a long time, sometimes thrilling, sometimes extremely funny or weird, but never boring. The production value is really good for a TV Series from 1990, even if there are some really few shots that are used repeatedly, I never really was dragged out of the experience. The Story is really exciting and has some nice twists and turns, there are some a bit disappointing episodes storywise, but I can overlook that.<br/><br/>All in all, this is a masterpiece, and in my opinion some of the best of David Lynch. If you like weird stuff, watch it. If you like cheesepie and black coffee, watch it. If you like murder mysteries, WATCH IT!<br/><br/>10/10 Well, for 20 years, Twin peaks was finished : no third season, no new movie, no bonus. But, lately, « it's happening again ». First, we got this release of all the famous material that was cut for the movie and next year we will have new episodes !<br/><br/>About this deleted / extended scenes, my first reaction is to wonder why IMDb doesn't treat it like a true and real movie. It had a theatrical projection, it has credits and its duration (91 min) worths it ! Such opportunity is really exceptional and totally never seen before: it's like we have a new movie by itself. Sure, there's no plot in the traditional sense because it's above all cut branches of a tree but it worths watching and it's better to have that than nothing ! At first, i thought it would be a mess but Lynch has made the effort to put the scenes in order so it's really easy to follow what happens. Do the pieces reveal mystery ? Not really in the way that you can discover them literally by reading the FWWM script ! If a lot of them don't forward the story, at least, they bring the mood, the feeling of that particular little town. I really don't know other TV shows in which we follow so closely what happened in those family houses (except maybe some King's novels adaptations). <br/><br/>Finally, i'm very blessed because i'm among the few who discovers Twin Peaks with FWWM. It's because it spoke to me, it punched me that I watched the show after and it was indeed a unique experience. To retrace own steps with such a release now is definitely a new experiment as well and i really wonder what will be the new show about as its main villain (bob) has already left our world while he was the big winner of the last moments of this show !!!! The major complain I hear from people who didn't like TP is that the acting is "weird". So, let me get this out of the way: YES!, it's awfully weird and to some people it may look kind of funny or even ridiculous. <br/><br/>NEVERTHELESS. The worst thing you can do is stop watching it. PLEASE I urge you to see at least 3-4 more episodes. I promise everything will fit perfectly; the dark ambiance, the quirky characters, the stupid jokes, the weird general "town behaviour".<br/><br/>Everything is perfectly made, and helps setting the tone for one of the most funny, mysterious, intriguing and original series you'll ever see.<br/><br/>I can assure you that after you finish watching the whole series, you'll die for another chance to see it "for the first time". So enjoy every episode. And then, give the movie "Fire Walk With Me" a chance. Easily my favorite TV show of all time, I'm not really sure how to critique Twin Peaks. I began watching this show after many years of having lost faith in the value of TV. My friends encouraged me to watch all the episodes together so I gave in and was amazed.<br/><br/>The cinematography and feel of the show was unbelievable. It's really the kind of show you could snuggle up to with a warm cup of coffee or tea. And yet, it pleasantly keeps you at the edge of your seat and amused by the quirks and twists throughout.<br/><br/>The only downside is the number of character and oddities David Lynch threw at it, as if it became something of a testing ground for random ideas. Nonetheless, no show is perfect. I truly appreciate that he was given so much creative liberty... it became what it is, rather than some PC dry and overly-polished prime time drama. <br/><br/>All in all, the characters stay with me. I really enjoyed it and could not recommend it enough -- watch with friends! To be honest, I wasn't too impressed with this show when it debuted in 1990. My lack of enthusiasm had nothing to do with the story, or characters, or dialog, or the soundtrack, or the creepy ambiance. No, these elements were satisfyingly bizarre. What disappointed me was its appearance. It just didn't look all that distinctive or unusual to me, especially compared to the amazing worlds Lynch had created previously - Elephant Man, Dune, Blue Velvet and of course, his early masterpiece, Eraserhead. This show, at first, just looked too much like regular TV. The scenes in the police station, the hospital, the school, Laura Palmer's house, and so on could all just as well have appeared in any other drama series of the day. Specifically, I found that the lighting and camera framing were rather conventional, not especially original. However, in due time we were treated to the sublime spectacle of the Black Lodge, where the oddly familiar and the absurdly alien unite into an hypnotically macabre tableaux of fantastic weirdness. It's possible that David intentionally downplayed the visual weirdness of the "everyday" scenes so as to heighten the effect of the "dream" scenes. And by keeping much of the look of the show relatively mainstream he was in effect commenting on the absurdly superficial quality of most TV, or so I assume.<br/><br/>Once I got over this initial grumble - which lasted maybe two or three episodes - I was a hooked. You see, I had left art school the year before, so my head was already brimming with equally sinister, primal fantasies. In fact, I had gone to the same art academy in Philadelphia that David Lynch had attended at the end of the sixties. We were blood brothers. Well, more like he was my freakish uncle.<br/><br/>I had much of that same Philly inspired oddness coursing through my veins, as did my house mates. As art students, we were members of a fairly extreme, very peculiar sect of society. Modern artists had always prided themselves on flaunting the peculiarities of their personalities, and this condition only became even more pronounced and emphatic throughout the increasingly ironic 1980s. Mark, who owned the house we lived in, was a transplanted Kentucky Blue Blood Queen with a dramatic flair for unleashing his own brand of Raging Diva-dom at the most ridiculous moments. He lived to spring his Grand Queerness on unsuspecting "breeders". Also in that house was a "sweet" little girl, probably at least 38 years old, from upscale Connecticut, who spoke with the thickest, most syrupy, back woods Georgia drawl at random moments. "Ah sayed Ah would pruhfuh you-awwwl would nawt eat Mah budduh." (Translation: Don't eat my butter!) And Jim was a scowling mute gargoyle of a figure, who spoke maybe 10 words a day, but was a gifted colorist and sharp eyed social critic. It was extreme, back in those strange Philly days, and "Twin Peaks" nestled right into my routine.<br/><br/>The paradox of the show's fate is that it could have been half as bizarre, half as cryptic, and still would have been the most compelling hour of TV fiction ever, and then probably would have stayed on the air for another 5 years. Its self involved, self conscious demeanor soon grated on the delicate sensibilities of the mighty masses. Some of the later episodes of the second season are somewhat uneven, seem to meander a bit, maybe not up to the creepy high standards of the first season's 7 episodes. But even these "lesser" installments never fail to surprise and amuse. Lucky for us, it was never "diluted" to satisfy the insipid tastes of the marching morons, and we have it in its uncut 100% purity to marvel at today. Occasionally, I still do that backward sounding, slowed down Black Lodge dream talk with other old "Peakers." Don't you? All good TV shows share this feeling. Twilight Zone, Star Trek, and Twin Peaks. An otherworldly sense of place. I've heard someone say about vacations before 'When you go on vacation you fill up jars that you can open later in your regular life when times get tough'.<br/><br/>I think this is a good description of Twin Peaks, the show and characters really stick with you. Despite some of the intense content in the show its a place that really sticks with you. When you stop and think about the show its something you feel connected to it almost like you were personally a part of it. <br/><br/>I give the show a 9 and not a 10 for a few reasons. First the revealing of the killer was way too soon. This was forced upon Lynch by the TV execs and you can feel it. The show is meandering along and bam suddenly everything is revealed. It felt out of sync and rushed. <br/><br/>That ties in with the other mistake. If Lynch had laid the groundwork of the town for an episode or so and developed some of the sidestories first and made the Laura Palmer murder a large part of it instead of the main focus. There wouldn't have been such a huge letdown when the killer was revealed. You can literally feel the breath go out of the show after the killer was revealed.<br/><br/>Which is a shame because at the time things are very interesting. The black lodge is waiting to be developed. There's all kinds of intrigue and side stories going on. However a large body of the audience had decided the show was only about the death of Laura Palmer and left the show after it was revealed.<br/><br/>So the show only lasted a while after the reveal.<br/><br/>The show is vintage Lynch, it mixes his hidden wisdom and explanations of the spiritual world with pure Americana. Some of it is very intense and shocking still. This fact makes many Twin Peak devotees turning on the feature film 'Fire Walk with Me' strange. It seems like many people watching Twin Peaks only did so for the sedate and kitschy scenes. With no interest in the deeper, darker, meanings and actions revolving around the main story. <br/><br/>Oh well cant please everyone all the time. A true American Classic. So excited to see that the DVD is finally available - I hope to see an HD version soon - Blue Ray or HDVD. A twisted ride into the great north. To see David Doucovney as a cross-dressing FBI agent and the piles of donuts and sweet rolls at each of the police house meetings. A masterpiece with great one-liners. A great show to watch on a cold foggy day.<br/><br/>As an avid fan of Twin Peaks and a resident of Twin Peaks, CA - I think David needs to consider buying the recently For Sale Antlers Inn and turn it into a restaurant tribute to the show - In Twin Peaks! how cool would that be - Great cherry pie and a good hot cup of coffee! Plus just a couple miles from Lake Arrowhead. Twin Peaks, where does one start? Perhaps, the most intriguing show ever. Sure it's not HBO, but then this was here long before that.<br/><br/>Furthermore this is absolutely mind-altering. Twin Peaks may look seclusive, and plain, yet underneath The story starts with a murderand builds upon this in ways that simply aren't easy to describe.<br/><br/>This has everything, from soap opera, comedy, tragedy, and horror. Each character has motives; counter motives, lies, and deception are everywhere. Yet there is beauty here, wonderful things, that can make you cry, laugh and wonder.<br/><br/>It only went for two seasons; personally I think it could have gone on for another two seasons. So many unanswered questions.<br/><br/>Even so this one wonderful series, the cast is perfect. If you haven't seen this, then go get it. You won't be disappointed. I never expected twin peaks to be so good and inspired as it turned out to be.I think that it's one of the best moments of David Lynch in cinema and a truly difficult achievement.There are many things that someone can mention.Very important for me were the dialogues which were full of eccentricity and all the kinds of meanings.My opinion is thought that maybe it would be better that twin peaks was over after the 7th episode of the second season because it seemed to me that there weren't enough ideas to keep the script and the show interesting as before.But this is a common event for TV shows and i'm glad it continued because the more episodes the better.Except from David Lynch we mustn't forget the actors that gave brilliant performances such as Kyle MacLachlan,Richard Beymerand Sherilyn Fenn.If you're reading my comment to decide whether or not you're gonna watch twin peaks my answer is definitely yes it's the best and more unique show i've ever seen Who said cult classics need only be movies? This is by far THE most interesting thing on TV EVER- only the master named David Lynch could have succeeded in creating such a compelling plot line and a host of griping albeit quirky characters- with a dash of surrealism. This is something of a 'Star Wars' as far as TV is concerned Now, I was born in 1984. So, I would have been 6 when the epic pilot episode was first aired. Obviously, I became a fan later. Actually, after I saw Lynch's Mullholland drive, Blue Velvet, Eraserhead etc. I came to know about this much touted series which was supposedly THE cult series of all time. Well, I got hooked, downloaded the pilot on shareware, bought the first season on DVD set and can now safely say, that they were right- this is as good as it gets. PS: The most popular serials of today- Lost,Desperate Housewives, Six feet Under all borrow either their element of surrealism or their small town settings from this very series- how's that for cultural significance! All fans of quirky humour, biting sarcasm, dark mystery, double entendres, etc. HAVE TO watch this at the earliest I'm sure there is nothing new that could be added that has not already, but I will say that the more time passes the better "Twin Peaks" gets. It seems to age like fine wine. There are so many facets to this series just as other Lynch films, so being able to watch "Twin Peaks" on DVD has been a real treat. I catch myself watching scenes over again and even hitting the pause button just to gaze at some of the imagery. I find myself laughing one moment and then recovering the next from some of the more disturbing situations.<br/><br/>The fact that a series like "Twin Peaks" existed for not one, but two seasons, should give us hope that there can actually be intelligent, artfully done television. Now, let's hope season two will be released sometime in the next century! All one has to do to measure the value of Twin Peaks is to consider what we'd be watching today without it. Sure, it lasted only two seasons, and had an admittedly weak period during the second season, but without the ominous investigation into the death of Laura Palmer and the ensuing mysteries that Lynch created over the better part of 29 episodes, Television today would be years behind the quirky and original programming that has been implemented with shows like Lost, the X-Files, or even The Sopranos. Before Twin Peaks, no network television show attempted to embrace the marriage between art and film that had become popular in the movie industry across the previous decade (largely indebted to Lynch films like Blue Velvet and The Elephant Man).<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is everything television should be -- artistic, haunting, beautiful, and wildly imaginative. Each episode collectively leaves more to the imagination and interpretation of the viewer than any other program to date. Twin Peaks is absolutely crucial in the progression of television programming, and remains as a rare highpoint in the relationship between pure entertainment, and intellectual stimulation. This tv show on my opinion is the best of all time, David Lynch's devotion and time sucks you into a thrill ride revolving around the question, who killed Laura Palmer The mystical forests, the quirky inhabitants, the wacky but brilliant wisdom of Dale Cooper, the evil, sadistic BOB, And even the incredible cherry pie and coffee! I could go on for hours about this masterpiece...<br/><br/>But I won't, and I'll try and pour my love of this show into a few paragraphs to save your sanity from melting away. Anyway, relax, sit back, and enjoy!<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is a show that came out in 1990 and has captured the hearts and minds of the millions who've watched it since the 8th of April that very year.<br/><br/>I discovered Twin Peaks a lot later on, seeing as I wasn't born for a number of years after the show began and sadly cancelled a year later (even though Fire Walk With Me came out in 1992, a must see for any avid Twin Peaks fans out there!) but when I did eventually see it all those years later, I was instantly fascinated by it and it's quirky charm, even though at first I was a bit confused as to what the hell was actually going on! But nevertheless, I decided to watch the Pilot again, and THAT was the time I was truly drawn into the town of terror and wonder that Twin Peaks is.<br/><br/>For most of the 29 episodes (not including the brilliant pilot) that the show ran for it was the best thing on TV at the time, it was compelling, intense, quirky, and unpredictable . What other secrets did Laura Palmer have?, who's this BOB bloke? Who the heck is this little guy who talks backwards and dances to jazzy music? These were the questions that filled our heads for the entirety of the First Season as we followed Cooper, Sheriff Truman and the rest of the gang as they tried to figure out who killed Laura Palmer, this wasn't it however, as we were treated to various crazy and sometimes ridiculous side stories going, such as Ben Horne and Catherine Martel's plan to blow up the sawmill. It worked superbly and seamlessly, but like all good things it came to an end, at least for a while.<br/><br/>Season 2 started out strongly, as the investigation on Laura's murder carried on from Season 1, but after the 16th episode of the series, we are treated to some painfully lame and boring episodes that are just there to fill the required amount of episodes that ABC wanted, this went on for a while as David Lynch, the co-founder of the show and general wacky genius, departed from the show and went on to work on other, more important projects.<br/><br/>But after all of the mundane rubbish we were forced to sit through we reached the final few episodes that save the second half of Season 2 from complete obliteration, Including my personal favourite episode in the entire series, Episode 29, the finale, where we are treated to an hour of some of the greatest TV of all time, all spearheaded by Mr David Lynch. Its such a shame that not even THAT could prevent the inevitable cancellation.<br/><br/>But nevertheless, the show was brought back 26 years later (pretty much what Laura predicted) which was received with mixed but mostly positive reviews. But for me, it still pales in comparison to the wonder that the original possessed. Season one is easily one of TV's greatest triumphs, and season two starts off promising but ultimately lands short, with an amazing ending to the season at least. Still a must see, I also highly recommend watching "the return" aka "season 3" of the show. I've recently started to watch Twin Peaks for the first time and I can say it already found its place among my favorite TV shows.<br/><br/>My highlights of the show:<br/><br/>The characters are so real. None of them really look like they are acting.<br/><br/>As if a mutual mystery and weirdness spell was cast on all the characters, as a result they all act in equally weird ways. I have never seen such a masterfully organized orchestration of acting in such a similar tone.<br/><br/>At times it makes you giggle non stop, at some scenes it makes you feel like you are being tortured, a torture that gives pain but you enjoy it at the same time and don't want it to end.<br/><br/>Every single character plays their role in their scenes as if they are the lead character, at least the scenes create such an impression on you.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks may not seem charming to some viewers, but if you like it, you will like it a lot. The first episode of "Twin Peaks" is a classic. It was one of the best films ever made in the 1990's regardless of the medium. It was something you could not take your eyes off of.<br/><br/>Much has been made about the fact David Lynch never wanted to solve the murder of Laura Palmer. When the mystery went on & on viewers got mad and then tuned out. I stuck with the show until the end. I must say as a viewer "The public was sold on a mystery of Laura Palmer" and it was the biggest mystery since "Who Shot J.r.". <br/><br/>As viewers We invested our time into the show. As season one winded down the mystery was not solved. 4 Months later with the season 2 premiere it still wasn't solved and that was the final straw for most people. (It also didn't help that ABC put the show on Saturdays). <br/><br/>By the time the show solved the mystery (ABC FORCED David LYNCH TO DO SO) the show had already run out of gas. In May of 1990 on Donahue Mark Frost promised viewers that "When the death is solved it may open up Pandora's Box of other strange things). Well that didn't happen. The show had no master plan. It became a weekly exercise of weirdness after the mystery was solved. <br/><br/>I still however enjoyed the show but I think after the murder was solved the show should of ended the season then. It would of gave them time to come up with another story-line. Instead the show kept going but had no focus until the last few episodes. <br/><br/>It is still a show worth watching. I can't wait for the new show. Have not seen Twin Peaks since the original airing so decided to binge watch it. It is definitely better the second time around! Police Squad on diazepam! The scene with the llama, Agent Cooper and Sheriff Truman is priceless! Amazing how 20 years will make something that was considered way out there look old school by today's standards. How many writers, producers, directors, etc... have taken something from David Lynch? Quite a few by my estimation. I had also forgotten how many visual and verbal references to Bend there were in this over-the-top, brilliant, short-lived soap opera. Wonder if they intend to continue this in the new series...maybe even do some filming here? An F.B.I Agent is tasked with solving a young girls murder that appears to be linked to his previous case.<br/><br/>There's not much to add. Over the last 25 years or more, Twin Peaks has shoehorned a place in cult TV history, there are countless reviews, blogs and websites out there that give in-depth analysis and no doubt with season 3 on the way it'll find more fans along the way. <br/><br/>Herk Harvey's Carnival of Souls, Alan Parker's Angel Heart, Ray Bradbury's anthology shows, The Fugitive, Outer Limits, The Twilight Light Zone, to name a few all touched on the themes contained in Mark Frost and David Lynch's Twin Peaks. In 1990 for TV it was ahead of its time, its atmosphere mixed with mystery and symbolism hadn't been merged in quite the same way. The horror and 'who is the killer?' plot was stretched over two seasons, even popping in an abundance of subplots including a who shot J.R-like story – it was also followed by Fire Walk with Me a prequel, part sequel film.<br/><br/>In retrospect it was ground breaking cult TV. It's unorthodox, somewhat non linear storytelling with a supernatural element is now mainstream, common place and has been tuned and honed since. That said, it's quirky, operatic, coffee, log and stool humour, maniacal creepy moments, red suited dwarf, a giant and retro 50s style has not been equaled since.<br/><br/>It's slow paced and off beat. Nevertheless, to its credit it's impact undoubtedly still resonates right through into the likes of Bates Motel and Hannibal. It's difficult to judge performances given its nature and script style, but it's a show that contained some of the prettiest and most wonderfully odd looking characters to grace the tubes of television. Coffee drinking FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper was Kyle MacLachlan's defining role, dual role Sheryl Lee played homecoming queen Laura Palmer and Madeleine Ferguson who featured briefly throughout. The excellent supporting casting included the likes of Ray Wise, Sherilyn Fenn, Lara Flynn Boyle and Mädchen Amick to name just a few.<br/><br/>Some critic's and fans have since grumbled it ended on an unforgiving cliffhanger. Personally I never thought that, and liked the bleak ending, you know who killed Laura Palmer and that Agent Cooper is trapped in the Red Room having been replaced by Bob. Yes it does leave loose ends, what happens to this character? What happened to that character? And so on, but none pressing to the main story thread. If you like, Fire Walk with Me gives Cooper's character hope of escape in the clues that lay in Laura's foresight laced diary. <br/><br/>Twin Peaks is not as polished as the likes of Mullholland Drive (what originally was intended as another spin off film) and neither should it be coming 11 years later. If there is a crime it's that it didn't conclude sooner, rather meandering through a drawn out second season which alienated new viewers and those who wanted focus on the killer plot, not the subplots of minor characters.<br/><br/>The thing is with Lynch's work, and Twin Peaks with its rural population is no exception - you either buy into it or you don't.<br/><br/>Recommended slice of TV history for its intended type of viewer only. Much of the nostalgia for Twin Peaks no doubt lies in its more memorable aspects: an eclectic array of characters, a spellbinding plot (at times), and a memorable score. Though I did not watch the show in its original airing, I can safely say that this oft-discussed series is and was clearly overrated. <br/><br/>As others have said, the first dozen or so episodes are the stuff of TV lore. Agent Cooper -- the unquestionable magnet character -- leads an excellent cast through an intriguing murder-mystery plot in a sleepy lumber town. I loved the surreal aspects of the show, the mix of deception and intuition, and the black humor that peppered the initial episodes.<br/><br/>In the early part of the second season, some of the jokes and quirks wear thin. Nonetheless, the underlying plot of finding Laura Palmer's murderer chugs along. Though more distractions arise, there are still plenty of elements to enjoy. <br/><br/>Then Laura Palmer's murderer is ultimately discovered...<br/><br/>Unfortunately, at that point, the series undergoes a serious shift from absurdly entertaining to simply absurd. The episodes feel piece-mealed and reflect an inconsistent direction by the writers and multiple directors and producers. The side stories become nonstories. James makes you want to puke, Ben Horne makes you want to scream, and everything that you loved about the show disappears.<br/><br/>We have some redemption in the final handful of episodes. And believe you me, there is a definite turning point at which you will breathe a sigh of relief as the show returns to form culminating in a thrilling and bizarre finale. In the end though, it's too little too late. And no effort by the writers or directors can make you forget the horrendous drivel that permeated the middle of the second season. <br/><br/>Am I glad I watched the series? Yes. Much of its praise is well earned. Do I regret the seven or eight hours of lost time accounted for by the middle of the second season? Yes, I do. <br/><br/>The series is rightfully praised overall. For those wondering what the fuss is about, I'd probably watch just the first dozen episodes and call it quits when Laura Palmer's murderer is revealed. It's mostly downhill from there. If you want the full Twin Peaks experience, you have to watch to the end. But be prepared for some pretty lame television in late season two. Is there anybody who know when season number 2 is out in Europe??? I know that there has been a lot of questioning about this season and who owns the rights and that it maybe wouldn't be released but now I have heard some roomers that say it's out on DVD in the US. Anybody who knows something about this?<br/><br/>It feels like i've been waiting for this for ages now and I cant understand why it have to take so long...<br/><br/>Is there anybody who can say what the problem about this season have been all about?<br/><br/>Hope to hear from someone as soon as possible! When Laura Palmer is murdered in the quiet town of Twin Peaks, the similarities to another murder brings the involvement of the FBI in the form of Agent Dale Cooper.  Cooper teams up with Sheriff Truman to help catch the killer.  However using Cooper's less than conventional methods they find a mysterious world of goings on in the small town leading as far as drugs, deceit and demons.<br/><br/>David Lynch's television series falls somewhere between the themes of his films without the 18-rated content and a bit of a failure.  Since Lynch's films don't get multiplex audiences it's perhaps surprising that this series was so successful (apart from being cancelled of course!).  Lynch's look at oddities etc in normal life and his themes of things being wrong just behind the picket fences (see also Blue Velvet) come through well, as does his eye for quirky characters.  Each episode had a cliff hanger of sorts although sometimes the plot spun wildly out of control.  The actually twists in the identity of the killer and certainly the overall ending was maybe too much for mainstream America to deal with in a TV show but most of this is pure Lynch.<br/><br/>The performances are all good and link with his quirky vision well.  Lynch favourite Kyle MacLachlan is good as Cooper while the rest of the cast are made up by TV actors on the whole who manage to hold a small town, TV drama feel to the whole thing that makes it feel that little bit more uncomfortable when the weirdness comes.  Small roles from the likes of Miguel Ferrer, Lynch etc add interest.<br/><br/>Overall this is a long Lynch movie.  Demons, drugs, weird characters all in a normal picket fence community.  Very enjoyable if a little to much to last several series.  Depending on how you feel about it the ending is either a superb place to leave it as it shows the power of evil, or a huge let down. I liked it myself. Twin Peaks was one of the best TV series to date.It was never boring and you always ended up wanting it to last longer than an hour.BOB is the scariest screen character to date due to the fact that he was not real and was just in everyones minds! "Twin Peaks" messes with your mind and that is why it was so good! I feel sorry for those people that missed it... I used to love Twin Peaks and have recently had the misfortune of seeing it again.  There is so much superfluous garbage littered throughout  - for instance Ben Horn's descent into the Civil War and James' film noir adventure with the blonde, Piper Laurie dressing up like an Asian man, Nadine losing her memory, Peggy Lipton's family problems - which overtakes the meat of the story (which is the only interesting part of the show) and sends the series swirling into stupidity - wasting some good performances and a few good ideas.  It seems to me it's coasted on reputation more than actual content.   If you want to see Twin Peaks done right, with some grace and mystery, and with some actual insight to real rural people, it might be worth checking out The Sweet Hereafter.  Granted, it hasn't got Hot Cigarette Smoking Babes In Saddle Shoes,  but it's got substance, so I suppose that's part of the give and take. VERY MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD "Twin Peaks" is a very, VERY strange show. Despite inspiring many popular series today, and setting the stage for new and experimental shows, and being one of the first to successfully use serialization, I'd say that there has never truly been anything like it since. And I don't just think it's strange because of the terrifying, surreal moments that David Lynch concocts in season one and much of the first 9 episodes of season 2, but it's also weird because of the many moments in between. Sometimes it was very cheesy and melodramatic, like a soap opera, sometimes it was quirky and sitcom-like, sometimes it was very dark and serious, depressing even, and sometimes it was unbelievably surreal and terrifying. You never really knew what to expect from the show, and the same was true with the town itself. What at first seemed so innocent, so innocent in fact, that a police officer cries every time he sees a dead body, turns out to be far more sinister than we could ever imagine. The same goes with the show itself. The cheesy soap opera and quirky sitcom moments held under them deep, seriously dark secrets. Hell, Bob himself is a personification of this idea. He hides in your next door neighbor, and what may seem like a friendly guy, could have so much evil and suffering beneath him, such as Laura herself. When you watch the news, the people talking about the murderer always say "he seemed like such a nice guy". Twin Peaks expands on that idea. <br/><br/>P.S. Okay, yes the show got really, REALLY bad for like 10 episodes after a certain mystery is solved, but the show's dark and surreal finale pretty much redeems all of that. Ah yes, the brilliance of Mark Frost and David Lynch. The idiosyncratic FBI detective in the even more idiosyncratic town. For me and many others, Twin Peaks is as nostalgic as nostalgic gets. From the first plucks of Angelo Badalmente's so familiar theme song to the amazing show finale, your attention does not skew (ok, maybe it does a little during the second season focus on Windham Earle and Annie), but overall Frost and Lynch masterfully give us a TV show that plays and "reads" like a film. The cast is made up of the usual Lynch-ites with memorable performances by Richard Beymer, Everett McGill, the late Jack Nance, Kimmy Robertson, Michael Horse, Piper Laurie, Harry Goaz, the late Don S. Davis and Ray Wise plus the many others I didn't mention. But almost all the like-ability of the show goes to Kyle MacLachlan for portraying one of the greatest TV characters of all-time.<br/><br/>There are laughs, tears, and many unanswered questions, but David Lynch makes it all successful with his eerie and intriguing direction style. Twin Peaks gives us that hint of dark-industrialism from "Eraserhead" and combines it with the charming suburban life of reality (also seen in "Blue Velvet"), but the evil we see is unlike other Lynchian nightmares. We see more spirits invade the psyche, and it is all so good. Twin Peaks gives us a wild fever dream of good vs evil where the secrets are picking apart the charming town and its people. The moments of surrealism are exceptional as we can only begin to understand the horrors of what have happened to Laura Palmer.<br/><br/>My favorite characters are The Log Lady and Major Garland Briggs. One of the best scene in the series is given to us by Briggs through his "vision of light" he shares with his son at the double R. Just a small taste of the genius behind it all.<br/><br/>I only have one main negative and it's the one most fans of the show have. And we all know what that it... involving a certain FBI agent and a certain smoke-show "high school" vixen. *cough cough*<br/><br/>And as another aside, I feel that Season Two really could have been split up into another Season. But that's not that big of a deal.<br/><br/>So sit back, relax, and have a DAMN FINE CUP O' JOE while you watch the wonders of one of David Lynch's greatest creations. On the surface, Twin Peaks seems to just be about a bunch of really strange people in a very strange town. Before I decided to get the DVDs and actually watch the show, the only thing I really knew about it was from a "Weird Al" song called "I Can't Watch This" in which he says he's wishes "they'd lynch those donut eatin' freaks." From there, years later I became a fan of The X-Files, and became involved with the IMDb message board for that show, and this guy kept starting threads trying to compare Fox Mulder to Dale Cooper. I honestly didn't really care about the topic as I had not seen the show, but as I read some of his comments about some of the similarities between the two shows, my interests was piqued and I finally decided to watch.<br/><br/>I have to admit that at first I was a little put off. First of all, the season 1 dvds start with episode 2. I had never seen the pilot and actually didn't get to see the pilot until after I had finished the series. So I was thrown into the middle of a story not knowing what was going on. But I decided to at least finish the season since I had already bought it. By the third episode I was hooked. The story had so many different levels on which to appreciate it. I could just watch and enjoy the surface soap opera like story of a murder mystery and the weird characters, or I could get into some of the subplots, or I could sit back and pay attention to some of the really random cinematography and just kind of chuckle to myself at the seemingly subtle jokes that David Lynch seemed to be telling to me. I first noticed this in the beginning of the third episode as Ben Horne and his family are sitting around the table eating dinner. Normal. But as I kept watching the scene dragged on with no dialog I kept noticing the little things about the scene. Like the kid wearing the Indian hat. WTF? And then a few episodes later, Agent Cooper goes to the vet to get the medical records on the parrot and there is a moment where he comes face to face with a llama. The little moments like that made the show that much more interesting to me.<br/><br/>Finally, the mixture of dark humor, weirdness, and the Pacific Northwest made this show a perfect equation for me. Truly an amazing show. I was never one for a television mini-series. I love my viewing pleasures in the one sitting. But when a piece of work has David Lynch's name on it, then I knew I had to at least view one episode. By the end of the entire series, I knew I just watched television history. When writing this, the IMDb average rating from 17,000 votes was 9.4 out of 10. This must be at the top of the list as the most popular television series of all time. Ever since then, I haven't been able to watch any other television series until recently when television writing is now far more superior and entertaining than the cinema, plus it's free if you're not watching it on cable. I think now is a good time for David Lynch to come back and create another series since the censorship board are allowing all sorts of naughty and heavy duty adult materials to grace our television sets. I got into Twin Peaks as a fan of David Lynch's film's. I was blown away after the first couple of episodes and couldn't get enough of it.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is about the investigation into the murder of Laura Palmer. Aside from the investigation, we also see the lives of the people living in the town in their various story lines.<br/><br/>The score from Angelo Badalamenti is absolutely fantastic. It truly adds to the atmosphere and is very emotional at times. The characters are also very interesting and very well acted.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks definitely sucks you in. Its well worth checking out. Best television series ever. 10/10. I bought twin peaks season 1 on Saturday, I've been sitting in front on the TV almost everyday picking up clues about who killed laura palmer, and all the other mysteries, but the one thing i wonder the most about, is: <br/><br/>Who shot Agent Cooper in the final scene?? i think it was a great ending but i could figure out who shot him.<br/><br/>Can anybody tell me? <br/><br/>I just have to say that Twin Peaks is the greatest TV series I've ever seen, the humor, mystery, action, film-noir everything just works in this show!!! Wow! I mean, words are not eloquent enough to describe the excellence of Lynch's Twin Peaks. I saw this show many years after it originally aired, when my girlfriend introduced me to it, and I am ever grateful to her for that. My eyes were opened, my mind was blown away, and the deepest parts of my consciousness learned of endless marvels and unbound fear. Twin Peaks opened the door for all the pale copies of "supernatural" TV shows that abound nowadays, especially The X-Files; none will ever be like it, as it remains the unattainable standard to which they all are measured. Track it down, watch it, feel it and enjoy it. Enjoy the following sleepless nights, the double-takes into the shadows, the skipping heartbeat when you hear an owl, the trickle of cold sweat when you hear the name BOB. Truly, when a work of art like this elicits reactions of this kind in a being, you know it is gone from the realm of human perception, tapping into the vast undercurrent that is the Collective Consciousness of humanity, where it lurks, waits and bids its time, awaiting its next victim. Welcome to Twin Peaks. This coming from a 16 year olds view.  I saw the movie "Fire Walk With Me" in the video store, so I picked it up. After watching it, I was really confused.  So, I wanted to see the series, luckily my video store had all six volumes.  I just have to say, that it's pure brilliance.  The first few episodes aren't that great, but as it goes on, it gets addictive.  There's no other way to put it, I think it's a must see for anyone who loves movies or wants a way to get lost.  You fall in love with the characters, and really care what happens to them.  I LOVE that midget *The Arm* LOL.  He's precious.  *WITH THIS RING, I THEE WED". hahaha. Yes, I know that was from FWWM.<br/><br/>If you are a true follower of the series all the way through, the end will dissapoint you though, it did me.<br/><br/>My fave characters-<br/><br/>*SPOILERS (sort of)*<br/><br/>Leland - I LOVE when he start the dancing and singing.. and then bursts into tears! haha<br/><br/>Leo - Esp. when he becomes *retarded*, I kepttt wishing that he'd come *alive* again! haha<br/><br/>Nadene - Now that's just funny as hell...<br/><br/>And of course Cooper, I wonder if he dies his hair? Oh well..<br/><br/>
******Just see the series, It's great!****** Twin Peaks is a great achievement in filmmaking.  From the beginning scenes of the log mill to the final mind-bending juxtaposition of characters, it goes to prove the brilliance of Mr. Lynch.  This is one film that must be scene to be fully appreciated.  Favorite scene:  the lonely stop light swaying in the breeze of the cool night air.  PERFECT! I am a big fan of David Lynch's works and had huge expectations from Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>The story captures you at the beginning and you can feel the mystery as you expected, but afterward it turns into a circus.<br/><br/>The problem is the storyline feels like they came up with some ideas in a night or two and started directing with the materials they put on paper.<br/><br/>What kills the story is:<br/><br/><ul><li>Too many side stories which are going nowhere</li><li>Too many filler characters and dialogues</li><li>Desire of connecting everything to each other, but forgetting this is a small town(For instance; Donna finding out the fact that her father is someone else or James is leaving the town but ends up in a criminal act which has nothing to do with the story.)</li><li>David Lynch acting as an agent with hearing loss. This character was so annoying and far away from being funny</li><li>Too many mysterious cases like a fruit salad(Agent does not hear anyone but Shelly or Dale Cooper's nemesis shows up and surprisingly he is also into the mystery. Plus he has a connection with the Major and on)</li><li>The characters are cool with supernatural cases and the way pieces are connected is so weak.</li></ul><br/><br/>The final statement: This is a very promising series which is not matured enough to be aired. It deserves a clean 7, but the rating is really exaggerated by the fans that I felt like I need to bring the balance. The white/black lodge thing. You know what I'm saying... I dont get what people like about twin peaks. All I see is bad acting and a bad directing.
It feels like the director is trying to make it sophisticated and well thought out, but it's just weird and far out. It feels like it doesn't have a manuscript and it's just made up 5 minutes before its filmed.
It is frustrating how bad it is, even for it's time.0 The pilot starts out on a sour note. We're given an intriguing premise right out the gate, and introduced to the town of Twin Peaks. Each character is quickly given a unique trait that is meant to offer some comic relief but is also plot relevant.<br/><br/>Andy -- the cop who cries at the drop of a hat; a complete bumbling fool (you will oft question the veracity of his employment). Over time he is trained to be more proficient, but remains just as sense as his "secret" lover Lucy -- the shallow police clerk who over-explains everything needlessly, at times giving away evidence. She is only less eloquent than Major Briggs, whose monologues could only be for kindergartners. The lone wolf James and his "girlfriend" Donna make a completely inept pair, somehow able to copulate after Laura Palmer's death instantaneously. Donna tries to become cooler and fails miserably. Laura's mother has visions, and her father mental breakdowns until he becomes obsessed with dancing and singing.<br/><br/>Agent Cooper compulsively dictates his every thought and action, a modern day Holmes obsessed with life's simple pleasures. There is very little police work done in this show. Rather they eat donuts, drink coffee, and analyze dreams. All of the characters make consistently terrible decisions, choosing not to involve the police until the very end, only for the cops to bungle the opportunity. The Drinking age doesn't exist, and I am convinced that US law does not apply to Twin Peaks. Fans of cop dramas will weep at how they handle cases, suspects, interact with judges, break confidentiality, retain evidence gained through mystical woo, and fail time and again to protect witnesses. Why even waste a single cop on protection detail, when they could be having a lover's spat?<br/><br/>As absent as law is, so to is monogamy. The vast majority of the cast major and minor is involved in at least 2 or 3 romantic/emotional affairs at any given time. Despite this, every single one will fly into a jealous rage upon learning the truth. The drama is so cringey and characters so wooden and inorganic, that I spent most of the time praying for characters to finally die. It's not so cringey it's funny either; it tunnels right back around like the Oroborous.<br/><br/>I've seen a lot of reviews saying season 1 is better. Honestly the only reason for that is because of the whodunnit. All of these flaws exist in the second, and once the killer is caught halfway through, they become painfully bare. I can't really imagine this show being rushed either with it's dreadful pacing. I just wanted to say I finished it, but like most I was tempted to drop from the first episode. A lot of shows hit their stride later on, but this one collapsed at the starting gate and never recovered. There's a lot inconsistencies if you care to look, most obvious being how much character appearances change over the span of the first 12-16 days the first arc apparently takes place in. I'll conveniently overlook how many "teens" are shacking up with people at least 15 years older than them.<br/><br/>A list of bearable characters:
1. Cooper (How does the man who sees everything not see the letter under his bed for days?)
2. Harry (Why is he so comfortable working outside the law?)
3. Hawk
4. Pete (Grow a spine)
5. Josie, Shelly, and Audrey are hot enough to hold attention, although the latter two become wholly uninteresting in season 2.<br/><br/>Edit: My comments on the last 12 episodes.
It seems that all the writers and actors took lessons for the last arc. The direction eschews a lot of the quirky, cheesiness at the heart of the first arc to present an actual crime drama. The worse characters become more bearable, the better less, and the result is a handful of mediocre episodes. Just as so many elements lack a satisfying payoff, the show tries to reclaim its roots and almost immediately corrupts its betterment. New minor characters like Denise keep things watchable, and the awfully written Windom moves the plot forward despite many new pitfalls. The final episode is a complete mess. It's not worth watching this show. The best tv show ever , brilliant casting, music and cinematography. David Lynch and Mark Frost have made something like never before. Each episode is like a movie. The fascinating thing about David Lynch's Twin Peaks is this ethereal dreamy vibe juxtaposed with a creepy undertone. One could also assess a cheesy tacky nature (brilliant humor) juxtaposed with a more serious imminent undercurrent. It's all these contrasting factors that make Twin Peaks magical and unlike any other television show to date.<br/><br/>I feel like this show turns a stereotypical soap opera on its head. This is a brilliant aspect to me. As a result, Twin Peaks has a lot of the sappy stereotypes attributed with a traditional soap opera. However, it's with a sense of wit and adds to the overall charm of the show. It may seem off putting at first, but just think a little bit about what you're seeing and give this show some time to warm up.<br/><br/>There are some genuinely creepy surreal sequences scattered throughout this show. I love the overall lighting and cinematography of these scenes. These sequences portray morbid ambiguity in a way that is quit simply out of this world. If you decide to watch this show, you will know what scenes I'm talking about.<br/><br/>What drives humanity to commit evil? What is it that makes us truly yearn for it? It's of course human nature to do evil, however, what is the cause? Twin Peaks seems to examine human nature in an out of the box sort of way. I love it!<br/><br/>I can't talk about Twin Peaks without mentioning Angelo Badalamenti. This has to be one of my (if not) favorite film scores laid to television. He amplifies the atmosphere all the more through these brilliant compositions. The opening sequence is one of the few opening television sequences that I actually enjoyed sitting through. The reverb laden guitar is unforgettable, and associated with my memory of Twin Peaks. I also liked Julee Cruise's contribution. Her voice is haunting and beautiful.<br/><br/>This show falls under a perfect score for me due to the second season. The first season was flawless. The first half of season 2 was flawless. In my opinion around episode 10 of season 2 is were things start to go south a bit. It seems they were having issues with writing after Laura Palmer's murderer was revealed. However, if you find yourself invested in the characters like I was then these episodes aren't all bad. The last two episodes of season 2 pick up again in quality, especially the last episode. I love the macabre ending sequence. It's still etched in my mind, and I find myself thinking about that ending sequence from time to time.<br/><br/>If you haven't seen Twin Peaks you're missing out. It's something special indeed. After watching this show perhaps one will find aspects of Twin Peaks in all places within reality. Are you looking close enough; The foreboding undercurrents. Twin Peaks shows you just how out of this world and sinister reality can be. So I beg you, take a step inside the magical cryptic realm of Twin Peaks. You surely won't forget it soon (if ever). First of all I want to note the incredible atmosphere in the series. Watching the show, it feels like I'm in this little town. As if I know every good citizen with their own history. This gorgeous music, camerawork, charisma of actors and entourage - makes you plunge, though I am on another continent and in another country (Russia). The series of 90-ies, I think what can surprise and interest for me? BUT I was wrong. David Lynch and the team did the best they could at the time.<br/><br/>In the series there is a bit of humor. At first it seems ridiculous and for 2019 strange and perhaps somewhere erroneous repetition of the joke, but this is normal for those years of the release of the show. Sometimes even ridiculous jokes convey and give the opportunity to feel the events. So I think it is not a bad series, but it a necessary part.<br/><br/>Good story. Actions occur slowly where it is necessary and when it is necessary very quickly. No boring.<br/><br/>P.S. I love agent Cooper. An awesome actor and hero of this series. Charismatic, smart, something attractive to me man. Thanks to him, I began to savor coffee and cook eggs with bacon! + respect Sherilyn Fenn, Lara Flynn Boyle, Michael Ontkean. I don't like and watch TV shows, "Dekalog" and TP are only exceptions because I am big Lynch fan and cinefile.
First season is great, real ending is 2nd season episode when Leland dies. I recommend everyone to stop watching after that episode (TP real ending) because show from then goes into gibberish nonsense.
Film TP FWWM is great film and explains important events, must see for completing whole TP. We are "huge" fans of the work of David Lynch and we have the movie "Fire walk with me" and the whole series of Twin Peaks on VHS (video). We were thrilled that the series was suddenly available on DVD, so we went straight to the store and purchased Season 1 of Twin Peaks on DVD. This was 4 years ago !!!! We never even had the chance to purchase Season 2, because it never went into sale in Belgium or Holland. Pretty weird that the people who have bought the rights to copy the series onto DVD never have copied season2... Does anyone know where we can purchase Twin Peaks Season 2 on DVD, with optional dutch subtitles? Thanks in advance !!<br/><br/>Gerd & Eveline Okay, I would rate the series (as a whole) as a B+.  However, the first 7 seven episodes (as featured in the DVD release) would be an A-.  As anyone familiar with the series knows, "Twin Peaks" started strong and pretty much pooped out in its second season.  Oh well.  I still love it.  Here's my rating of each of the first seven episodes:<br/><br/>1 = A- 2 = A 3 = A 4 = A- 5 = A- 6 = A- 7 = A<br/><br/>Not bad for TV!  <br/><br/>I haven't watched the commentaries yet but the quality of the episodes was incredible.  The extra stuff on the last disc is cool too.  Especially The One-Armed Man's real life description of how he lost his arm. <br/><br/>
A few words about the series:<br/><br/>Special Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) is just about the coolest hero every created.  Yes, that's right, I said, "HERO".  He's eminently quotable, good looking, smart, a great shot, and one of the most fundamentally decent guys you'd ever care to meet.  This is truly a character to emulate (keeping company with the likes of Atticus Finch and Frances McDormand's Sheriff Margie Gunderson).  <br/><br/>"Twin Peaks" is special for many reasons.  It's characters are wonderful. It is hilarious and terrifying.  It's weird.  However, though often overlooked, one of the most significant things about "Twin Peaks" is its profound portrayal of grief.  Never in television/film history has one person's death been so well evinced.  Even though Laura Palmer was a bit of a black sheep, she was a human being, precious by definition.  Seeing her town (especially those close to her; James, Donna, and her father, Leland Palmer) mourn her loss is truly evocative.  Cooper expresses so well what made "Twin Peaks" (the fictional town and the series) so special as he rebukes Albert (Miguel Ferrer) for his big city disdain.  In Twin Peaks, Cooper explains, Laura's murder was never just a statistic.  It was a tragic loss and was felt by all.  Including us as we watched. I bought twin peaks "FIRE WALK WITH ME" earlier this year i couldn't follow it straight off so i went to the video store and began renting the series at my local video store  episode by episode because i knew that the show had something that i just had to see i have grown to ABSOLUTLY LOVE the series...it just has everything anyone could ever want to see..anyone who loves a roller coaster of thrills and chills would just absolutely love TWIN PEAKS ...ITS A MUST SEE MILLION STAR:} With enough amount of supernatural, one can create anything, but then nothing is significantly precious or valuable. Twin Peaks is one of the best TV shows that is out of time. It was relevant both in the 90s and in the 10th and now after 30 years. David Lynch is one of the best directors of our time and certainly the best surrealist. Yes, here, in fact, the main storyline ends on the first episodes of season 2, but there is no such completion of season 2. In general, Twin Peaks is the best series of the 90s, not inferior to modern detective hits. It has been a long time since 1991. But one thing has not changed: how amazing this show is. There's something about this show in how you feel like you're actually there, in Twin Peaks. This is the only show I've ever watched that makes me feel like this. There have been a lot of shows that had premature cancellations that pissed me off, but this one was especially bad. No matter what, this is the greatest show of all time, it makes my other favorites look like featherweights. The show is really addictive. I was immediately caught by the fascinating town of Twin Peaks, apperantly incarnating the perfect ideal of the american way, but slowly unraveling the hypocrisy everyone hides inside them. But at the same time there is not a perfect line separating good and evils, showing lots of characters moving on the line of grey morality, with Laura Palmer standing out between them. She hid behind her appearance of good girl alife that is socially considered unrighteous, but at the same even more inside she kept a great fear and suicidal desire of a girl victim of copious abuses. Dialogues are mostly well written, most of time displaying information without resulting too forced, with just a couple of mistakes. Score is great, probably one of my favorite from any media. Only with music, Badalamenti is perfectly able to set the tone of a scene, from the funniest moments to the scariest. In shows horror moments we see Lynch's direction at its top, showing everyone how you don't need a big budget to make work a series. I appreciated the representation of the supernatural world moving the actions of characters. Acting ranges from mediocre to great, with Ray Wise standing above all. If I should find a flaw, I would say that the confrontation between Cooper and Windom Earl was quite underwhelming, like actually lots of storylines in the second half of S2, and in this sense the series suffered for the lack of an actual endin, that is what prevents me from giving the series a full 10 So, I have spent last 7 days watching Twin Peaks. First 2 days, I watched 6 to 8 episodes per day, then a bit less and yesterday I watched the last episode.<br/><br/>I remember when it aired in the 90's and I was 10 or something. Don't remember if I watched it or just saw some episodes or did not watch it. Though, the soundtrack to the movie was totally familiar to me from 1991 on and the song Falling.<br/><br/>Generally, I liked the series very much, but I would end it when the killer of Laura Palmer was revealed. After that, the episodes were kinda not interesting enough and the switch from Laura's killer to the evil presence of Bob was somewhat artificial to me. Last 2,3 episodes and all Miss twin peaks is just dragging ... <br/><br/>I love the music in the series. Agent Coop is great throughout the series, as well as Audrey and James ( by the way, what happened to him? That was kinda disappointing that he 'finished' his presence in the series so early and in rather shady manner - going off to LA or something). Donna is good too but her character in last episodes was rather uninspiring ... Agent Denis / Denise - that is Fox Molder is really an interesting add to the series! I wonder if he was shooting X Files when he accepted to be Denise in Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>I did not like the fact that - in the end - it was not really about the killing of Laura Palmer but that evil Bob. My Rating : 9/10<br/><br/>David Lynch - director of movie classics such as Blue Velvet and Inland Empire - takes the viewer on a surreal journey right from the opening theme - Twin Peaks is a truly groundbreaking TV show of the early 90's and an absolute beloved of mine.<br/><br/>Enjoyable, inspiring and scary - one of the best weird TV shows ever made. "Twin Peaks" was one of the most influential shows ever, and started out as one of the best shows ever. Originally, it revolved around the murder, in a small, northwestern town, of beauty queen Laura Palmer. Slowly, perhaps too slowly, week after week, secrets and clues dripped out. The secrets were not just about Laura, though everyone in town seemed to be a conduit through which flowed clues to the girl's murder.<br/><br/>At first a prime example of a water-cooler show, as the cast expanded and the clues became more frequent and warped, audiences fell away. If they missed a single episode they were far behind the pack with no hope of catching up.<br/><br/>I noticed this among my coworkers. I was unable to see the first few weeks of the series so I taped the first several episodes and watched them one day when I took off. That was the most sensible approach to the series, since one did not have a week to forget what happened before. But by the time I was up to speed and able to join the water cooler conversations, everyone else at work had cooled down, and most had lost interest in the show.<br/><br/>Then the folks who made the show were caught in a cleft stick. Look at "Moonlighting" and "Remington Steele" (two earlier shows that revolved around a romance between major characters). In "Moonlighting" everyone wondered "Will they do it?" And when they did the show's tension was lost and viewers fell away. In "Remington Steele" they didn't, and the viewers were tired of being strung along and they fell away.<br/><br/>"Twin Peaks" was in a similar situation. If they revealed Laura Palmer's killer, further viewers might fall away as that was the whole raison d'etre. On the other hand, one can only string viewers along for so long before they lose interest anyway out of frustration or constant letdowns.<br/><br/>Apparently pressured by the networks, "Twin Peaks" made the most sensible choice, to reveal the killer. Unfortunately, they had not adequately prepared a replacement story. Soaps do this all the time, have another important storyline building to intrigue viewers before the former storyline ends. The folks behind "Twin Peaks" had lots of subplots but most were murky and none of them were as involving as Laura Palmer's murder.<br/><br/>So the show went in two directions, taking Agent Cooper deep into a bewildering, otherworldly balderdash where children held handfuls of creamed corn; and taking other characters into the more mundane reaches of soap-opera land, though with humorous twists. Neither worked, and "Twin Peaks" fizzled out to nothing.<br/><br/>A subsequent movie, "Fire Walk With Me" was hoped to tie up loose ends in the final story but left lots of viewers hanging.<br/><br/>But the early episodes of "Twin Peaks" are still among the most riveting series shows ever produced on network television. A new generation needs to know about the Log Lady and the glories of cherry pie.<br/><br/>A welcome DVD release presents the series as it should be seen, and they may savor the first four episodes in one sitting.<br/><br/>Recent word has it the series will be revived for a short run in 2016. It's a welcome bit of news but after the disappointment of "Fire" old-time "Peaks" viewers are not raising their hopes too much. The Twin Peaks pilot aired on April 8, 1990. It created a buzz around the nation as everyone wanted to know 'Who Killed Laura Palmer?' I highly recommend you watch this series. It will astound you, disturb you and most importantly, make you jones for coffee, doughnuts and cherry pie! Groundbreaking television! Episodes are available on VHS, with the first season on DVD.<br/><br/>The first episode of the Peaks that I actually watched was episode 16: Arbitrary Law (2.009, Original Airdate: December 1, 1990), in which a strange gathering is called to the Roadhouse and the murderer of Laura Palmer is revealed. I was hooked from that point on. <br/><br/>I've seen the complete series about 6 times and still marvel at the witty dialogue and 'Lynchian' feel. The series ended on June 10, 1991, with one of the unhappiest endings in the history of television. <br/><br/>Miguel Ferrer played FBI agent Agent Albert Rosenfield. Albert had the best lines in the series. <br/><br/>Watch Twin Peaks. Watch it! Back in college, a roommate had these vhs tapes, so I watched the entire series in about a week.  I was stunned...everything about this series is stimulating and nerve-wreckingly compelling.  Laura Palmer is one of the main characters, yet we hardly see her except in quick flashbacks.  Dale Cooper, the agent who comes to Twin Peaks to investigate her murder is hardly as interesting as the town itself, a hodge-podge of crazy rednecks and rich businessmen.  This show was undeniably one of the greatest ever to air...but I'm not sad that it ended, because I felt that the series had a perfect run and any longer would have taken away its genius and made it a little stale.  "Fire Walk with Me" is like a bad dessert after a great meal though...which is a little sad, but ultimately, the slightly disappointing movie is overshadowed by the shear brilliance of the series. This is the best ever made. Although some of the subplots in 2 season is a bit annoying, but that doesn't matter, because David Lynch saves it all with the ending. Kyle MacLachlan is brilliant as agent Dale Cooper. This is the best thing ever made for the TV David Lynch creates a confusing master piece.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For a show from the 1990s, it doesnt hold up ver well for a post 2010s (plus) era, people will find it too much of a slow burn at a time where we have shows like Narcos, Dexter and Breaking bad.<br/><br/>The acting from some of the actors is solid, however there can at times be a bit of overacting by some actors. Its also kind of a cheesy show, with really chessy humor. The background music is that slow dull electronic piano that seems to drag on in the scenes. Though I do remember the theme song from my childhood.<br/><br/>The plot and pacing is where this series cant hold up to modern audiences. It's just far too slow and feels like I am watching filler episodes and not sure if some of the scenes are connected to the main plot line at all. Its paced too slowly and it makes me feel like saying, get on with it already.<br/><br/>All in all this is a nostalgia piece and cant really hold up. You need patience for things to unfold, in the modern "no nonsense", "no screen-time wasted" type of series, which we get from Netflix, most younger people would be bored!! If this were remade, it would be less than 10 episodes to wrap up.<br/><br/>Its rated highly mostly for Nostalgia and it also helped to make known quite a number of good actors, aside from that its hard to watch. Twin Peaks is a bona fide classic TV series, steered by the master David Lynch. It's full of pathos, humour, wonder, horror, romance, terror and charm. It's setting is timeless in its quality. It exudes old times, more innocent times, dragged into the present by encroaching horror. It's the kind of place you wouldn't mind living in, save for the demons and dark spirits that tear the place asunder.<br/><br/>The cast is fantastic, and the role of characters unique and wonderful. There's Cooper, the by-the-book genius FBI investigator sent to the town to investigate the murder of a young woman. He is immediately a text book hero with his personable demeanour, open mindedness, non-judgemental personality and boyish charm. He and the town sheriff enjoy a bromance, and through them we're introduced to the host of unforgettable characters that inhabit the town.<br/><br/>These characters have all sorts of ranges, from the relatable everyday type of folk we all know like Major Briggs, Ed and Norma or Doctor Heyward, likable and harmless eccentrics such as Doc Jacoby, Andy, Lucy and Pete, dark worrisome scoundrels like Leo, Ben Horne and Catherine, crazy as a box of frogs types like The Log Lady, Nadine or Windom Earle. And of course there's the greatest character in a TV show ever, Leland Palmer. Ray Wise is just unbelievable here, giving the performance of a lifetime. The show never really recovered from his exit early in the second season.<br/><br/>Mixed in with all these superlative characters are some of the oddest ever committed to popular culture. A giant no less, The Little Man From Another Place and the terrifying and unnerving Bob.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks won't be for everyone. It's like Lynch decided to throw everything from American culture he could get his hands on, toss it in a blender and film the results. One minute it's like watching a southern soap opera and the next it's like being thrown into a surreal nightmare that leaves you breathless and bewildered. But if you're captivated by Twin Peaks it will stay with you forever, it is totally unique even to this day and nothing out there is remotely like it. Sadly it dips in quality after its big reveal early in season 2, but there's still enough to keep you entertained until the second season wraps up, and the final episode is just utterly remarkable, one of the greatest episodes of a TV show in history.<br/><br/>It's returning for a third season in 2017, and I can't wait to see all these characters again, it will be like meeting old friends. This review is of the recently released blu-ray version of this series titled TWIN PEAKS: THE ENTIRE MYSTERY.<br/><br/>It's hard to believe it's been 25 years since Special FBI agent Dale Cooper said goodbye to his secretary Diane while talking into his hand held recorder having solved the problems found in Twin Peaks. It's hard to believe that the series was only on TV for two years. And even more incredible is to think that when it was on it became such a phenomena that people gathered together for viewing parties in each other's homes drinking coffee and eating cherry pie with a log sitting in a chair in the same room.<br/><br/>Yes people actually did that when the show took over the airwaves for a young generation trying something new. Director and creator David Lynch had taken a story he had to tell and turned it into must see TV. And then suddenly it was over. The murder solved. The mysteries around it figured out. Interest died and the show did as well. And yet a hard core audience remained longing for more.<br/><br/>Over the years various box sets have been put together for the show offering as complete a set as they could. First they had the series itself. Then the original pilot was included as well. Then extras were found and added. Finally Lynch's film FIRE WALK WITH ME, a prequel to events in the movie was released and later added. Now all of these things have come together and been put on blu-ray for fans to enjoy. Just in time too as the series has been given new life on Showtime with a new series in the works.<br/><br/>So let's pretend that you have no clue what TWIN PEAKS was all about. Odds are pretty good that could be since anyone 30 years old and younger wasn't around to watch it when it aired. The series opened with the discovery of a body, that of the much loved and adored Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee), found wrapped in plastic by the banks of a river in Twin Peaks, Washington. The entire town is shaken to the core, some more than others, as who is responsible for her killing as well as numerous town secrets are slowly unraveled as the series progresses.<br/><br/>Investigating the murder is not only the town sheriff Harry S. Truman (Michael Ontkean) but Special Agent Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) as well. Cooper is not your normal everyday FBI agent either. His methods are truly different than most and his mannerisms are the stuff of legend. So much so that many felt the character of Fox Mulder on THE X-FILES was a take on a similar character. Cooper became as much the focal point of the series as the tons of other characters in the town, and when I say tons trust me, there were a number of characters involved in all sorts of chicanery in this town. Secret societies, crime families, cheating spouses, one eyed women, log carrying ladies and more inhabited Twin Peaks and we loved them all.<br/><br/>So why would anyone consider investing in this new collection? What's new? Well to being with you now have the chance to watch the series in high definition, something that hadn't been available before. There is both the American and international versions of the pilot that were made. The blu-ray debut of Lynch's FIRE WALK WITH ME is included. There's a new featurette with series creator Lynch and the actors who portrayed the Palmer family. Plenty of never before seen extra footage is on hand as well. And if that wasn't enough there are newly transferred introductions to each episode by the log lady. Watch and you'll find out who she is.<br/><br/>These days people talk about binge watching series, tuning into Netflix or Hulu and watching a series from start to finish. Those who are accustomed to this as if it's the way things have always been will have a hard time understanding the dedication fans had to a series such as TWIN PEAKS and how they would tune in weekly, waiting in anticipation, recording the show on VHS to watch over again for clues and how they would avoid friends at the water cooler if for some reason they didn't get to watch the episode as it aired. Those same people can now binge watch the series in the best format possible and find out what all the excitement was about. With the shows we watch today it might not seem all that strange but at the time it was unlike anything ever shown on TV. With this box set, now is the time to rediscover the town of Twin Peaks and share with others. I never watch TV, ever. But I made an exception for Twin Peaks, because it was directed by David Lynch. Twin Peaks is an excellent show. It has a really strong, solid script, and it is complete with skilled directing, strong performances, good pacing, and an interesting story. Twin Peaks is a very smart show. Like it or not, it is a very original show, that in my opinion has moments of genius. Twin Peaks is well-made, and accessible, and it is brimming with intelligence and creativity. <br/><br/>But Twin Peaks is not for everybody. Some viewers will be turned off to it. I'm sure there are plenty of people who would say it is "too weird", but all the same it is not only original, but also thoroughly entertaining and engrossing. Twin Peaks is an engaging show that really pulls the audience into the story.<br/><br/>There is no show, no movie I have ever seen that I have found much more engaging than this. It also also addictive. Once I got really into this show, I could not stop watching it, I was hooked. I watched all of the episodes back-to-back, watching 2-4 episodes each day. I could not wait to see what would happen next. Twin Peaks is filled with surprises, and unexpected situations. It is an unpredictable show that keeps you on your toes, and leaves you guessing. <br/><br/>It does have some flaws, but most are minor. Some of the transitions from one scene to the next where a little rough, a little rushed. Some scenes seemed like they could have lasted a little longer. The entire series was very entertaining, but the show lost a little momentum towards the end, and Twin Peaks does occasionally wander away from its original premise, focusing on characters and situations that do not seem as relevant to the plot. But these minor characters made the show a lot more versatile, by adding spontaneity, and comedy. <br/><br/>The plot is simple on the surface: A FBI agent investigating a murder of a young girl in a small town, but as the show progresses it gets more and more complicated. It incorporates many subplots, and minor characters. The show has a great soundtrack, but one of the best things about it is the characters. There are a variety of interesting characters in this show. I do not think I have ever seen better characterization anywhere. There are wacky characters, likable characters, unlikable characters, strange characters, funny characters, scary characters, and lovable characters. <br/><br/>Twin Peaks is about the tragic death of a young woman, so it is very depressing at times, but it also has a lot of comic relief. There is plenty of humor in this show. Twin Peaks is mainly a Drama, but it really has it all: Crime, Suspense, Romance, Mystery, Comedy. It is a very mysterious show. Most of the show is realistic, but there is a subliminal element of fantasy, and there is also a underlying element of horror in the series. These themes of terror really add a lot to the series. <br/><br/>I was genuinely scared by Twin Peaks. It even gave me nightmares, and films rarely if ever do that. I would certainly recommended Twin Peaks, but consider yourself warned that it is disturbing, and even terrifying at times. It is a great show that is full of flawless characterization, impeccable storytelling, and vivid imagination, but I would not recommended it to anybody much under 16.<br/><br/>But if there was one definitive TV show to watch, I think this would be it. I would recommended this to all mature, smart, and open-minded audiences. Even if you do not like the director, you may still like this. I would recommend this even if you do not like Television. I strongly dislike Television, but I loved this show. Now I have just finished watching the first series of Twin Peaks and it was an experience to say the least. I don't really agree with half the people on this site what they say about it. Twin Peaks is a normal town full of normal people. From what I had gathered from reviews I read on here previously I believed that the people of Twin Peaks were citizens who were very odd to be around and was a strange place. That was only because it was in the middle of nowhere and very isolated like most towns around the world but there is a Leo Johnston, Bobby Briggis, Audrey Horne and Laura Palmer in every town so why does that make Twin Peaks any different.<br/><br/>The pilot episode was very engaging and had enough going for it for me to pay more attention to the other episodes of the first series. The more it went on the better it got but I thought it started to become dull towards the last two episodes, though the makers knew they didn't have to try and rap it up quickly as they knew Series 2 could fill in the gaps but I still thought they could have enlightened us more with last episode. It was the very last scene of the last episode of series 2 that made me stand up and go 'WOW' and after that I finally understood what Twin Peaks was all about and what kind of programme the makers were trying to establish.<br/><br/>The characters of the programme were very evened out. For example any scene involving the great Agent Cooper was to be suspenseful as well as entertaining. Leo Johnston brought terror to the series but there were many characters that were just in the way and slowing the story down. David Lynch is a master and is one of the most original directors since Stanley Kubrick but imagine what Twin Peaks would have been if he directed the entire series. In a way I suppose he had a lot to do with every episode but it doesn't feel that way. As much as intriguing and Agent dale cooper's weird but mesmerising dreams were excellent viewing I just felt that something was missing from the puzzle. Apart from that though I did enjoy it very much and it introduced me more to Kyle Maclachlan and I got to see finally what all the hype was and I agree with half of it.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is still a great achievement and it gave me many pleasurable moments but I still think something was missing, but this a TV series so I can't expect to much. If you are a fan of TV series, thrillers and something quite unusual then Twin peaks is definitely for you. This great, iconic series ended on a killer cliffhanger! A grand comeuppance of killer driller cliffhangers! Twin Peaks began with a FBI murder investigation of a body wrapped in plastic and became a worldwide sensation!<br/><br/>I woulda given anything to have seen another season after those second season cliffhangers! Just to have seen what series creators David Lynch, Mark Frost and company coulda come up with! Woulda been epic, woula been awesome, Dawson! If only another network had snatched up the gauntlet of this canceled too soon series.<br/><br/>Yet a few of the other subplots in this series coulda been left out, a couple were highly predictable and uninteresting, and added little or nothing but clutter to an otherwise fine series. David Lynch shoulda directed all the episodes as well! Though admittedly some of Lynch's replacements rocked the socks off certain episodes! Directors Mark Frost, Tim Hunter and Todd Holland being a trio of them! <br/><br/>This series has many layers to it and like a lot of Peaks Freaks I'm still hoping for a TV reunion someday soon. Over and out... wait! It's back! Just like a line from the original series... we'll see the series again in twenty-five years! And a quarter of a century later, pretty much to day, the much needed third, and hopefully not final, season is upon us!<br/><br/>Le Peaks Freak geeks rejoice! This television series is without a doubt the greatest one ever made. David Lynch has done it again, adding up yet another score on his exquisite track record, This series has it all, from crime and mystery, to beauty and true love, all in all every aspect of human emotion, even the ones that we do not always recognize are presented in this wonderful series in a way that can only be described as Genius. All I know is this, never in my life have I witnessed an event in which I could find myself lost in the dialogue beyond the point of retrieval. I love this series and have seen all 29 episodes in a row more times than most people have watched the news in their life times. This series is a must see and a must purchase. The reason i think TP is so problematic to the general audience is because its regarded as a TV series, when its clearly a movie. Calling it "the best thing to come out of the television" is not enough since its in a league of it's own. No TV series and most movies dont come close to TP's artistic values and complex symbolism, while blending crowd pleasing matter with art house surrealism. Although it does have its up and downs (especially after Laura Palmer's killer is revealed) the overall effort, several moments of sheer cinematography genius and excellent actors giving their best, make this the best thing to come out of television. The Deity of TV-series! The Lord of horizontal and vertical lines! The Shogun of soaps! The Pharaoh of love stories! The Emperor of horror! The Master of mystique! The President of characters! The King of eye candy! And so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on.... I have seen this film twice, but I can watch it once again. It was something that gave the understanding of film art. It is strange and fantastic like  all David Lynch movies .I love the music of Twin Peaks and I love it all. Having just finished the series (for the first time) I can say I haven't seen any other show quite like Twin Peaks. It has inspired a lot of the 'good TV' that came after it but its mix of murder mystery, surreal dreams, offbeat humour, strange characters and soap opera subplots still seems pretty unique after 30 years.<br/><br/>At its best, this is one of the best TV series I have ever seen. Great characters, great score, great storytelling and directing from Lynch and Frost. BUT prepare yourself that this is not a PERFECT show - sadly due to the network pressure to resolve the murderer's identity early in season 2, their vision was derailed and the second half of season 2 is somewhat of a mess. The last few episodes recover some of the magic and the finale is fantastic but there is a good stretch of maybe 5-7 episodes that just aren't great and it felt like the show had lost its way. Almost everything about James, Josie and Nadine for example in season 2 could be cut.
But if you're willing to forgive - or indeed skip past - that slump, the bulk of the show is really good TV.<br/><br/>Also as a younger viewer I'm very glad to have seen it from a historical perspective of TV - like great films that are must-sees to understand the evolution of cinema, this is a prime example of that for TV. Speechless. Best show ever!! It'll satisfy you're taste buds long after the ending! In a time when sitcoms, cop shows and medical dramas culminated, David Lynch and Mark Frost managed to change the face of television forever with their groundbreaking cult TV show Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>The recipe was simple. They subverted the nighttime soap opera genre, along with using elements from their own artistic sensibilities and that lead to the show's creation.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks follows FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper (portrayed marvelously by Lynch's muse, Kyle MacLachlan) who arrives in the fictional town of Twin Peaks, Washington to investigate the murder of homecoming queen Laura Palmer. He's assisted by the town's top lawman Sheriff Harry S. Truman.<br/><br/>Besides the main mystery, Twin Peaks explores the life in this small northwestern town and exposes the secrets of its quirky and peculiar citizens.<br/><br/>The mix of the unsettling surrealistic tone and the supernatural elements with the campy, offbeat and melodramatic portrayal of the town, truly made Twin Peaks a singular experience.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is world full of possibilities and ambiguity and it stills stands as one of the towering achievements of the small screen. It also paved the way for the so called 'Golden age of TV' like no other show had done at the time. This show is amazing. It has been my favorite ever since the premiere of the very first episode. Highly recommend it for you to watch. That's a masterpiece by David Lynch in his usual sophisticated and ultra weird creativity.<br/><br/>What it makes it more outstanding are the superb performances by the cast. All of them.<br/><br/>The soundtrack and music share the same high standard and beautifully set the gut-shaking mood throughout the series.<br/><br/>Incomprehensible and bloody creepy, most of the time, which may be hard to understand and follow by many many viewers, including myself, but having a unique atmosphere and beauty that cannot be ignored.<br/><br/>When a series has quality, be sure that even those who don't comprehend it, praise it. The series is about a mysterious murder investigation in the small town of Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>Season 1 starts in a very captivating manner. It's riveting. The pace of revealing each piece of the puzzle is superb. It's not too slow and it's not too fast. Just the perfect pace to keep your attention riveted.<br/><br/>Characters are very well developed and actor play is excellent. Each character really speaks his or her own language and it's believable.<br/><br/>The 8.8 score is too high in my opinion and mostly because the story becomes in time too unrealistic and too surreal to the point where "you wake up". I am a believer that the best story is one that makes you dream in the sense you gradually lose sense of reality and the film becomes your reality.<br/><br/>Yes this is a fiction / mystery story but towards end of season 1 and in season 2 the "believability" thread snaps for me.<br/><br/>I still watched it to the end, because I was hooked - which speaks well for the picture, but I got the feeling "they went over the top".<br/><br/>SHOULD YOU SEE IT? is it worth your time?<br/><br/>I like everything very much for a comfortable 10/10 except for the believability factor. If you are like me, a person with well developed logical and critical thinking I think you will start losing interest mid season 1.<br/><br/>If you don't care too much about believability and would like to see a thriller mystery story then you will love the series<br/><br/>Is it worth your time?
see the first few episodes and decide for yourself if you want to continue. If you are not 100% riveted, then it's probably not for you. Goofy and fascinating in a sick way while it dealt with who killed Laura Palmer, but once that was solved it jumped the shark and was just stupid. I've watched this series recently and from my point of view this has not aged well, since some of the special effects to some terrible acting that I don't know what were they thinking, besides that Twin Peaks has a very interesting story that keeps me intrigued, and one of the high lights is that at some points it has some David Lynch-esque moments which are awesome if you're a David Lynch fan. I've decided to start from scratch before watching the new season, and it is one of the weirdest shows I have seen. However, it is also super addictive. I can see why this has such a cult following. There are definitely some cheesy moments, but Kyle MacLachlan is a great actor. This show has just the right amount of quirkiness to keep me intrigued and wanting to know what happens next. Worth a watch. Dale Cooper and Twin Peaks: what social message and symbolism is behind it?<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is without doubt a brilliant work of art. It reflects the strong tension and dramatic contradictions, deep desires and aspirations of society and individuals in an unusual way. The abrupt and forced end of the series can be understood not merely as a simple decision by ABC, but as a symbol of intractable conflicts between material and human values. These conflicts are meant to go through a maturation process over several years. The defining moment is that the idea of the book's author, the creativity of the director and the actor's interpretation is connected, partly consciously and partly unconsciously, with the personal development of the all important stakeholders in this series as well as current social processes. 21 years have passed after the first broadcast of the series. With recent times in mind, is it possible to perceive the Black Lodge as an imprisonment in the social nets of society in general or perhaps in virtual reality of the Hollywood world? The real social life and the fictional world of cinema are governed by their own laws and force people to adapt. It takes a certain strength and intelligence to adapt and not to lose one's personality. Today, we can be happy to see: the leading actor of Twin Peaks, Kyle MacLachlan, has been able to resist the temptation of the power of the Hollywood Red "Lodge". With modesty and humor, he has found a creative balance between real life and fictional world of cinema. So we may hope that Dale Cooper will still find a way out of the Black Lodge. It is possible that the film location and the name of the series, Twin Peaks, weren't chosen at random. What actually is Twin Peaks? Two peaks with a small community in between? Or is it possible that the peaks represent the gulf between good and evil? Just between these peaks the real and symbolic acts of the series occur. Just among these two contradictions - good and evil – the inhabitants of Twin Peaks and also Dale Cooper live, love and die. Dale fights for good and feels drawn to evil forces. This man sacrifices his soul for the life of a beloved woman and is therefore condemned as weak and scared by critics of the series. So now he has to stay in the Lodge. Is this a punishment or a normal consequence because no man should love anyone more than he loves God? The critics were probably not thinking this far, but what conclusions should the audience draw? Is love a weakness and should human being be punished for it? Is the evil stronger in us than love? Will "Bob" always win? The fight between the devil and angels will always exist. Though it may not be obvious, for the time being, "good" still has the upper hand. People love each other, children are born, cities and artworks come into being, humanitarian projects are conducted... Humanity has not yet destroyed itself and this planet on which we live. Not yet... although the means to do so already exist. With this in mind, would it not make more sense for the audience to see Dale's role as a winner rather than a loser? With his pleasant smile, brilliant mind and delicate feelings he can introduce the new generation to humanistic values in an unobtrusive and convincing manner. Particularly in times when women are gaining more and more power, the world needs a balance, a new definition of male strength: drug-free bodily fitness, clear and firm principles, reliability and durability, self-control and discipline, the capability to act on ideals, the rational use of aggression as well as humanistic understanding of the meaning of love in all its manifestations. 2012 is a year of intense geographic, political and cultural changes on our planet. Maybe the time has come to retrieve Dale Cooper from Black Lodge? Then, Dale Cooper would finally free himself from "Bob control" and return to the TV world, no matter if in a further series or in a different form of art. Dale's stay in the Black Lodge should be finally over. I must say I have mixed feelings towards this show. One moment I love it, it is the best show on earth, the next minute I hate it, it does nothing but annoy me. The reason I started watching Twin Peaks was because I learned it was written and partially directed by David Lynch. Him being a known artistic film director, I assumed this show would have a quality others did not have. And I was right on that one. The concept behind this show is really compelling. He has managed to make some of the most bizarre and original characters I've ever seen on the TV screen. Sometimes the event that they are in can be seen as a bit of a cliché, but he somehow makes them good. The show also has a supernatural undertone that only appears once in a while, which again makes the show even more compelling. However, like most TV shows, it loses it's quality over time. This normally takes a few season and Twin Peaks only lasted two seasons. But when a TV show has as much quality As this one did, it can so easily hit rock hard bottom. At some point this show sadly fail to deliver, and suddenly the show just ends with a cliffhanger. I feel this is important to mention, just so you've been warned. I truly love this show, it's so much better than most other, but when it comes to the end you might feel a bit cheated like I did. So you've been warned, but I still strongly advice you to see it. Watch the pilot and the two first episodes (there's a scene in episode two that I really interesting) and I can guarantee you that you're hooked.<br/><br/>I have decided not to give a vote on this review as I has such mixed feelings for it. I'll give that start a 10/10, some episodes even fall as far as a 5/10, and some deserve both. Twin Peaks' unique blend or drama and humor gave way to all the great tv shows of the 90's: Northern Exposure, Picket Fences, Chicago Hope, The Practice, Wild Palms. I was only 10 when the show was on and I remembered only images like the black lodge. I got into it because I love Picket Fences and Northern Exposure and so my friend recomended it to me and I was hooked.<br/><br/>The characters are all so vivid and the humor, drama, and terror all mixed together equal one hell of a ride. Almost every episode contains a part where you just gasp in amazement at a plot twist or are rendered speechless by the sheer terror of Bob. Twin Peaks gets under your skin and never quite lets you feel comfortable watching it. It prides itself in keeping the audience unsettled and on their toes. Almost ten times..? Yes... almost ten times I've seen this incredible, wonderful and original story. "Twin Peaks" is IT! The one filmed story that is THE BEST THING EVER MADE.<br/><br/>Brilliant genius David Lynch became my idol after this. Daring to make something like "Twin Peaks" was strong done. Many people didn't understand or didn't have the strength of watching the slow-made intrigue blossom. I didn't really care who killed Laura in the beginning. Well, of course I cared, but I didn't care if it would take a while. The show itself was enough interesting. The characters and the original camera work and, of course, the music was amazing. Even if you heard that "Falling"-song in the beginning every time, you never got tired of it.<br/><br/>All actors are super, but there is one actor that I think is the main reason why this brilliant show became the BEST. And that is Kyle MacLachlan in the role of Dale Cooper. I had never seen him before. He was totally new for me. Later I saw him in "Blue Velvet", "Dune" and "The Hidden". He did something with Dale Cooper that I think no other actor could have done. You can't dislike him. He is (like Audrey says) perfect. Whenever I start watching the series again, I always wait for the scene where he drives into Twin Peaks... and when he meets Harry at the hospital (a terrific scene where they stand in the end of a corridor).<br/><br/>And of course we have amazing Sherilyn Fenn as Audrey Horne. In the first episodes she's mean, but after falling in love with Cooper her person alters and becomes wonderful. Fenn is probably the most beautiful actress in the world. Her Audrey is the best female character in Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>My favorite episode is the one where Maddy dies. My favorite scene is when Cooper throws rocks. And my favorite line is... "Black as midnight on a moonless night" (Cooper about how he wants his coffee).<br/><br/>When the final episode ended I didn't feel disappointed. I know many people became angry, but I think Lynch gave the series a great ending. I wanted to see the whole show again... and since 1990 I've seen it about eight or nine times. One time I saw it over a weekend. Maybe I'm crazy, but "Twin Peaks" changed everything for me. I see it as a long, long movie... the greatest movie ever made. New shoes.... New shoes.... spp. spp....<br/><br/>Where's Annie..... Where's Annie....<br/><br/>Great Pie!<br/><br/>Possibly the best TV ever made. This show gets me. It focuses in on all things human and all things frightful. I can't say enough good things about this show. When I hear that opening music and see that bird and the mill and the Twin Peaks sign--well, I know I'm home. If you haven't seen this show, you haven't been watching anything worthwhile. I did not ever watch this series when it was on prime time, except for one episode which made no sense to me at the time.  But years later I saw the first few episodes on cable and went out and bought the entire series (29 episodes) on video cassette.  I loved every minute of it!  I have now watched it from beginning to end 5 times.  Kyle McClachlan is awesome as Agent Dale Cooper, and the entire cast was excellent.  What makes this series so great is the characters and the interaction between them.  There are many plot twists and surprises, the relationships seem real and fleshed out, and the town itself has a lot of depth to it.  Although this show was probably ahead of its time, I think it warmed audiences up to "something different" on television shows.  I don't think the X-Files would have done as well as it has if Twin Peaks had not set the stage.  My only complaint is the last episode, which I've heard from various sources was David Lynch's revenge against those responsible for cancelling the show.  I won't ruin it for you, but I don't think it would have ended that way if he had not been forced to wrap it up.  Personally, I think the series can be viewed without the last episode and sometimes I don't watch it.  I give this series a 10+! Twin Peaks is in my opinion the best TV series ever. The series combines both horror and soap-opera without being silly. Try to watch all episodes in one go and you have the best TV hours glued to your mind forever. As a child growing up in the sixties, Twin Peaks is to me one of the most clever shows ever made.  It combines the mundane (Andy Griffith Show, which by the way is one of the greatest shows ever made)with the supernatural (Twilight Zone, Outer Limits), suspense (Alfred Hitchcock) and crime drama (The Fugitive) that I have ever seen.  Some of the characters, ie Gerard, the one-armed man, deputy Andy, to name only a couple of characters, refer to my most beloved TV characters of the sixties.  And the subplots involving Enda trying to pick up boys at the high school, or when the Icelanders visited Twin Peaks, are just hilarious.  The reuniting of Peggy Lipton and Clarence Williams III (from Mod Squad)in the cafe is just priceless. Another classic reunion was Richard Beymer and Rusty Tamblyn (from West Side Story).  Or when David Duchovny played the transvestite police detective. This show is timeless,  I could go on and on.  David Lynch created one of the best TV shows ever made.  I wish I would have taped all of them.  I only have a handfull on tape.  I like The X-Files, but I like Twin Peaks more. They are two different shows.  X-Files is mainly science fiction.  Twin Peaks is everything.  I also liked the show Nowhere Man. That show was a combination of The Fugitive and The Twilight Zone/Outer Limits.  But it had such low ratings that Paramount network had to cancel it.  What a shame. Back when this show was on the air, I was 11 years old, my family was watching it on a regular basis and I was taking a gander from the sidelines and I remember I did not like it. I cannot recall exactly why... Maybe it was boring, or scary or from some third reason... All in all, I was kind of watching it and I know what is it about, but I do not remember details anymore. Considering its cult status and "resurrection" announced for later this year, I decided to watch both seasons and both movies before the third season is released.<br/><br/>I just saw the pilot episode and I don't understand why anyone would be caught by it. It may be that show in its entirety is great, but the pilot does not promise quality entertainment at all. I have complete series, so I will continue watching it for the time being, but if I was watching the pilot on TV and if I had to continue with the second episode a week later, I would probably completely forget about it in meantime and I would not follow the show. I cannot say it is boring or badly done because it is not, but it does not stand out in any way either and it does not encourage curiosity. Average thriller, I would say. I hope it gets better because I do not want to waste 33 hours if they are the same level as the pilot.<br/><br/>6,5/10 (for pilot only)<br/><br/>I'm near the end of the first season and so far the only thing I like about this show is fabulously excellent music by Angelo Badalamenti. Possibly the best soundtrack I have ever heard.<br/><br/>10/10<br/><br/>I finished the first season and I'm still not hooked. Acting is very good, music is perfect, but the story is too much soap-opera like. It is like someone who was used to make soap-operas suddenly decided to make a thriller. And of course, Lynch distinctive visual atmosphere that causes me a stomachache. Fortunately, Lynch made this show way before he completely flipped, so it is just slightly irritating, unlike his more recent works that are mostly unwatchable.<br/><br/>7/10<br/><br/>As the second season progress, more and more I get a feeling that this show was intended to be some kind of subtle parody, but I have no idea what of, because I'm not familiar with television trends of the '80s. I was too young then, and now I mostly watch theatrical movies from that era, so television from the '80s is almost completely unknown to me. However, the longer I follow this show the more I like it, although I think music has a crucial role in it.<br/><br/>7,5/10<br/><br/>While the first season was mediocre thriller/mystery, the second season jumps off to complete madness. I did not watch everything made by Lynch, and I have no intention to do so, but this could easily be his lifework. Basically, this is soap opera, but extremely intelligent, with many layers and an unbelievable amount of different genres perfectly combined. To me, absurd/surreal fiction prevails. There is, of course, crime fiction with a murder mystery and detective story, which irresistibly reminds me of film noir. Then, there's drama, mystery, horror, romance, black comedy, romantic comedy, and parody. And there's a chance I even missed something. In one moment I have a feeling that I am watching a sitcom and the very next moment I'm sitting at the edge of the chair wanting to turn on all the lights in the apartment. I wonder what it would feel like to watch this on drugs :D<br/><br/>8,5/10<br/><br/>I was at the very edge of changing my rating to 10/10 when I saw the last episode and it was the biggest disappointment in my life, regarding movies and TV series, of course. TP started as a mediocre thriller, grew into one of the best shows ever made and instead of reaching its peak in the final episode with some grand finale it went to complete disaster. The last episode is just typical Lynch crap. With it, he destroyed probably the best work he's ever done.<br/><br/>0/10 for the show finale This is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen in my entire life. Shockingly stupid! Let's make it clear that I'm a huge fan of David lynch and I admire some of his movies.
I had so mich passion to watch twin peaks and finally I could start it witch I wish I would've never done it.
Don't expect anything from it. Everything is so bad that I don't know how to start. Acting's are horrible. Characters are so over exaggerated that you feel you are watching an anime. The story is Mehhh. So many side stories which are super unnecessary. OMG the music is beyond bad and sometimes I had to put it forward to mot hear it. Even when lunch come as an actor, I felt so bad because I really respect him but his character is so bad which meant to be kind of funny but actually it's pathetic. There are three characters (Lucy, Andy and Nadin) that are literally unbearable to watch. They are also meant to be funny in a stupid way that make you feel kind of sick of them and want to stop watching. Sometimes I was really thinking that I'm watching another TV-series with similar name.
I wish I would never watch it so I had still my good memories from david lynch movies. Just finished watching this because the third season just dropped after 25 years, which is perfect timing considering something that happens in the show. The first season of Twin Peaks is utterly brilliant. The second season is near garbage except for a few episodes which conclude the loose ends of season one; and the final episode which somehow manages to redirect the show back to excellence; however too little too late considering the fact it got canceled back in the days. Whatever, time to go and watch the Fire Walk With Me movie. Because season one is a ten out of ten and season two is about a six and a half out of ten - I'll just average out the scores and give the 90s Twin Peaks an eight or a nine. A swing and a miss in every capacity. The most misguided soundtrack I've ever heard. Jazz with detective stories is as good as it gets. Unfortunately this jazz sounds like a fourth grade swing band interrupting the show at all times, accompanied by the sappiest synth music ive ever heard and the show is unwatchable because of it. Also, David Fincher is overrated as can be. I have to admit that, despite being a huge Lynch fan and an ardent defender of his movies, "Twin Peaks" disappointed me.  Maybe I had unrealistic expectations, but it just didn't seem to be as fascinating or imaginative as Lynch's feature films, like "Blue Velvet", or "Lost Highway".  It wasn't weird in the hypnotic, captivating way that his other work is, it was just annoyingly weird and at times simply stupid.  I did chuckle at some of the dialogue and found Kyle MachLachlan's character especially funny, but the series as a whole strikes me as overrated, quirky, and--this is going to sound really strange--TOO comprehensible to by truly Lynchian.  Which isn't to say that it isn't worth watching: this could be a good introduction to Lynch for people who have more conventional sensibilities and would maybe be turned off by the more explicit and 'shocking' material in his movies. But for the more 'cinematic' type people out there, I would recommend 'Erasherhead' as the crash course par excellance to Lynch's unique sort of surrealistic, almost mystical type of artistic magic.  The fact that "Twin Peaks" is still a must watch, though, should give you an indication of how effective and important Lynch is as a filmmaker:even his disappointments are absolutely not to be missed. Forced myself to watch the whole 2 seasons so my judgement would be fair.<br/><br/>It was a difficult task, this show is so boring, going in all directions, uninteresting characters, ridicule plots, bad acting.<br/><br/>Maybe it was a good show in the nineties but today it's just plain bad. First season was good and so was half of the second season. The characters were quirky but each character was deep. Their interactions with each other was interesting. FBI Detective Dale Cooper's dream sequences were weird his methods were unusual. You get the sense that something supernatural is happening around twin peaks and rightly so. Laura Palmer's killer was revealed and they caught him halfway through the second season. It is Laura's dad. But then we have Bob. What is he some kind of demon that possesses souls and turns them into killers? Yes I guess. He simply leaves the killer's body meanwhile Dale is in trouble, he loses his badge and gun. The friends he made in Twin Peaks who are also his colleagues and his past colleagues all help him through these tough times to clear his name from the bogus charges. We meet the annoying Windom Earle and at this point things were already going downhill. Catherine is annoying, the Horne's are annoying and pretty much everyone have gotten annoying at this point. Then we have the ending. Is it like a different dimension or something I do not know but we have all the characters from Dale's dream sequences. What are they imitating Stephen Hawking or something and they took their time. The twist that Dale is now possessed by Bob is interesting but by this point I was willing to accept anything please just end the agony. This show definitely rewards you for watching it all the way through. It's a complex show, but in the world of Netflix and Hulu it fits.TV 20 years ago not so much....It's a very odd show,but it works well. I confess I almost dumped it after the 3rd episode.The Pilot episode is pretty good, but season 1 doesn't get really good until the last few episodes. They tie everything together pretty well. I was pleasantly surprised how much I wound up liking this. The main plot line is who killed Laura Palmer? The homecoming queen's a little naughty..which is predictable. They stray away from it at times, but the real treat is getting to know the odd characters in town.From the rich Asian widow trying to watch her back against a jealous sister to an abused waitress trying to escape with her lover. The main character Dale Cooper is alittle odd,but he works. The show mixes humor,drama, and some good mystery plots. It reminds me of an early version of American Horror Story or Weeds. If that makes sense. it is a real revolution. for the art to transform rules of crime movie. for the game of imagination. for the image of evil. for strange humor. and for obsessive music. so, it is a provocation. fascinating, full of mysteries and fake ways, with taste of pie and shadow of a young woman, with the mythical characters and a FBI agent out of any definition. a good movie ? not exactly. only a great experience. because, after years, the story, the music, picture of Laura Palmer, silhouette of agent Cooper are fresh memories. because the Gothic atmosphere is almost seductive after years. because it is a great work or just an iconic film. because after Twin Peaks meeting all is different for its public. the first series of twin peaks is probably the greatest thing ever filmed (that first 7 episodes or so, from pilot to cooper getting shot my josie) but after that it spiralled totally out of control, i think if it had been helmed tighter by David lynch and perhaps kept to a 14 episode run it would have been the one off greatest TV production ever. instead it starts of great, promises so much but delivers a watered down wishy washy run of far too many episodes, i mean by th end of it laura palmer is only seen in the end credits, until the last episode that is (thats deliciously creepy that one, ) id like to re-edit that series into a tighter self contained serial about laura palmers murder and nothing more. but at least the first series is phenomenal, and what about angelo badalamentis music.<br/><br/>blacker than the sky on a moonless night :-) Twin Peaks.  An intelligently written show, created for viewers with open minds and hearts.  I long for my college days kickin' back with my friends watching Peaks and tippin' a few.  No show shall ever come close to the creative, scenic, and mysteriously odd caliber that was....."Twin Peaks" I have never in my life felt so moved by a subject that I have wanted to comment about it in this way. However, this has changed after finding this site & the info about Twin Peaks. I thought that maybe I was the only one who was still going on about this wonderful series so long after it had aired, but I am immensly happy to find that obviously, I am not alone! Twin Peaks has only ever aired the one time here, when I was about 15 years old. From the time the first ad break in the first episode aired, I was hooked & never missed an episode. I now own a copy of the entire series, so have since enjoyed it many times over. I think anyone who loved the series as I did can agree that it provided a release from every day life. You could engross yourself in this alternate world, see this fascinating place & live these peoples lives once a week. It was the most hypnotic feeling. The series was superb, the scripting, the acting, the music & just that wonderful eerie feeling that surrounded all that is Twin Peaks. No other TV show has ever come close to capturing my attention the way TP did. I would dearly love another installment, even just one episode, to answer a few of those cliff hanger final questions...<br/><br/>RIP Twin Peaks, you are greatly missed. A true classic. Nearly all other TV shows still pale in comparison to Twin Peaks! Entertainment Weekly overlooked this show in its 100 greatest moments in television. For me, at least 20 of TV's greatest moments occurred during this particular show's run. Sure, some episodes were too quirky and like a freak show. All in all, though, it was muliti-layered, multifaceted, well-acted, well-directed, gripping, disturbing, perhaps ahead of its time. As in the best feature films, the sound track was very important in setting the mood. I still compare other shows to this one. Northern Exposure did a similar job of having quirky characters in a small town near some wilderness. The X-Files has done a more consistent job of using freaks. However, The X-Files still seems like a pale version of Twin Peaks. I like the X-Files a lot, but I completely loved Twin Peaks. My favorite TV series (I have several webpages devoted to it) on<br/><br/>tape! I can't believe it! These were awesome. Sure, frightening,<br/><br/>bizarre, etc., but they are incredibly interesting. Can't<br/><br/>misses. If you like bizarre, yet comic mysteries, this is for<br/><br/>you. Remember, before the X-Files there was TWIN PE In 1990 when I first saw this series I was in Primary 7 in a Cumbernauld primary school.  I'd never seen anything like it and I don't think I'll see anything like it again.  Brilliant,  the film Fire Walk With Me was even better but the thing with Twin Peaks is you either love or hate it,  I can't help but love it. A marvelous series this is, and the pilot is no exception.You've got suspense, great dialogue and some very smart scares plus a great cast of insane characters, how can you go wrong?  Kyle Maclachlan is great as Agent Cooper, offering up some of the most interesting one-liners ever heard. Lynch brings his well known film wackiness to this series, and nothing is lost in the transition.  He uses a few interesting filling techniques and surrounds the characters in his trademark inexplicable scenery.  Look out for the deer head that "just" fell off of the wall, and the curious hi-jinx of the midget sequence.  This is some of Lynch's best work. I'm sorry but, David Lynch is good on everything. There isn't a single movie directed by him, that I would dare give less than three stars. And now, looks like that not even TV scares him anymore. You can see that when you watch this series, that is so good and magic as all his films.<br/><br/>Well, need I say more ? Please, five full stars for this excellent job, and four full stars for the single pilot, released on video : "She's Dead ! Wrapped In Plastic !". "Twin Peaks" is absolutely, one of my all time favorite tv shows. I remember when it first came out back in 1990, I was only 11 years old, but still to this day remember how everyone loved it! About 2 years ago, I saw the entire series at a local video store in the "cult classics" section and was immediately taken back 8 years! I thought it looked really cool and intriguing, and since I had grown up quite a bit since it was first on, I could appreciate the art and beauty if it. Well, that's how it all started. I rented every single episode and simply fell in love! I loved EVERYTHING about it! The music, the story, the characters, and especially Kyle Maclachlan! He became my favorite actor after countless "Peaks" viewings! He is so hot, and definately gives some sex appeal to the show. I really love this show not only for the cool characters and stories, but also because it brings back so many memories of when I was 11 years old. It was THE show even among 6th graders! Anyway, do NOT pass up on "Twin Peaks". Go out and rent it, or better yet, catch it every weekend on "Bravo" and tape it! You just might fall under it's surreal spell! This is truly a slice of David Lynch. From the first frame to the last you will want more Twin Peaks than is available. Detailing what wasn't shown in the series or the movie that began it all, it shows Laura Palmer's last week alive. It is best seen after the series has been watched or else it gives away the killer and other various aspects of the plot that is best seen throughout the series' 29 (?) episodes. I highly recommend this movie if you are interested in David Lynch or just in Twin Peaks itself. I thought Twin Peaks would change television forever with its eeriness and slow-beat, dreamy heaviness of freakish stuff.  Totally mesmerized me and put me under a spell for one hour each week.  On the surface, it looks like a normal mystery-based TV series/soap opera but just one listen to the music or 30 seconds of dialogue and you realize that its not what it seems to be but is actually a trip into a world that looks the same but exists somewhere in the imagination of some sick guy (David Lynch).  Doesn't sound very appealling but its a total trip.<br/><br/>Sadly, though post-Twin Peaks television programming is more of the same droll, hackneyed sitcoms filled with crap crap crap as pre-Twin Peaks TV. Too bad for us. No other TV has ever come close to pure story-telling like this one. The mood, music, scenary, EVERYTHING about it was great. A show shown well before TV was smart (if TV is smart now). I watch a lot of television and this show is one that truly stood out to me. In the twenty-something odd years since it was released no show has been able to dramatic surrealism that is Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks manages to create some of the most original storylines and intriguing characters ever seen on TV. Even after the storyline that originally snatches the viewers attention is resolved the show remains interesting, a feat many other shows have failed to accomplish, and begins building up to the best episode of television ever create (the season 2 finale.)<br/><br/>This show has something for everyone, from the mystery to the drama to the quirkiness, I challenge you to not instantly fall in love with Twin Peaks. Agent Dale Cooper has to be the best character ever crafted and his admirableness is constantly complimented by other fantastic characters such as Audrey Horne and Lucy Moran.<br/><br/>Twin Peaks is a show like no other and, no matter who you are, is a must watch. Amazing first season and first half of second season and the last episodes of the show. Mystery is the strongest thing this show has to offer and it is magnificent. Characters are so likeable and charming. I love his passion for coffee and food. David Lynch knew exactly what he wanted with this series and he gave it to us over the course of 2 (3 if counting the return) amazing seasons that took TV viewers to another world. Welcome to Twin Peaks. The small logging town in Washington State with a population of 51,201. After Homecoming Queen Laura Palmer is found murdered, FBI Agent Dale Cooper (played by Kyle MacLachlan) comes to investigate and comes across the strange and unexplained mysteries that fans of this series have come to love (The Red Room, Man from Another Place, Judy) Season 2 gets a little bit sloppy towards the midway of it, filled with a few unnecessary story arcs but the final few episodes right their wrong and gave us the most shocking cliffhanger that lasted for 25 years due to it's cancellation. Twin Peaks isn't for everybody. You'll either really love it or hate it. It can be confusing at times, It can be slow and a lot of times, it doesn't make sense but that's what makes this series what it is and it wouldn't be the same if David Lynch, the man the myth, the legend wasn't a part of it. A must watch though if you are a TV show buff. My brother introduced this show to me and I was instantly hooked. I binged both seasons one and two on Netflix and watched The Return online. Well worth the watch. It's funny, scary, dramatic, and just brilliant. Nice! Don't watch season 2017 year. Will ruin ur attitude and feelings to this TV Show. Back in the early 90s, before the X-files, this was the first series that I watched with growing excitement. And when I watched it recently again, the magic was still there. So good. And What a beautiful ladies! All of them. Show cancelations are a horrible thing, especially when it happens to shows that are criminally under-watched. While Twin Peaks thrived in its early days, the show failed to recapture the audience after the main story of Laura Palmer's murder was resolved. Unfortunately, this coincided with David Lynch taking the series deep into his own style of obscurity, and so ended the show altogether. However, the series has gained a cult following and will be revived for a series on Showtime in May, so in honor of its return, I thought I'd review or more or less react to watching the original series' run in 1990-1991. First off, I think it's difficult to even talk about the series if I'm not going to immediately establish just how strange the show is. It's got heart, humor, and intrigue, sure. But mostly, it has the downright "what the hell just happened?" moments that not quite any other show has. With that said, it feels like everything is Lynch's vision with the exception of having the limitations of a network's restrictions (which is part of the reason why a Showtime revival may be all he needs). The next thing you'll notice with Twin Peaks is the massive cast who are all incredibly talented. The show does a nice job of using all of the cast in various ways, but at times it did feel like the show was servicing the network instead of the other way around. In other words, sometimes the story lines of characters felt like they were forced into the show to make sure there was a certain amount of episodes. Nadine dating Mike, James & his run-in with Evelyn, Ben's fascination with the Civil War, and basically everything else that happens relating to the mill. Heck, even David Lynch's loud Gordon Cole character feels completely irrelevant to the story. But the show does know how to turn the heads of its audience. Lynch's vision and unique aesthetic for the show is unmatched. As is Kyle MacLachlan's Agent Dale Cooper. Luckily, the (wtf) cliffhanger and the other loose ends will be addressed next month as Lynch finally gets to resolve the questions and plot lines he left us pondering with. It is my hope that Lynch isn't as beholden to studio needs this time around, but I also hope he keeps the balance between terrifying drama, surrealism, and offbeat comedy.<br/><br/>8.5/10 I've first seen this show ten years ago when i was a teenager but i must say that since then i haven't seen any show as good as this one. It is smart, scary, unforgettable ! The atmosphere is just unique. It is not a Tv show, it is not a movie, it is just a piece of art !<br/><br/>This show also introduced wonderful actors. Kyle MacLachlan of course but also some brilliant actresses such as Lara Flynn Boyle, Sheryl Lee and especially Sherilyn Fenn. I think these actresses are just as beautiful as they are talented. Unfortunately they did not have the careers they deserve. I am especially thinking of Sherilyn. When i saw her in the show, i really thought she was going to become a huge star. She did some great performances on movies but nobody seemed to realize her potential.<br/><br/>Just watch Twin Peaks, this show is a work of art and there is no critics able to describe its power. When i saw the Pilot episode of TP for the first time I felt like jumping out of my skin. It was so melancholy, so compelling, and it was the most perfect piece of television i've ever seen! The acting, the mood, the music, the editing, the scenery. the metaphors.What more can anyone ask for? The greatest thing about TP is the mystery of woods surrounding. The Intros by the Log Lady for BRAVO! televison give more insight on the mysteries of TP. Overall, Episode two is when the series really broke through. The first 17-18 Episodes were the most daring and original in Television history. It was so much more interesting than anything else out there. Not even 8 years of the X-Files can make up for even 2-3 episodes of TP. After the Laura Palmer Mystery was solved, the show died off for a little bit. Then after Episode 23 it became much more suspenseful. I still enjoy the last two episodes more than the rest.Its too bad we never really found out what happened to Cooper in the Red Room. Its a really slow paced story that cannot live up to todays fast paced television. Stopped watching after 30 min into the pilot. My impressions so far: Constantly boring music with some bad acting and no story. Overwhelmingly weird especially towards the latter part of the second season. The acting is good, but over exaggerated to emphasize the creep factor in everyone. The storyline itself was compelling, and it made me want to keep watching. The characters had depth and were well acted. However, a lot of weird tangents went on, and the supernatural aspect went overboard in the final episode. Twin Peaks is the best cult series ever. The characters are great the dancing dwarf,killer Bob the Log lady and so on; plus the dreamy music is wonderful . The whole story is high schooler Laura Palmer is murdered by her father Leland who is possessed by killer Bob who lives in Laura's dreams.When Laura's body is found dead, wrapped in plastic, the local sheriff calls in Special Agent Dale Cooper who soon finds out that the small town Twin Peaks is not as innocent as it seems.With help from the dwarf , the giant and the waiter Cooper unravels the truth about Laura Palmer and the Black and the White Lodge . This series are so boring, so clichÃ© and so slow that I really don't know why does it has 8.8/10. My guess is that it had that score in the 90s and no one more watched it until now. I can't think of one recent series that are worst than this. I am really disappointed.<br/><br/>Would not recommend, would not even speak of it. 1/10 This is by far the best I've ever watched and is easily a rank 10.
The surrealism that is twin peaks, the characters created, the music score and the story line is truly the most original piece ever made in my opinion.
It's hard to argue otherwise.
Even many philosophical phrases here are absolutely true ; "Always tell the truth. The hardest first." - On how to be truly happy.
So much good to learn here about humanity and still being entertained. It's rare. Very rare. "Twin Peaks" is not a show for everybody. This isn't really a criticism...more an indication that the style of the program and the plot is something that the average viewer won't like or appreciate...but many others will. This is because the show is ultra-bizarre and often surreal--with strange dreams, visions, plots that go off the deep end with oddness and more. Believe me...it's among the strangest TV shows ever made...like the later episodes of "The Prisoner"...but weirder. <br/><br/>What did I like about it? Well, the show's music was amazingly evocative and cool...really cool. The direction was often exquisite...well crafted and distinctive. I really appreciated it from the onset. Acting was generally good, though the show had a million and one subplots apart from the murder of Laura Palmer...and a few of the characters and their stories were both unnecessary and boring (such as Bobby Briggs). All in all, a highly uneven show (later ones got a bit too weird at times) but one of the most creative ever made. Worth seeing if you have a high threshold for the ultra-odd. Nothing else on TV comes even close to the unique experience that is Twin Peaks. These remastered bs just makes up things that just werent there! Truly it's a masterpiece. Lynch's story telling style was always mesmerizing and so many emotions in 18 episodes.please do watch it. Although my wife and I favor classic detective series like "The Bridge", we found Twin Peaks to be a decent detective series with a superb cast of eccentric and humorous characters. We really enjoyed it although the ending was a downer. We would like to give it a 7.7, but are forced to give it an 8.0. "Twin Peaks" was the strangest prime-time soap opera of all time. Its die-hard fans (including me) were fascinated by the residents of this town in the northwestern corner of the U.S.A. A re-viewing nearly thirty years on show parts of it still stand up, some parts work if you push them, and parts are woefully inadequate.<br/><br/>Touted at its 1990 premiere as the groundbreaking show of the 1990s (two months into that decade). Yet it seems quaint even for those days, since no one in the show has a cell phone (Agent Cooper talks on a huge voice recorder that might be mistaken for one). No one has heard of DVDs or the Internet. Office workers and people at home almost all use typewriters. Instead of being the groundbreaking 1990s show it closed the door on all that had come before; as Debussy said of Wagner, "Twin Peaks" was a glorious sunset mistaken for a dawn.<br/><br/>The series' primary conceit, the murder of Laura Palmer, is really a clothesline to hang out all Twin Peaks' washing of the town of Twin Peaks. Laura herself is an impossible dynamo. A beautiful, strong-willed Prom queen, she was a full-time high school student working at a perfume counter at a Department Store; on the side she helped with an immigrant improve her English, worked with an adult who had the mind of the child, and organized and worker in the local "Meals on Wheels" program. She was balancing two boyfriends (in a simple role-reversal, a rebellious teen who was captain of the football team, and on the other side an almost too-sensitive biker). Laura was also a cocaine addict, she worked with an immigrant to improve her English, worked with an adult with the mind of a child, and was a prostitute in a Canadian bordello. Talk about time management! These details were given out in dribs and drabs, so when the show ran it was easy to miss their collective ramifications, which was part of the series' macabre humor.<br/><br/>Laura Palmer's murder was the tightrope of the main storyline, and its unfolding is just as powerful today (unlike "Who shot J.R.?") Yet the series was really about the town and its soap-opera denizens, with the creators' twisted, often grisly, humor paramount. And here's where the series flags.<br/><br/>Laura Palmer's murder sparked "Twin Peaks" but that story could, like chewing gum, be stretched out only so long. And while it had several storylines in place, including some that were of great moment (the vanishing of Major Briggs, the defrocking of Agent Cooper, etc) the series had not started anything nearly with the intrigue of Laura Palmer's murder. Nevertheless, it ground on, throwing hopeful straws in the wind, until only a few "TP" lunatics like me remained in its dwindling audience.<br/><br/>The worst: Most of the women in Twin Peaks are ravishingly lovely, but the writers make only the guys bizarre. It's like they lacked the guts to make lovely women weird. Only weird-looking women were allowed to be weird (like the Log Lady; or Nadine, she of the eye patch, whose post-suicide-attempt story is ridiculous and embarrassing. The there's the silly string about who is the father of Lucy's baby. Lucy and Andy are characters we've come to care about, but the show's darker comedy makes it all look facile. Then there's the need for Lynch and his acolyte directors to focus on the disgusting things in life, like drizzling people or folks with cake smeared on their faces, or boys in tuxedos holding creamed corn in cupped hands. Yuck. Repulsiveness just for the sake of it.<br/><br/>The best: Lynch stalwart Kyle McLachlan's invariably cheerful Agent Dale Cooper. Both incisive and very funny, in these days when the FBI has spies infiltrating the camps of presidential candidates they don't want elected, it's nice to see an idealized agent who upholds honor and good old American decency, though I suspect Lynch and Frost were being sarcastic about him. Michael Ontkean's sheriff is, like Andy Taylor before him, a fine anchor in a silly town. <br/><br/>SPOILERS: And then there are the bizarre touches that still work to evoke a giggle. Like Waldo's assassination (if you don't know Waldo I'll only say he's a key witness to a murder plot). Major Briggs' touching yet hilarious pontificating still resonates. And there's the anti-Scooby-Doo theme that when real teens involve themselves in serious investigations, serious consequences occur (as with Audrey at Jack's, and the painful betrayal of Harold Smith).<br/><br/>Despite having much going for it, "TP" started with a bang but devolved into a curiosity of diminishing returns. <br/><br/>Disclaimer: My home town had about a hundredth of Twin Peaks' 50,000-odd residents (very odd, some of them) so I bring a different perspective to it than city slickers who think anyone who doesn't want to live in NYC or LA is ipso facto nuts. Parts of the small town ambience ring true but most is hokum. And I grew up on property with 40 acres of woods, so to me the woods is a place of happiness and wonder rather than dark mystery and hidden threat. It's the dwellers of small dens in valleys of glass and concrete where the sunlight rarely shines, who are strange and unnatural to me. But "TP" kept me enthralled anyway during it's first run, though parts of it bore me now and I fast-forward through some storylines. When it comes to television there are many shows you can call classic. There is also shows you can call influential. Most of all there is very few shows you can call groundbreaking. "Twin Peaks" happens to be all that however its also a show that went off the rails fast. <br/><br/>Season 1 every episode was great. There was something in every episode that was jaw dropping. Season 1 was also "Not as popular" as you think it was. The first episode was. That was the 2 hour feature length pilot. It aired on Sunday Night. The next 6 episodes aired on Thursday's at 9.<br/><br/>It was a tough time slot. It aired opposite "Cheers". The first weeks episode was highly rated. However the next 5 weeks the show kept losing viewers. Things looked "Murky" for another Season. The last episode was moved to the 10:00 pm time slot on Wednesday! Mark Frost had to push ABC into letting him know about another season. He didn't want a cliffhanger. He was going to solve the mystery if it wasn't renewed! He was editing the final episode up to the last minute. The show was only picked up for another season because FOX (and possibly a cable channel) was interested in picking up the show. The final episode of season 1 did win its only Wednesday Night time slot. Things were looking great for the shows 2nd year. Because it won its Wednesday Night Time Slot everyone was shocked that ABC schedule the show for Saturday Night at 9:00 for the 2nd Season. Everyone thought it would play on Wednesday at 10:00. However what people seem to forget that episode still had 50% less viewers than the pilot episode. Thus the problems for season 2. <br/><br/>When Season 2 aired each episode kept losing viewers. ABC forced the creators of the show to "Solve" the mystery of "Who Killed Laura Palmer". The show fell apart after that. The next 6 episodes were a mess! There was no longer a mystery. When the show found its footing again it was too late. A last ditch effort to save the show. ABC re-scheduled the show back to Thursdays at 9:00. However not only did "Twin Peaks" have compete with "Cheers" there was a new show on FOX that was getting the young crowd. That show was "Beverly Hills 90210". "Twin Peaks" ended up being the lowest rated show ever (up to that time) in that time slot. ABC canceled the show. The final 2 episodes aired as a movie on Monday Night after the television season was over.<br/><br/>The show was great in Season 2 until they solved the mystery. After that it was just another soap and not a very good one at that. <br/><br/>The final episode (Directed by David Lynch) was great. However it did end on a cliffhanger. That cliffhanger was left unsolved until 2017. <br/><br/>In all if you have never seen the show you should. Watch the television shows then "Fire Walk With Me". I loved "Fire Walk With ME". To me that was much better than any of the season 2 episodes!<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong season 2 is still good television. Its far better than the shows that ABC puts on today. Its just that the 2nd season had to compete with the 1st season. Even 26 years later Season 3 of "Twin Peaks" is still competing with season 1