The Crown boasts no action sequences or big movie stars, and yet it is one of the most expensive shows of all time. Why? Because of the sheer attention to detail. Aside from the fully historically accurate costumes and locations, the show is just gorgeous to look at. The lighting, the cinematography, and everything else visual about it is on point. It's quite apparent none of that money went to waste.<br/><br/>The show doesn't just look gorgeous, though. It is also compelling, well written, and well performed. In fact, almost every element is perfectly executed, which means that no single one stands out above the rest, but rather they work in harmony. And that is the show's greatest success; the fact that it all comes together smoothly into a neat, binge-able, high quality package.<br/><br/>Mind you, the reason I enjoy the Crown so much is that I knew what to expect when I went into it. This is NOT a fast-paced, action-packed, edge-of-your-seat experience. It is a character drama about the royal family. It runs at a slow pace. Yet it is gripping all the same. <br/><br/>That's why it is so good to know that Netflix made such a large investment in this series; they're taking chances and funding original and unusual things in an era when Hollywood is afraid to do anything that isn't already an existing intellectual property. I hope that the Crown blows up like Stranger Things. I hope it gets all the attention it deserves. I just watched the first two episodes and I already am in love with the story and characters! The acting is excellent as well as the directing, story line, costumes, sets, filming locations and everything else that has gone into the making of this series. It is well written and filmed and I am looking forward to seeing the remaining episodes. I have always been fascinated with history and this series takes you back in time. It has such powerful emotion and a lot of surprises which held my interest tremendously. So far, the episodes I saw went by quickly with me wanting to see more. If you are a history buff or interested in the Royal Family, don't miss this! It is a down to earth version of their lives and responsibilities. And so far, there are many things I did not know or appreciate. Definitely a learning experience and thank you for such a beautiful story! This is an addition to my previous post- I am now on episode 9 and if there aren't any awards for acting, I will be extremely surprised. John Lithgow's portrayal of Winston Churchill is award winning as well as Claire Foy playing the Queen. All of the acting is superb in my opinion and I don't want this series to end... Where to start is very difficult when it comes to what I can only describe as an amazing feat of production and acting. The cast are absolutely outstanding and are nothing but professional.<br/><br/>You can tell a lot of effort has been put into the research and accuracy of the story line. The attention to detail also has to be credited.<br/><br/>I can't find a fault and believe me I've tried. Having watched previous biopics/Dramas regarding royalty I will have to put this at the Top and that is including The Queen which again I would rate at 10/10.<br/><br/>In summery a must watch if you are looking for a great piece of production and a stimulating story line. I would recommend this to anyone. I never thought that I would feel sorry for Prince Charles until I watch s3 ep6 Regardless of what you may think of the Royals Netflix has poured a ton of money into this exquisite production about the life of Queen Elizabeth. It is a show which requires fixed attention as things progress at a unhurried pace. The opening musical evolution is enchanting and never grows old. Actress Claire Foy is beautifully riveting in the role of Elizabeth; someone who wants to have a normal life and yet is made to feel her duty as Queen should be the highest priority. It has been suggested the Queen is warm, has a sense of humor, is compassionate and this portrayal conveys it. She is wise enough to realize she's going to have to forge her own way as those around her are stymied in their own limitations or ignorance. John Lithgow transforms into Winston Churchill and is equally stellar. Their scenes together are superb. If Peter Morgan's research is accurate I can fully appreciate how Princess Diana must have felt. The show is rounded out by a wonderful supporting cast. This show is my favorite Netflix production so far. Every so often a drama comes along that takes away your breath. Sometimes that's subjective, other times objective. Dramas such as The Jewel in the Crown, The West Wing, Game of Thrones, House of Cards, Downton Abbey, House M.D. have all stood at the pinnacle of television drama.<br/><br/>The Crown is right up there at the very top. It is outstanding in every way: faultless. From brilliant dramatisation to acting to score to cinematography: everywhere you look it commands.<br/><br/>Watch it. You won't regret it. You will remember one of those television 'moments' that come along all too rarely. To be very honest, when a friend told me we should watch the crown, a series about Queen Elizabeth ll life, i was not excited, im normally not a very good person to start watching a new series. However, so glad i watched this. Me and my friend watched 3 episodes, and i watched the rest on my own, latter that day. <br/><br/>The series is exciting, fast past, amazing cast, beautifully shot, beautiful costumes. Besides all that, The Crown , have made me look with another eyes to the royal family, specially Queen Elizabeth, to be honest i did not know much about her personal life . The series shows the struggle of the royal family, and make us realise they are all people in the end, with their problems and feelings. <br/><br/>I truly hope they will make another season, to continue this extraordinary show. Thanks Netflix. I have never written a review / add comments, but this time I feel I should.
Season 1 and 2 were brilliant, but at watching season 3, my wife and I got really bored at times. The acting of Olivia Colman was soo totally different, it 'killed' the grandeur Claire Foy brought in the first two seasons.
In fact, we more or less assumed this season would be the last one...
But just read that Claire will back in season 4 - hopefully she is well paid now...
I am sure Olivia Colman is a great actress, but in our opinion, not in this role.<br/><br/>* It seems when rating season 3 (5/10) - I'll be rating all seasons as well. By season 3, the series has kept a high level of professionalism, acting, and story even when they changed every single actor !! Such an extraordinary series !! Probably one of the finest series currently streaming, with breathtaking cinematography, well developed stories and character arcs, with an astonishing cast. Olivia Colman replaced the great Claire Foy with brilliance, and the whole cast does an excellent job at portraying the characters, both in seasons 1/2 and the newly cast season 3. The amazing thing about the show is that, at the same time, the stories and people are portrayed as epic and down to earth. Nuanced and extravagant. I loved every single minute of it and I hope it continues for a very long time. I watched with bated breath as Olivia Coleman took over from Claire Foy. Coleman embodies a mature Elizabeth, one who is calcified into a Royal with a stoic countenance, dowdy wardrobe, and a hint of what the crown has given and cost her.<br/><br/>What really blew me away was the lavish attention to detail and period. The public and private spaces are painted in luscious colors, the furniture upholstered with richly hued brocade (so are the women come to think of it). The salons and libraries decorated with massive wood furniture. It's not comfortable - you can almost feel the drafty cold circulating throughout the palace, but it is a showstopper. No wonder they wore wool sweaters and tartan wool suits while lounging about. This is a great series, and for older Brits (Baby boomers), the historical significance is stunning. The first series of actors did an excellent job, and now we are into the second series, and the acting just got better and better!<br/><br/>Olivia Coleman is brilliant, as usual. The episode on the Welsh disaster in Aberfan was so well done and very sad. I intend to watch this many times as it is of high quality. I wish all TV were this good and such a high standard.<br/><br/>Binge it! The Crown is one of the fascinating dramas I have watched in very recent of times. First off, the show itself is a bit slow paced but nevertheless, it generates enough amount of suspense over the episodes. The Crown may lack the twist and turning of events than many other historical dramas, but the flawless direction and impeccable acting of its actors do not allow its audiences get disappointed. Secondly, the grandeur of the show is something of a treat to the sore eyes. Netflix has not been so frugal in the making of the show and it has paid them off every penny. The costume and the furnishing of the show within are scintillating. Lastly, this show is a great history lesson for all the viewers, particularly the ones who are of younger generations. It is mostly based on true events, so that is indeed a stand-out fact of the show. Though there were some moments where it seemed a little bit exaggerated but considering its genre as a TV series, that is reasonable. The Crown has allowed its viewers to peek what lies behind the royal curtains and taught a significant truth that a royal born doesn't necessarily get to evade all the personal tribulations that all the other commoners go through. They share just as same values as the other citizens of the country. The actress playing the queen for the first two seasons is just tremendous. She knows how to tell a story in expressions without talking. Same goes for multiple people who were cast for the first two season, all great casts. All of the sudden the cast is changed and the clear British talks and expressions turn into mumbles and expressionless/forced faces. Such a shame. Just make the old cast look old and all wouldve been amazing as it were. Just started watching this and thought it was great.. Well it was, it was fantastic for the first 2 seasons then they screwed up casting by choosing a rather too old figure for a 39 yo Queen.. IMO.. She looks like 49 or even 59 yo.. I started to loose the appetite to continue after 4 episodes of seasons 3.. I almost didn't watch S. 3 at all when I heard Foy was out and Colman was in. Frankly, it's a different show. Colman is completely miscast. In a major way, it's her appearance but it's also her acting. You get the feeling there's a soulfulness she's fighting down deep, but with Foy you didn't have that and it was just more Right for a queen. I can't explain it she's just not good in this role. Foy had that royal stoicness was about her, Colman is too clunky. The overwrought Ep. 3, which could have been so powerful if not for Colman's performance. The beginning was excellent then the Queen appears and it's ruined. The ending of that episode was just plain bad- predictable and fake.<br/><br/>The writing seems to have suffered some too.<br/><br/>I adore Helena Bonham Carter but again her appearance also is so distracting. She's a completely different character. The previous Margaret was So Much Better and I keep comparing her to the old one as I watch. It honestly makes it difficult to concentrate on what's going on!<br/><br/>All I can say is, yes, I'll see it to the end despite my extreme disappointment with the change of actresses.<br/><br/>It's not as noticeable with Prince Phillip, but agewise all 3 previous actors could have been made up to age. It's 15 years later but this Queen and Margaret look 30+ years older! Colman looks nothing like Queen E 2 and in addition both Bonham Carter and Colman have deep-set dark brown eyes it's just not surmountable even if the acting was 1000 percent and it's just not.
Just so terribly miscast. A shame.
Every episode I watch I'm thinking: if only.... It's good, but I'm still adjusting t Olivia Colman as the Crown. Season 3 was just nit as exciting to me. Is still a great show though This show ticked all the boxes in seasons 1 and 2. The change of cast spoilt it for me (much like my fellow reviewees). I would totally love to see season 3 remade with the original cast. Thoroughly enjoyed the third season of the crown no expense seems to have been spared with surroundings and costumes acting fantastic make up incredible actors really do look like the Royals Why, why, why did they think they needed to change the whole staff?! I was very invested in the actors from 1&2 and then everyone is gone! And these new ones don't even resemble the others at all!! Whoever thought this was a good idea is crazy! Lost another viewer! The Crown series 1 & 2 is an outstanding production with outstanding actors that respected how important their part for " The Crown " was, however I cannot understand why they are changing the actors for the third series. This I fear is a very bad move Clare Foy and Matt Smith and other close relative's should have just aged and because of this may be a major error to the production and loose the audience . I wil always see this as a documentary because of the brilliant costly research that went into this. Well done Netflix producers for an outstanding production so far. The Crown is almost one of the best period movies ( or better say, series of movies ) ever made. It defines the quality of historic period film making with every aspect. The casting is superior, the cinematography is outstanding, the thoughtfully written script just fixes you to the chair and you cannot stop yourself for several hours to watch it through. I personally watched it all twice to digest all the details prepared for the audience. I must admit The Crown easily made me a Netflix fan & a paid member after a quick glimpse at the trailer. A fortune is spent but worth every penny. Thanks to the producers, the amazing directors and the wonderful cast. I am a huge fan of The Crown. Seasons 1 and 2 were outstanding, as was the job done by Claire Foy and Matt Smith. Obviously the new cast was going to take some warming up to. The biggest and most glaring problem is Olivia's brown eyes. Everyone on the planet knows that the queens eyes are blue. If you're going to go to the trouble of trying to make the actors look like their roles, even changing the cast every two years to keep up with the aging, then you should not get something so basic as eye colour so wrong. Aside from that, Olivia and Tobias are alright. Hopefully I'll warm up to them as time goes on. The other big glaring difference is that we've gone from 2 full season of episodes between 55 and 60 minutes long to about 45 minutes. I'm pretty sure that there is no shortage of material to write about so it must be about budget. Since my Netflix fee has gone up by $6.00 per month in just a few years, maybe they could afford to give me drama series episodes 60 minutes long. There are a lot of things i like with season 3. Most of it is good. The stories, the characters, the actors.<br/><br/>Colman is a good actor, no doubt about it. She played the part really well.<br/><br/>The problem for me is:<br/><br/>Claire Foy played the part like she was born to do it. I've never seen anything like it on tv.<br/><br/>20 hours of portraying Elizabeth II made Claire Foy the real queen in a young age for so many of us.<br/><br/>And the fact is; Every actor who comes next needs to portray Claire Foy. Not The Queen. This holds the place as my favorite show of all time above Game of Thrones, Westworld, and Stranger Things which are all phenomenal shows. What sets this one apart for me is the atmosphere. The Crown recreates every lush, cramped, decadent, simple, and moody atmosphere you would expect to fill the history of Buckingham Palace and Balmoral Castle. Everything from the bush of Northern Australia to the royal stables is perfectly captured and rich with authenticity.
On top of this, each actor leaves it all on the screen, delivering breathtaking performances. The acting is so good, in fact, that there is palpable tension in every scene simply due to the sheer amount of talent at play.
The writers also deserve thorough recognition for their pitch-perfect dialogue. Never once throughout the series did I feel jolted from the story by a piece of bad writing. On the contrary, the writing is so on-point that much is conveyed without even being directly addressed by the characters.
Certainly worth your while! Don't even hesitate. You will be pondering the show and its merits for a long while after seeing it.... Struggling to bond with Olivia, she just cant keep the pathos out of those big brown eyes and Elizabeth has none.<br/><br/>NONE...!!! she is very good all the same.<br/><br/>Am liking the Season a lot. The cast are all good, Alice Ann Margaret and esp love Charles and Wilson .. Ive just finished ep 7 and looking fwd to the rest, and to Season 4. Fantastic achievement. The Crown is simply a brilliant piece of television. It's one of the most expensive shows ever made and you can tell because the production and attention to detail is amazing. I originally put off watching this because I thought it was a show aimed from women but I couldn't have been more wrong. It is for everyone! Even when they changed the main characters in Season 3 because of the time jump it didn't lose a beat. Both Claire Foy and Olivia Colman both lead amazing casts who all deserve all the praise this show gets! I love the writing and the characters. Wasn't sure I'd want to watch all the way through. I feel connected now Claire Foy was absolutely on point as the Queen in Season 1 and 2. Why mess with that? They totally could have altered her appearance to age her. I love HBC but I don't see her as Princess Margaret.... This season is so dreadfully slow and lacking in any momentum.<br/><br/>What a disappointment Taking place in the 20th century, 1947 to be precise. King George VI is coughing up blood and is drawing his last breath. Mean while Queen Elizabeth is to be wed to Philip Mountbatten. When she is blindsided by George's demise. She's left in awe, as she has no education to lead her people. As her ascension was not predicted to happen in the near future. Realizing the predicament she is in. She struggles to keep her people in line while trying to comprehend the overwhelming responsibilities she must bare. With the weight of her country on her shoulders she must knuckle down and take a step forward to embrace her influence. Produced by Peter Morgan, who is know for penning the overzealous "The Queen(2006)". You can tell that no expense was spared, as the series has an estimated budget of one hundred million pounds, the show enraptures you with it's glorious visuals and stupendous costumes. <br/><br/>The actors, are strong in there respective fields, especially Jared Harris who delivers the performance of his career as King George VI. On top of all this, Hans Zimmer and Rupert Gregson-Williams scored the soundtrack. Which should tell you the talent that is behind this epic series. Netflix has truly outdone themselves. Oh my, i just love this programme. Just finished season 3 and whilst yes i enjoyed the previous 2 seasons this one is by far the very best.
Olivia Coleman is an absolutely splendid Queen Elizabeth and i really cannot shout that loud enough. I have always loved & respected our Queen immensely and the chance to get to know her just a little bit better makes my heart happy.
Thank you Olivia, in my opinion this is your absolute best work to date. I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.
I am gutted its finished, what am i going to watch for the next year! While I loved the first two seasons, I'm a bit disappointed with season 3. I didn't find it as exciting and engaging as the previous two, and mostly I felt really... removed from the Queen. There were very few personal episodes and scenes that really centered around her. Sure she was on screen a lot, but mostly as a participant in someone else's inner/outer conflicts. What I loved so much about the first two seasons was how much we got into the Queen's headspace, her struggle with her role, her sister, her husband, how she was trying to find her footing with government officials, as a woman, as a queen, etc... Now my feeling was that she really 'managed to disappear while wearing the crown', as Margaret had put it.
My other main issue was of course the replacement of the whole cast. Initially I was very disappointed that we're going to lose Claire and Matt and Vanessa Kirby, all of whom I had grown very much to love in their roles, and they were doing phenomenal jobs of course. Then I was a bit excited seeing all the great names involved, I love and respect Olivia Colman, Tobias Menzies is an incredibly colorful actor, Helena is one of my favorite actresses since Fight Club, and I love, worship, adore Charles Dance of course :) It was also interesting because I never watched a show before where the entire cast was changed between seasons. But sadly, I don't think this experiment worked. They all did very remarkable performances, Tobias Menzies was in particular very good as-Matt Smith-as-Prince Philip, but none of this seemed to matter. I kept missing the original cast. I couldn't drown that little twinge of constant disappointment when I saw Olivia and not Claire. When you put a character into an other actor's body, it simply isn't the same character anymore, and the wonderful first cast was a very big reason in us all falling in love with The Crown.
It also irritates me, because we didn't even jump that much ahead in time yet. They could have easily aged up the actors a little, a lot of shows have actors playing decades younger/older characters then themselves. With a little makeup and styling and practical effects they could have easily sold us the original actors as older versions of themselves. Instead everybody felt way too old all of a sudden, particulary Lord Mountbatten, who was a man in his prime and now is suddenly kind of ancient. And why did they have to reacast Michael Adeane, who was oldish to begin with? I didn't even know that was him (and Charteris) until some stray subtitle gave them away.
And I know it's a small and probably silly thing to mentoin, but the eyecolors of the new Queen and Margaret bothered me more and more with each episode. I got so used to those striking blue eyes, that their new doe-eyedness jolted me out of the story even more.
The show is of course still top-quality television, the aforementioned mistakes and faults notwithstanding, but once we're given perfection we'll expect perfection and season 3 fell short for me in that regard. To be honest, I never cared much about the UK or the Queen but after watching the first two seasons I now have great respect for Her Majesty and what she endured.
PS: I will not watch the third season as I most certainly be disappointed. 10 stars for the effort, idea and what it is.<br/><br/>Critic:
The most disturbing music direction I have ever witnessed in TV series.<br/><br/>Epic music for Duck Shooting?
Hans Zimmer and Zimmerish music for The Crown? Is this Dan Brown?<br/><br/>Fear and suspense in every episode?
Are our lives in constant fear?<br/><br/>I started enjoying the music in S2E5, when it made sense and synchronised. Yes, it really is. Of course I'm talking about the shows, movies and even documentaries made about the Royals of UK. I've never seen any other show that could make 20th century UK Royal Family more interesting than this. Characters are perfectly portrayed and the whole show is perfectly shot, the story is perfectly told. Sure not the best series ever but one of the best series ever in its' own category. Anybody can watch this with interest. Just flawless. The Crown has been a great series since the beginning. It is sad to read so much ageism coming from reviewers. As a Brit I was factually aware of most of the historical events. However it opened my eyes on a couple of points. How the Queen broke a pledge she made to her father and sister, I really felt for Margret how she was treated regarding Peter Townsend if you take into consideration how Harry had the red carpet rolled out for Megan. Also I never thought I would have any sympathy for Charles until I watched how badly he was treated especially in his adolescence. The series is very well made and in my opinion was factually accurate. Enjoyable watch I look forward to season four especially because princess Diane comes on the scene. What i believe make this show so great can be seen in the intro theme song alone. the music itself its beautiful (its Hans zimmer which says enough) and the shots are all beautiful but what makes it great and what makes the show great is how it shows the enormous scale whilst focusing on extremely minor things. throughout the show we get this feeling of magnitude and how every single little move made my the queen and those surrounding her can have astronomical impacts on the nation, other nations, the world perhaps. in the intro sequence technically we are focusing on a some gold, a piece of jewellery and without context it seems like nothing extraordinary but the music, the shots, in short the film making, and the fact that it is the crown makes it feel grand and epic and awesome. that is the crown. technically, we are following a family and more specifically one woman but the music, the shots, in short the film making really makes us feel like it is an experience, a magnifecent story, with epic scale and larger than life characters.a show fit for a queen. It is the best historical drama in recent years. It's great. The people in the royal family are also ordinary people. The Queen also has the struggle and growth of ordinary people. She must also balance the royal power and the individual. She also has the father's love and the prince who does not want to stand behind her wife. But the best one is the former king who gave up his throne and became a little sad. And all of this happened in the era when the glory of the British Empire gradually disappeared. I am against the institution of the Royal family. However, I believe this amazing drama, goes beyond that. Yes, there is massive poetic licence. Yes, I am sure most of the information was untrue. This is feature series, it's normal! But everything is fantastic. Thanks a lot for this show and thanks and thanks... The Crown is television at its most compelling. The lead performances from Claire Foy and Matt Smith in the first two seasons are perfect, and strong performances continue in Season 3. Not every episode is perfect and history is a secondary priority to the show so don't take it as fact. But it paints the picture well, capturing the feel of its subject and telling a great overrall story. Its consistently good to outstanding and well worth a watch.<br/><br/>Season 1:
The best of the show so far is in its beginning. The story of how Elizabeth rises to the throne and its first challenges is the most compelling and utterly captivating tv. The wedding opens the series beautifully. The death of the king is moving and packs a punch. The look at Churchill in this season too is great. It's pretty much perfect, particularly those first two episodes.<br/><br/>Season 2:
The weakest point of the show but still strong. Season 2 lacks momentum or a sense of strong direction, seeming to bounce around aimlessly. The first season was driven by Elizabeth becoming a queen. The second season builds on what came before but without the same sense of purpose, and certain episodes feel like they're inserted in. The episodes are still strong though and the performances, particularly Claire Foy, are stunning.<br/><br/>Season 3:
Season 3 feels like a new start due to the new cast. Tobias Menzies replaced Matt Smith as Philip and fills the role absolutely perfectly. Olivia Colman, taking over from Claire Foy, is a very good Elizabeth but doesn't quite live up to the high standard set by Foy over the last two seasons. She is also hindered by sometimes unsympathetic writing. Charles and Anne also take centre stage now and by the end of the season it looks like Charles could be set to be the new main character.
The season takes a more episodic approach with almost each episode feeling like it could be its own standalone special. The whole thing feels somehow bigger, grander. It's a new feel but it works excellently for the Crown. The portrayal of Harold Wilson, the increfibly moving Aberfan episode, and Prince Charles' journey (particularly in Wales) are the highlights of the season. I like the layout (just don't consider it as absolute truth), the sound of pure English language formally spoken and I bow in front of Tobias Menzies.Once more ..well ,he is a king of acting and his voice is just divine .Long live this king... The first season was absolutely beautiful. Then it got bit slowed down. Performance, script, research... Every thing has been awesome. My position on the Monarchy has always been benign indifference. I don't hate them, I don't collect plates with their faces on. They exist in the background of my life, with little relevance to it, and do not require or provoke much in the way of a personal opinion from me. So when episode one started because Netflix thinks it needs to make choices in my life that I am not necessarily okay with it making, I only began watching because my hands were full and I couldn't turn it off. By the time that episode ended, I'd texted my husband that we'd be watching The Crown that night, so I didn't end up a mad number of episodes ahead of him when he finally caved and started watching it, too.<br/><br/>The first, immediate impression is how well it works as a period(s) piece. All the pageantry and mannerisms keep the royals seemingly rooted in the past, but outside the palace the atmosphere rarely belies the unfolding events. The second effect was being unaccountably heartbroken to realise we wouldn't get much of King George VI, as portrayed by Jared Harris (and later, equally delighted that he had a couple more episodes and decent flashback cameos).<br/><br/>The series isn't perfect, there are moments when it's like watching a soap opera with royalty in it... but the casting, atmosphere, attention to detail and choice of focus of events have been absolutely on point. But from the moment John Lithgow turns up as Winston Churchill, you abandon the idea of marathoning The Good Place for a second time, and quietly surrender to the inevitability of 3 seasons of watching something both strangely familiar and oddly outlandish. I am still not a Royalist, but I am a good deal better informed about my country's political history and the context between it and the royal household, and more likely to remember there are actual humans behind the headlines. The Crown is certainly a beautiful drama. There was no expense spared in replicating some iconic scenes. But from the first episode onward, there are some significant historic inaccuracies that detract from the production.<br/><br/>The most grievous is in the way the writers frame the roles of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor. For one thing, it's clearly documented that she fled England before his abdication. She did not sit by his side while he gave the abdication speech. She was in France, sobbing her eyes out.<br/><br/>And, she only met Queen Mary once, at a ball, and only for a moment. However, she took steps to heal the rift, and the Queen famously added a PS to a letter saying, "I send a kind message to your wife." By the 1950s, there was barely any contact between the Palace and the Windsors. They were off in Paris or in New York, and there were no circumstances under which he would have been an adviser to the Queen. This is all fabricated.<br/><br/>Also, one of the writers must have it in for the Queen Mother, because her portrayal is nothing like the friendly, fun loving woman that she was. She's almost unrecognizable.<br/><br/>My advice to anyone watching is to consider this as "inspired by" the life of the Queen, but by no means take it as fact. Plot summary: A shy young woman, descended from a long line of hardworking German immigrants, doesn't feel quite ready to take over the family business. <br/><br/>The first season, scripted by the brilliant Peter Morgan ("The Queen"), covers only the first few years of the young queen's reign, and this big canvas, like a painting by Breughel or Bosch (but with nicer furniture!), allows for a tight focus on some tiny but revealing details; I especially liked the episode in which ER II, who's only been taught French, deportment and the British constitution, uses her expert knowledge of the latter to outfox the palace HR department (it's complicated) and hires a tutor to teach her, among other things, how the H-bomb works. <br/><br/>The cast is just about perfect, and Morgan's done an amazing job of bringing these remote, puppetlike figures (especially so for those of us who grew up during that era) to life in a convincing way. Over the course of ten episodes, we see Claire Foy's soft, expressive face transformed into an impassive mask of authority (perhaps the makeup artists deserve some credit here). Mike "Dr. Who" Smith is especially impressive as a slightly feral Prince Phillip, likewise Jared Harris as a menschy George VI, and John Lithgow (6′4˝) totally crushes it as a supersize Winston Churchill (5′6˝). <br/><br/>It's all pretty great. Most of the drama consists of intense two-shot interactions in overdecorated rooms, but there's plenty of royal pageantry, plus excursions to Kenya and Australia (both played by South Africa, btw) and various primo huntin', shootin' and fishin' spots. On to season two! We're eager to see if Princess Margaret really had it off with Jagger during the 60s! The Crown has absolutely been my favourite show. Acting, dialogue, writing, cinematography, ect., so it's so terribly disappointing to see the third season not live up to the standard. Great actors that I love are in the third, but it lacks the prestige the other two seasons had. There is something definitely missing now having the same actors. Could they not age them? Honestly the eye colours are completely different. Still a wonderful show, but slightly disappointed. Olivia Colman as Queen Elizabeth, Helena Bonham Carter as Margaret? Such bad casting. Olivia has a rough face and looks angry most of the time throughout the episodes. Helena Bonham Carter, although a great actress, doesn't do Margaret any justice at all (she doesn't look anything like Margaret)
The first two series were much better because of the actors. Series 3 has great topics but the actors were cast wrongly except the nun princess Alice and prince Charles. They were excellent. The Crown is a deep insight into a very public family's personal life. The entire production sets are as grand as one could imagine Buckingham Palace to be. I was quite taken by the casting of the characters, except for one, in season three. The character that disturbed me the most was that of Princess Marguerite. When we left season two, Princess Marguerite, who was featured heavily, was a picturesque beauty, played by Vanessa Kirby. Ms Kirby controlled the stage as she moved gracefully across camera catching the eye of every gentleman in the room.
Come season three Ms Kirby is replaced by a short, angry character, making one turn away in revulsion. Not only is she 5 inches shorter, but even the slightest feminine flare is non-existent. Ms Kirby's replacement, actress Helen Bonham Carter is a fine award winning actress and is amazing for the characters she takes on, but by no fault of her own, is miscast. Season two went out of its way to promote Marguerite's sensuality. It gave The Crown some much needed "Spice." It goes to show you how important casting the right actor can take a show to the next level, and then again, the wrong actor knock it down a notch...or two. Season One (2016) Breathtakingly elegant in its design and entrancingly complex in its character, it draws you in with brilliantly crafted drama and holds you with intricately layered performances. There's an atmosphere of overwhelming intensity which perfectly emphasises the unpreparedness of Foy's Elizabeth as she enters her new role and, while detractors will list their heightened knowledge of historical inaccuracies with the appropriate level of pomposity, it never claims to be a Wikipedia article. If you want pure history, watch a documentary.<br/><br/>Season Two (2017) Building upon the charming elegance of the first season, the follow-up thrusts the audience into a grim and uncertain atmosphere that perfectly captures post-Churchill England. The drama is heavier, the stakes are higher and the story unfolds in the deeply emotional performances at its heart, all of this intertwined in an air of regal splendour that's difficult not to love.<br/><br/>Season Three (2019) There is truly something to be said for the illusion of pitch perfect casting and it works well to this season's advantage, making it feel like the eight or ninth year we've followed the same cast of characters rather than the third with a cast change. However, while the third season boasts the same emotional and dramatic tension we've come to expect, some of the deepest drama and most stirring moments of its run in fact, what's missing is the majestic flourish of earlier episodes; its absense lifting the veil of awe and resplendence and letting the season pass without the fanfare of earlier years. I have quite enjoyed the crown and came to love the actor's portraying the royal family. However, such a big change from season 1-2 to season 3. I kind of wish they would have aged the original actors than replacing them. The Queen and Princess Margaret's eye colors changed from blue to brown. I understand the need to change, but not sure if removing the first cast was the way to go. I dipped into the first episode of this and found myself losing an entire weekend binge-watching the whole series.<br/><br/>A fantastic depiction of a young woman catapulted into one of the highest positions on earth and struggling to marry the detachment her position demands with her personal self.<br/><br/>Quite apart from the superb acting, magnificent settings, costumes and demeanour, this works merely as a deeply personal story of Elizabeth, Philip, Margaret, Peter, Churchill and many more...all depicted with honesty and precision. The scene where Churchill is forced to come to terms with his great age and frailty had me in tears. I also ached for Margaret and Peter.<br/><br/>It will be easy to dismiss this from a Republican standpoint, but for anyone else, it is mesmerizing. I loved Clair very much in this role.. and was afraid the new replacement wouldn't be the same quality.. totally I was wrong .. Olivia Coleman is such a great actress and added more depth to the character.. As magnificent as this series is, it's highly unlikely that anyone in the early 50's used the expressions, ' I just wanted to give you the heads up' or 'ticked all the boxes'.. I suppose I could stand corrected and I guess the writers did thorough research but what do I know ?, If Churchill dies in 1965, that would make the Queen 38, so why dies she look 50? I'm really not enjoying this season. The writing is nothing special and it makes the Queen seem like a dingbat! Don't enjoy the new cast! I feel the writers should have watched the many docs that have been shown throughout the years about the Queen! I have tried too write this a few times. I am against the institution of the Royal family. However, I believe this amazing drama, goes beyond that. Yes, there is massive poetic licence. Yes, I am sure most of the information was untrue. However, season 3 living and understanding a slight of the monarchy in the UK, it was so amazingly well acted. Olivia Coleman as always, is amazing. However serious hats off 2 Tobias McKenzie, wow. I actually don't care about the facts( as I am more than capable of finding them on my own), simple. Amazing show. Lets face it The Crown is not for everyone but anyone who loved the first two seasons will find the transition of an entire cast painless very quickly. Oliver Coleman , Helen Botham-Carter and most noticeably Tobias Menzies of GOT fame bring their special abilities to the major roles. The Series is a slice of History that continues to give us the viewers insights into the Royal Family and all those who intertwined with them. Season Three retains its breathtaking style and is not to be missed just because we miss Claire Foy. rich Series 3 is extremely good and I regret to say that it shows how faulty Series1 & 2 were. Prince Philip's role is played by a good actor and not by a marionette. And what about Olivia Coleman? Much better in this series than as Queen Anne. The new series three has a different cast, but is just if not better than before. Olivia Colman is great as the Queen and Helena Bohnam Carter as Princess Margaret. I think the fact that I can remember the events it covers from my own memories as a child, particularly the tragedy of Aberfan. I was 7 years old when it happened, the same age as many of the children who died, I watched the funeral with my mum on our tv and we sobbed together and I remember her hugging me all the while. Watching them line up those poor people to introduce to the Queen broke my heart, how could they make those grieving people stand on ceremony like that? But this series is showing things as they were, not how we would like them to be. There are those rarities among television series where occasionally one truly stands out. This is one of them. Historically revealing, touching, insightful...<br/><br/>Yes, at times I found my way slipping away for a break when a chapter or two were not quite as engaging. But on a whole all the other chapters reveal more fascinating insights; such as the story of Prince Philip's mother, Princess Alice of Battenberg.<br/><br/>One cannot be unimpressed by this series storytelling, superb production values, brilliant writing, direction, sets, costumes and above all else, superb casting and acting...<br/><br/>An exceptionally talented cast and crew bring their absolute best A game to this fascinating and telling series. All the right parts to make a good drama. Well written and acted. Amazing show I've now watched the three available seasons of The Crown and felt the need to comment on the cast changes from the first two seasons to season three with one-on-one comparisons.<br/><br/>Claire Foy vs. Olivia Coleman as Queen Elizabeth. This is a huge win for Foy's nervous smile over Coleman's stone face. Foy has at least some warmth and grace in her manner. Coleman is like a statue. I can read between the lines to see what Foy's Queen is actually thinking. Nothing is coming in from Coleman's cranium. The lights are out. Coleman's mouth seems to have a natural frown to it, (she has my sympathy- so does mine and people often complain that I don't smile enough). It makes her seem cold and uncomfortable. Foy has some nervousness but an inner strength that comes through.<br/><br/>Matt Smith vs. Tobias Menzies as Prince Phillip. I only know Prince Phillip from interviews and documentaries but he seems a strong, distinguished man of great presence. That comes though much more in Menzies' performance than in Smith's. Smith has a prominent brow and always seems to be staring at the camera from under it. It gives the impression of somebody who is always up to something. Philip in his younger days may have been a bit of a bounder. So maybe that's appropriate but Menzies is more my image of Phillip, although I'm not sure where his accent came from.<br/><br/>Vanessa Kirby vs. Helena Bonham-Cater as Princess Margaret. Kirby, a statuesque beauty, certainly makes an impression. If they ever do a reboot of the 60's British TV Series the Avengers, Kirby would make an excellent Mrs. Peel with her slinky sexiness. Unfortunately, Margaret was more the stature of Bonham-Carter, whose lower-key bemusement seems to hit the mark. But she would have had a hard =-time playing the young, delicate-looking beauty Margaret was in the 50's. I certainly hope to see a lot more the charismatic Kirby but HBC wins this one.<br/><br/>Victoria Hamilton and Marion Bailey as Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother. Neither made much of an impression or looked much like her. The episodes didn't seem to focus on her, even though she seems to have had a hard time seeing the power behind the throne shift away from her, (she didn't even want to leave Buckingham Palace). An under-developed character played in an under-whelming manner by both.<br/><br/>Alex Jennings and Derek Jacobi as the Duke of Windsor. Jennings was a strange Prince Charles in Peter Morgan's "The Queen", trying to manipulate events to his advantage. He's far, far better as "David", a role he seems born to play. He looks the part and plays the man as the chess-player he clearly was, totally dedicated to his own desires. I'm sure he could have played the Duke as an old man without difficultly. Instead we get the round-faced Jacobi, unrecognizable as the same man.<br/><br/>Lia Williams and Geraldine Chaplin as the Duchess of Windsor. Both were good. I saw no need to re-cast the role. As with Jennings, Williams would have been fine as the older Duchess.<br/><br/>Greg Wise and Charles Dance as Lord Mountbatten. I thought both hit the mark. Wise was smoother, Dance more imposing, which seemed a little more appropriate.<br/><br/>Mathew Goode and Ben Daniels as Anthony Armstrong-Jones. Goode played him as a reserved, rather arrogant cultural snob who for unknown reasons, married into the royal family and must have immediately regretted it. Daniels is a much more charming and charismatic performer who seems to dominate every scene he is in just by his presence. He seems much more like the type of person who could get people to pose for him and worm his way into the royal family. And I'd just rather see him act than the other guy. Love this show and I'm learning so much about the Royal family that I didn't know before. Perfectly acted, portrayed and written. I watched seasons 1 + 2 four times! And could watch them again and again. They were fantastic.... and Claire Foy And Matt Smith were superb, charismatic....(can go on and on) and acted their parts brilliantly.
I was ever so disappointed that the actors were changed. And much as Olivia Coleman is a great actress...I was so disappointed by the season. Queen Elizabeth and prince Philip weren't half as charismatic. I couldn't warm up to them. And ended up watching season 3 only once, with no intention of ever watching it again! Such a huge huge Pity! This show will not disappoint. It has romance, drama, intrigue, and the most AMAZING CAST!!! The writing is superb, and there is nothing disappointing about the show. A must watch for sure!!! Ruined it for me. I dont like new actors, they could have just aged with make up, why did You needed to change the cast?? Horrible I absolutely love the characters and ambience of season one and two. I ended up in my colouring books with season 3 why didn't they just make Claire foy look old with make up and make her in season 3. This series looks good, is videography and sets are very good.<br/><br/>Acting is OK too.<br/><br/>What lets it down is that the scriptwriters thought nothing of being historically accurate. For instance official papers, released and available for public viewing, show that The Queen never tried to force her sister not to marry Peter Townsend. Indeed the papers show that an act of Parliament would be passed, if she wanted to marry him, that removed Margaret from the line of succession but left her with her royal titles etc. It was Margaret who decided not to marry Peter Townsend, after a visit to him in Belgium. But either lazy script-writing, or the desire to perpetuate a myth, gives entirely the wrong impression of what happened. <br/><br/>There is enough within the long reign of The Queen that could easily be portrayed accurately and entertain us with a good story without the need to resort to tawdry misrepresentations. Netflix's best biographical elite drama show after the Narcos'. So appreciated to learn that the show will get longer and be finished at its top level. Netflix must hold on and continue producing shows like this I love the series but I am completely baffled as to why they changed the cast for Series 3. One review mentioned that it was 15 years later but I went back into the last episode of Series 2 and it started in April 1962; Series 3 starts just 2 years later in 1964, although it is true that the characters looked about 15 years older!! As much as I love Olivia Coleman & Helena Bonham Carter, both actresses were vastly different to Claire Foy & Vanessa Kirby's renditions of Queen Elizabeth & Princess Margaret respectively. Additionally, Prince Phillip had a complete personality and voice change in just 2 years... I actually thought that they had jumped forward to an older Prince Charles before I realised that it was Prince Phillip. Also, the new Queen Mother, played by Marion Bailey was unrecognisable both look and character wise from the previous Victoria Hamilton's performance. This lack of continuity is just awful and sooo let's the Series & the viewers down. All the actors performances have been superb but Netflix should have made their choice of cast and stuck to it, after all in this day and age they can achieve miracles with stage makeup. Unfortunately I'm now on Series 3 Episode 8 and the cast changes are still annoying me enough to reduce my rating from what would have been 10 out of 10 to just 8 out of 10. I'm surprised to see the amount of negative feedback on season 3. I enjoyed the 1st 2 seasons and was looking forward to seeing new actors portraying the royals with adult children. They did not disappoint.<br/><br/>QE2's reign has been relatively drama free, which you could argue makes a boring story, but the writers did an excellent job of conveying that the absence of drama requires great effort and sacrifice. I know many of the storylines were exaggerated but I found them interesting, well written and acted.<br/><br/>The one criticism I have is I don't see the real Queen as sullen as Ms Colman portrayed her. I imagine she had many periods where she was conflicted, sad, etc. But we also see her laughing and I wish we saw more lightheartedness. Maybe she'll lighten up in season 4. I'll be watching either way. This show has so much to offer. I realize they didn't know what they were thinking, but had an amazing amount of details in their whereabouts from day to day. Piecing the emotional feeling that may have been about is a great stretch, but considering that every public detail is taken into account, it's hard to believe they were that inaccurate about how people feel just in general as humans, regardless of royalty or not. Not many shows can make you feel the way this does about actual historical shows. Having just completed season 1, I may not continue. My expectation was that The Crown would be historically accurate, but alas it is not.<br/><br/>Since other reviewers have commented on numerous historical inaccuracies, I'll only mention two, both in connection with Churchill. Lithgow is not bad, actually quite good in many respects, but he presents a Churchill who can barely stand, and walks only with great difficulty. If you look at newsreels of the day, you see this is not correct and is a bit of overacting by Lithgow, as Churchill was surprisingly robust well into his 80's.<br/><br/>Second (spoiler!), after Churchill's official portrait was painted, which he hated, we see him in his garden setting fire to it, with the smiling approval of his wife. In 1978, it was reported that the painting was actually burned by Lady Churchill's private secretary, at the direction of Lady Churchill.<br/><br/>I'm not sure what was gained by this perhaps minor rewrite of history, but it undermines my faith in the accuracy of the rest of this otherwise very watchable series, and turns it into something of an historical soap opera. I awaited the premier of Season 3 with baited breath; until I began watching. My disappointment had nothing to do with the complete change in cast. I thought Olivia Coleman, Tobias Menzies and Helena Bonham Carter picked up magnificently where Claire Foy, Matt Smith and Vanessa Kirby left off.
My disappointment was with the stodgy, uninspired scripts. With the exception of episodes 3, 9 and 10, I gritted my teeth and kept watching; just to make sure I wasn't missing anything of great importance.
While I understand the need to portray significant moments in history, I believe the writers missed the mark. I can't speak for all, but this viewer is more interested in the back story of the RF. They skipped over the pregnancy and birth of Prince Edward entirely and picked up the storyline when Andrew and Edward were young boys. They did try to give substance to the relationship between Prince Charles and Princess Anne, which provided some of the more interesting material in Season 3, (Anne's alleged role in the Charles, Camilla and Andrew Parker Bowles relationships).
I also enjoyed watching the interaction between the Queen and PM Harold Wilson. The scene when he disclosed his personal preferences and behaviors vs. those of the public's perception of him as the leader of the Labour Party and how he and the Queen were in similar positions, per se.
While episode 3 was particularly emotional, it took until episodes 9 and 10 to really get moving and be as entertaining and engaging as Seasons 1 and 2 were throughout.
Let's hope Season 4 starts off with a bang before the series loses some of its devoted audience. Much like the 1990's film TITANIC...Hollywood has lavished high production values to THE CROWN but little else. Any connection to history is non-existent and quite alarming.<br/><br/>Made up story lines...especially the portrayal of Winston Churchill and his relationship with Queen Elizabeth...and with his own sanity as portrayed here...is simple rubbish. Churchill was a man of many quirks but he was no fool, had immense appreciation for the Royal Family and for both the Queen and her Father. <br/><br/>There is no evidence Mr. Churchill ever belittled Queen Elizabeth or even would have thought of doing so...nor her toward him. So the whole premise of the first few episodes is simply idiotic...sort of a 'politically correct' rewriting of history from script writers who obviously no nothing about history.<br/><br/>Sadly, NETFLIX, the producer of this nonsense offers an array of programming on its subscription service entitled: "The Truth About... " and then you can fill in the blanks about alleged documentaries on a host of subjects that bear little resemblance to the truth...but more of the opinions of politically motivated writers.<br/><br/>If your goal is to brainwash a new generation of viewers...then THE CROWN would neatly fall into such a category. Sadly, TRUE HISTORY is actually far more interesting than the FAKE HISTORY presented here. <br/><br/>Sure, no-one in this period of British history had a monopoly on virtue...but many had a firm grip on greatness and courageous action...and both Queen Elizabeth and Winston Churchill are among these.<br/><br/>Maybe someday someone will give them their proper interpretation. You will not find it in this tripe masquerading behind amazing period shots and costumes. The Crown presents Her Majesty the Queen as imperious, rather than regal. She frequently looks like a snotty, po-faced upper-crust miss, spoilt beyond belief. In life, I don't think that anyone has EVER regarded the Queen in that manner. I suppose that playing a woman who was genuinely beautiful, genuinely regal and had a wonderful quality of deep serenity and composure about her is not an easy ask. But the composure that was present on her 21st birthday, when she made her memorable speech, pledging herself to a life of service for her people, and the extraordinary grace and courage with which she descended from the aeroplane after the death of her father, to greet the waiting dignitaries are the keys to the reality of Elizabeth. <br/><br/>This story-teller has not gone for the actuality . He has looked for a dramatic story. He has attempted to "normalise" Queen Elizabeth, presumably by trying to imagine how a much less extraordinary young woman might have acted in similar circumstances. <br/><br/>He has also tried to imagine how a person of a very different background to Prince Philip might act. <br/><br/>Prince Philip was born a Prince. But his uncle, King of Geece, was put off the throne, the family fled and Philip's mother became a nun. Philip was schooled in Scotland where he would have been whipped by the masters or beaten up by the boys if he acted like a smarty. At 15 he entred the Navy, serving through World War II. In 1952 he was Commander of HMS Magpie. <br/><br/>When Philip married Elizabeth, he did not visit foreign countries with the attitude of a freshman whose only experience of life is cheeking professors and chatting up girls in the canteen. Philip had already travelled the world, been into battle, seen men die and had led others into dangerous actions. Philip UNDERSTOOD the order of RANK. As midshipman he scrubbed the decks. He knew how the Commander of a ship behaves towards an Admiral of the Fleet. In other words, when Philip married Elizabeth, their was NO QUESTION as to whether he would bow his knee, and offer his allegiance. Paying that homage to his monarch was a given understanding from the moment that he started courting her. <br/><br/>1. When this series shows Philip kneeling resentfully in front of the throne AT HER MOMENT OF MOST NEEDING HIM then this is worse than stupid; it is a cruel denial of all Philip's devotion. What right does the film-maker have to do this?<br/><br/>Was Philip REALLY thinking of himself or was he looking at his beloved wife and wondering how he could possibly ease the huge burden of responsibility that landed on her little head with that 4 pound weight of crown?<br/><br/>2. Philip is a military man. So here, in this amazingly stupid scene from the series, he is shown with an elderly Kenyan War Veteran, looking at his medals, saying: "Good God! I've got one of those, and one of those, and one of those!" Like a child comparing Pokemon. Then he looks at the fourth one, a cross and says "Good grief! Where did you steal that?" <br/><br/>The wardrobe department researched Philip's medals. They are exactly right. BUT the scriptwriter and director have it wrong, and the actor looks like a total smug ass. WHY?<br/><br/>The first three medals are ordinary service medals, with two indicating service in WWII and the third indicating service in the African Campaign. Philip would recognise the medals as easy as you recognise a Coca Cola logo. They would not provoke any verbal comment, beyond a slight acknowledgement from the higher ranking officer (Philip). <br/><br/>The fourth medal is a different matter entirely. Every single military person including the Princess, would have noticed the cross on the maroon ribbon protruding from under the string of beads. It would have been more obvious than a blazing diamond in the sunset. <br/><br/>That piece of dull metal is the Victoria Cross, the highest award "FOR VALOUR". Prince Philip, and all the others, would have looked at it in silence, because that is what you do, when you are confronted by a true hero. The idea that Philip, a Prince, and Naval Commander, would make fun of a man with a Victoria Cross is not just farcical, it is seriously insulting to Prince Philip. For anyone to write this sort of stuff without consideration of how a high-ranking naval officer might act, is reprehensible. <br/><br/>I DETEST the fact that this same noble old Prince who has served his Monarch and the people of her Realm tireless, day after day, since the day he entered the Royal Navy at fifteen years of age, until his semi-retirement at 96, can be so misrepresented, at a time when he is so old, and too frail to lay a wreath on the cenotaph for his fallen comrades. <br/><br/>Concerning the suggestion of "oral sex". Many sexual practices now considered "normal" only became so with the publication of books like Alex Comfort's "Joy of Sex" 1960. Previously, many people always had sex in missionary position, wore night clothes, never saw their partner's genitals and made love in the dark. They still managed to have fun! It is most unlikely that Pince Philip would keep his wife from an official function in order to perform fellatio. <br/><br/>There is no justification for this scene. The people depicted are now nonogenarians. Both are in possession of their wits, and capable of being embarrassed, distressed and angered But they are NOT capable of making an open denial that they are being misrepresented, in the matter of whether they would desert a function to have sex. The writer has indulged his fantasies to an extent which is unfair to the two living persons who are involved. I find this production deeply shaming, and opportunistic. I enjoy Olivia Coleman, I do. I really do. But NOT as THE Queen, HRH on 'The Crown'. I have watched oh maybe 45 seconds, well however long it takes for the stamp debacle. NO, NO, NO I ABSOLUTELY REFUSE to believe that Netflix cannot or would not hire a talented makeup artist to GRACEFULLY age gorgeous and very, very talented Claire Foy. I just really do not think I can watch any longer. HUGE MISTAKE Netflix - HUGE MISTAKE. It is painful and so disappointing.
No stiff upper lip for this Yankee. Claire Foy, please and thank you and all that Tommy Rot. Not going to watch. Bobs your uncle, DONE. You had such a winner in the first two seasons, why would you ruin it. I get angry every time I watched season 3. So disappointing with the new casting. Claire Foy was perfection as Elisabeth & the chemistry with all the cast worked perfectly in Season 1 & 2. Why would you do this to your fans. So, so disappointing!! I loved seasons 1&2, however to see that they changed all the main characters over in Season 3 was mind boggling to me. I tried watching and just could not enjoy it. I wish they had just kept the original cast and " aged" them with makeup. No disrespect to the actors taking the place of the original cast, but I feel like I'm watching a completely different show. I will not continue to watch anymore. I will give the positives: it is lavishly produced and at times quite beautiful to look at. Kudos to the cinematographers and cameramen. The costumes and historic sets are spot on. No one does period dramas better than the British.<br/><br/>That's about it. Frankly, I was deeply disappointed in this series. I had hoped it would help to humanize an otherwise elevated group of people who the rest of the world only sees through the peephole of the camera lens. Sadly, instead of seeing human beings who we can identify with, we instead get dreary, one-dimensional characters who are about as interesting and self-aware as the stair bannisters they lean against.<br/><br/>Claire Foy and Matt Smith, solid actors both, have zero chemistry together here; and even if they did have a spark, the Liz/Philip relationship dynamic is so flatly and stiffly written that it wouldn't matter anyway. Instead of seeing how Liz and Philip built themselves into the mutually supportive team we all know the Royal duo m to be,the script instead devolves into soap opera. What we get in the end area prudish wife who would have been a prude if she were a royal or not,and the usual staid, detached, disillusioned British husband who seems unable to find any sense of purpose in the life he signed on to. MattSmith is capable of so much more depth than what the script has allowed him.<br/><br/>The same can be said about Vanessa Kirby. She is a fine actress, but her Princess Margaret here is annoying and one dimensional, and so unsympathetically written that it was difficult for me to feel any empathy for her or see her as anything more than a spoiled and petulant little sister and party girl...the 1950's version of Chloe Kardassian.<br/><br/>And the list goes on. I could linger ad-infinitem about how much I ended up losing interest in most of these characters by the time the second season came around. Thank heavens for John Lithgow, who shows us all what a truly experienced and commanding actor can do to elevate a screenplay from sorry to passable. He is this series' one saving grace.<br/><br/>The Crown is okay for what it is: a very expensive and lavish documentary. Just don't bother keeping the tissues nearby. You won't need them. Great season 1 and 2. Season 3 cast is bad. Bring back the previous queen I will cut to the chase. The Crown is a well loved series artfully done - for the first two seasons. The third season is a tragic mistake. Olivia Colman is absolutely horrible in this role and to make it worse, she follows someone who was brilliant in it. Equally, Tobias Menzies is without charm or talent in this particular role. There is no chemistry between the two actors/characters and, in fact, it is hard to believe that they are who they are and ever knew each other. Princess Anne is equally horrible. Some of the story is good or okay but more so whenever any of the before-mentioned are not in the script. A scene without any of them is a possibility to hope that it will be all okay; when they enter and open their mouths, there is a jarring reality that the decision makers of this series absolutely blew it by recasting many-to-all of the characters. Poorly done, Season 3. Heart breaking. Well seen some negative on Olivia Coleman and I disagree big time, excellent acting from her also the guy who plays Prince Charles is very exceptional.everytime I watch I feel as if it's a history lesson also into a really good TV show with a stellar cast I understand the need to age your cast. So you hire a whole new cast. Did you hire all new writers who don't know how to tell a story?
I enjoyed the episode with President Johnson, and they did a okay job with the mine collapse. Other than that, I feel like I slept through the whole season! Total must see!! Olivia Coleman and helena Bonham Carter are great and just rises to their greatness... nice to see tobias in a good guy character.. Just exceeds most shows on TV/Cable/Streaming today by its exceptional cast and accurate time pieces. Just a real pleasure to see these amazing actors bring current and past characters/people to life. Oscar winner Olivia Colman is very very good. Time for her to become a Emmy winner. Every one is at there best and the show is at its best. Love historical dramas, and it fascinated me just as much to see one centred around (as of now) our longest reigning monarch, a title that for a long time was given to Queen Victoria. There was so much talent involved that my interest was sparked further, despite admittedly not being the biggest fan of Netflix. <br/><br/>'The Crown' turned out to be a wonderful series, at its very best some of the best television seen in a while and in a completely different league to much of anything else Netflix has done (so much so that it had to be a check to see that it definitely came from Netflix). Season 1 was so well executed in every regard, while Season 2 boasted even richer material. Totally get the adoration, while sharing some viewers' misgivings about the inaccuracies and some biased and distorted characterisations (the Duke and Duchess of Windsor coming off worst). Vanessa Kirby for my tastes was a bit too annoying as Margaret as well. <br/><br/>However, the great things far eclipse the not so good. When 'The Crown' was great, it was the very meaning of a crowning achievement. <br/><br/>It couldn't have been any more classy and sumptuous visually. The photography and production and costume design are evocative and a sight to behold. The music for me wasn't too intrusive or low-key and was beautiful scoring on its own. The main theme is not easy to forget. <br/><br/>Writing probes a lot of thought and intrigue, it is much more than soap-opera and doesn't feel too modern (not like 'Victoria'). Loved the intimacy and subtle tension of the storytelling in each episode, the deliberate pace in no way a hindrance, and the character chemistry scintillates. The characters are very compellingly written, with enough balance in characterisation to overshadow the instances of one-sidedness and most of them have more than one layer. <br/><br/>Cannot find many qualms with the acting. Claire Foy is dignity and class personified and Matt Smith acts every bit as splendidly with lots of authority. One of the biggest standouts of the near-uniformly strong support (Kirby being the exception) is the powerhouse that is John Lithgow, so much so that one can look past misgivings of him not being quite right physically (being too tall for one by nearly a foot, Churchill was not a tall man). <br/><br/>Overall, deserving of the acclaim it's garnered. Not quite perfect but really quite wonderful and something of an achievement. 9/10 Bethany Cox Following Claire Foy is showing how bad this woman is to play the Queen. She comes off unlikable and dour. I may not finish this season. And what's with the brown eyes? Are you people crazy? What on earth is appealing about this show? My god is it slow! So incredibly slow. I watched 2 eps and seriously how are people giving this 9/10?<br/><br/>This is a show about over entitled utterly superficial people who just happened to be born into the lap of luxury. John Lithgow sounds nothing like Churchill, Claire Foy is like a supermodel compared to the real Elizabeth and Matt Smith just reeks of smug. <br/><br/>The acting is so drawn out and laboured. Every. Line. Is. So. Stretched. Out.<br/><br/>I'm sorry but this is mystifying to me that it's getting such good reviews. Save yourself the trouble and skip this entire event. Dry, dusty, dull.<br/><br/>Bad acting, boring writing and terrible subject matter. Makes me wish Australia would get its act together and become a republic already and cast aside these vacuous rich idiots. This is without a doubt one of the best series ever on television. So brilliantly conceived, produced, cast, directed and written that it's hard to find words to express my utter amazement. The episodes are well thought out and written with amazing detail to time and place, and crafted in such away to artfully but truthfully tell the viewer what she needs to know without becoming overly bogged down by details or excessive drama. Claire Foy makes a powerful impression as Elizabeth: from shy newlywed to deer-in-the-headlight after her father's unexpected death,and finally to cool and confident monarch committed to doing what she must, even at a personal cost. Matt Smith's performance as the often tactless, very plain speaking but always well meaning Prince Philip, the most forward thinking family member at the time, is terrific. But far and away, Jared Harris' understated George the VI will no doubt be considered legendary. He captures the essence of that King: a fragile, gentle soul who was thrust into a role he never wanted and for which he had no preparation, but somehow managing to do a fine job despite the odds. If the scene at the Sandringham Christmas party doesn't move you, you have no heart. So sit back and be transported to another time and place. You'll probably end up binge watching this masterpiece. I can't wait for Season 2. Kudos to Netflix for lavishly funding this production. So disappointed in the portrayal of the Queen in season 3. She is portrayed as someone who is haughty, condescending, and has no warmth at all (unlike the actress in seasons 1 and 2). There is not even one thing likable in season 3's Queen Elizabeth. And the actress' delivery is so fast - I've heard the actual Queen interviewed, and she does not speak with this "machine gun" rapidity. Season 3 is awful in my opinion. I love this series and really can't say enough good things about it. Although Helena Bonham Carters eye color doesn't match those of the younger actors the casting is spot on and the way we are taken back and forth through the years only seems to make it better. Such a good season of the crown. Loved Olivia's portrayal and looking forward to the next season Whilst I am not particularly interested in Royalty and such I find the Crown engrossing. I think the real reason is the superb cast and obvious amount that has been spent on the details. 90 % of the portrayals are totally believable and I think that's really how you judge a good production. Claire Foy does an impressive job as the Queen. She brings a lovely vulnerable side to the character that makes Lisbeth seem very human. Vanessa Kirby as Princess Margret is sultry and untamed. The other stand out portrayal is Alex Jennings as the abdicated King. Watch it, you won't be disappointed. I haven't still watched the entire first season of the new Netflix TV show release called 'The Crown' but it sure heads to a great start as much as I've seen of it.<br/><br/>This saga about the British Royal Family during its first years can look austere from time to time but that's not what we should expect from this kind of historic show. What we should expect however is a great attention to details and a hint of authenticity throughout it. About those criteria, The Crown is fulfilling them to the perfection. The great attention to history is what keeps me hooked to this wonderful show.<br/><br/>The performance of the cast is very sober from all the characters. I have felt that a lot of research has been made to match the cast performance as much to the original people they are incarnating. I'm particularly mesmerized by John Lithgow who is playing Winston Churchill. I have chills seeing this old man, who will always be remembered as the One who stood up to fascism during WW2 to finally triumph against it, trying to update himself to this new era using his intangible character to overcome the various challenges he's facing. I have tears when he's mourning his young secretary who got killed when she got ran over by a bus during the 1952 London Fog which claimed so many lives.<br/><br/>In brief the Crown is a show to be seen. I have not still seen it entirely but I truly hope it will keep on. 3d season is horrible. I just couldn't believe that I am watching continuation of the show. So many of the stories are untrue that I feel uncomfortable watching the series. The writer has admitted a dislike for the monarchy, and is particularly harsh on Prince Philip. Any ordinary family would sue the program. First two seasons are fantastic. I give them a solid 9. I base my rating on those two seasons alone. Claire Foy is the Queen and does a remarkable job. The show is focused on her and Philip and hands down have perfect chemistry towards each other. The show revolves around the queen... Now jump ahead to season 3... which I give a rating of 4<br/><br/>Netflix changed every character and now the show is a joke. We as viewers get use to style of the show and now you change it all up and for what??? For better ratings??? Well you won't get that now that's for sure. The show now has all kinds of small side stories that nobody cares about let alone want to watch. You had a great show Netflix and now all you have is garbage... guaranteed this is the beginning of the end for
The Queen. Which is sad cause the first two seasons are outstanding.<br/><br/>Way to go Netflix!!! You ruined a great show with new cast and direction... It seems like a totally different program in Season 3 (and I guess it is). I gave up in the middle of the second episode. Too many available good things out there to watch. Episode 1 in the US street scene needed a better period-automobile consultant. The Crown is resting on its laurels. Seasons 1&2 were outstanding, brilliant cast and production, script - hugely disappointed in season 3. Wrong cast, extremely boring script ; I thought the whole point of recasting all actors was so they could skip the uneventful periods of time and focus on the more 'interesting' stuff. Also, ms Coleman has completely wrong gestures compared to ms Foy's portrayal of the Queen, which is confusing; she mastered the voice but everything else is done differently, for example the way this Queen smiles and pauses in between sentences is at odds with the previous seasons' Queen. And ms Bonham-Carter's princess Margaret is just awkward to watch after such a witty and graceful portrayal by ms Kirby. Excellent actor playing Prince Charles, though, and the Welsh mining episode was superb. I was drawn into the series immediately. Although, I felt Peter Morgan might have dictated his Jewish heritage toward Prince Philip unflatteringly.<br/><br/>First, Matt Smith might not have the right look as Prince Philip in real live. He is less handsome with somehow odd facile features and wrong hair color in nature. I only watched the first two episodes and he was already bottom naked several times. Which I would not think it depicted Queen's husband in the dignified fashion. Mr. Morgan's reason might be Prince Philip's background implying himself as a Nazi's sympathizer. Recently, I watched "Edward VIII: The Nazi King" which told the Nazi Sympathizer history of Duke and Duchess Windsor. So I would only assume further episodes ever containing abdicated King Edwards might suffer the similar fates.<br/><br/>The plots and scripts were gripping and enticing. Settings and scenes were grand and meticulous. Peter Morgan is not the first person took the liberty to steer the story toward his likeness or unlikeness. However, the show could be better without such obvious biases. Objectivity should be followed when it is required.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, as the chronological events unfolding Queen Elizabeth demonstrating her great strength to ride out personal and political storms was remarkably admirable. To be a leader who cannot directly influence politics requires great deal of self-restraining. We can all knowledge that this program very well depicted on that. <br/><br/>After finishing first 2 seasons , I couldn't wait for the 3rd . The first 2 Seasons are marvellous, the actress blended into the character and later on the show is losing its shine , with their selection of boring issues and dragging What a shame! I had earlier reviewed Seasons 1 and 2 as 10/10, and I have retained the high overall rating purely based on my enjoyment of those earlier seasons.
When I heard earlier this year that Olivia Colman was taking over from Claire Foy in Series 3 I was surprised and rather concerned, but decided to give her the benefit of the doubt based on the amazing standard of the two earlier seasons. But my worst fears were realised yesterday on viewing the first episodes of Season 3. This is not just one casting error among many parts - the whole show hangs around the performance of the actress playing the Queen, and Ms Colman, for all her talents and experience as an actress elsewhere, just does not look, behave, move, or sound like the Queen. In 1964, Elizabeth would have been 38 years old, yet in the two episodes I watched yesterday she looked around 20 years older! Surely it would have been possible, and preferable, to have gradually aged Claire Foy, who was so brilliant in all the earlier episodes. The other changes of actors and actresses would all have been perfectly acceptable, but the change in the central character is an unmitigated disaster, and looking at other comments, I see I am far from alone in my reaction. In my opinion this is a catastrophic casting decision! This season is far less entertaining then season 1 & 2! Very dark and almost depressive. The new cast is good but very stiff and not warm at all. The 'temperature' of the show dropped significantly and makes it sometimes hard to enjoy! Just erased my entire review and started over. The crux of the matter is that all the new people are too frickin' old.<br/><br/>The second season ends with the retirement of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan in 1963 and the birth of Prince Edward in 1964.<br/><br/>The third season begins starts from 1964 until 1977. Olivia Colman looks every single year of her life and then some. If you look at pictures of Queen Elizabeth II circa 1964, 1965, 1966...she does not look as old as Olivia Colman. Not at all.<br/><br/>Olivia Colman's neck sags and she is quite a bit thicker - heftier-looking - than Queen Elizabeth was in 1964 when she was 38 years old. Olivia Colman was well into her 40s when they started filming her episodes and she has been overweight most of her life. Queen Elizabeth had not. Olivia Colman looks like she's in her 50s during this role.<br/><br/>Furthermore, she does not carry the role nearly as well as Claire Foy did. She's terrible to watch and listen to and she does not have the subtlety in her acting that Claire Foy did with her character.<br/><br/>
Also, ALL of the characters are too old looking for the time period that they are attempting to represent. Queen Elizabeth's secretary and second secretary, Michael Adeane and Martin Charteris look virtually accent compared to their former selves in Season 2...even though just a year has passed.<br/><br/>Lord Mountbatten looks like he's well into 70s during Season 3 compared to his actual age at the time which was 64 years old at the beginning of Season 3. Charles Dance was in his 70s at filming (he is a great actor but, also, he looks his age) while Mountbatten was still in his 60s. Dance looks closer to Mountbatten when he was in his 70s - he died when he was 79 years old. He was tragically assassinated.<br/><br/>The first 2 seasons deserved 10/10 stars in my opinion; but, the third season for all the above reasons (and especially, because Olivia Colman does not carry the part well at all) is about 6-7/10 stars and I think that that is generous.<br/><br/>I very much like Helena Bonham Carter but I adored Vanessa Kirby in the role. The Queen Mother is too old as well in the third season.<br/><br/>Tobias Menzies is the right age to play Prince Philip and looks it. I do miss Matt Smith simply because I miss Claire Foy and the chemistry between the two was very good. One could believe that they were truly a couple - Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip - and that they had loved each other for decades, already. A few people commented on how immature that Matt Smith seemed in his role as a seasoned Navy officer who had been through a lot in his life even prior to the Navy. But, I still very much enjoyed him.<br/><br/>THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO CHEMISTRY BETWEEN COLMAN AND MENZIES. They could have taken two random people off the street and had more believable of a couple than Colman and Menzies. Absolutely horrible casting.<br/><br/>Aberfan - the third episode in Season 3 - about the tragedy in Aberfan happened in 1966..not to far away from the end of Season 2 which represented 1964. A lot of the characters were too old for their parts. But, none of them acted as badly as Olivia Colman who comes across as a farmer's wife trying to play a queen. The Crown was first released in early November 2016, directly in ten episodes. The first episode tells the story of his marriage to King Philip in 1947.
The story of Elizabeth is unique to follow, Urbaners. Since married to King Philip, Queen Elizabeth's life has changed. The father, namely King George, his health had declined sharply, then his mother Elizabeth was ready to give up the throne to the child. The event of marriage until the appointment of Queen Elizabeth 2 is the center of the story of the television series The Crown.<br/><br/>You have to watch this series because the story is very interesting, and I can't wait to see the newest season.. I love this show and i'm currently watching the third season but there are some very frustrating details... After the second season with the new actors the queen's and princess margaret's eyes suddenly got brown????? Third season is great so far but because of the eye problem i can't concentrate on the show!! I mean how??? And Claire Foy was so much better than Olivia Colmen... Is there anything more loathsome and irresponsible than a movie or TV series that turns history into a soap opera? How dare people reinterpret history as entertainment. Why, oh why do people see the need to twist history into melodrama in which the only "truth" we truly see is the writer's ego. This series is not about "The Crown", or Queen Elizabeth, it is about Peter Morgan. There is only one way to do justice to history and that is as a documentary. Yes, I know that may not be the blockbuster "spectacle" the masses want to see, but it is the truth. If you want to make costume dramas and visual feasts, do it on something like Downton Abbey where history is not part of the collateral damage. Superficially "The Crown" ticks off the main "historical" events, such they were. There was a Coronation. There was a scandal involving Princess Margaret and Peter Townsend. There was a great smog in London in 1952 in which thousands of people died. In that sense "The Crown" may indeed be "historically accurate". But to use these incidents as backdrops to paint totally hypothetical pictures of individuals, to literally make up dialogue people never spoke, to give them personalities that are pure speculation, to generate events that never happened, to blow out of all proportion events that did happen, simply to create the crises of each episode, is just unforgivable. If I wander down to my local library I will find a wall of books labelled "Biographies". In this wall I will find books that contain all that is known on a particular person. If dialogue is included it will be in quotes, and often have a reference, so the reader knows what was actually said. The author does not generally make up dialogue or create fiction just to spice it up a bit, or if they do it is quite clear it is the author's own views. This is what we call truth, and actually, as been noted many times, truth is often more interesting than fiction. If one were to try and publish a "book" version of this screenplay any prospective publisher would fall on the floor laughing. If perchance one was stupid enough to actually publish it it would end up in the "Fiction" section, filed under "P" for "Potboiler", just along from the Mills and Boons. Peter Morgan is evidently an extremely gifted person but seemingly an enigma. On the one hand he can write some truly breathtaking "dialog" when that dialog is impersonal, that is, it is expressing universal truths that really have nothing to do with the character. Then in the next breath we stoop to abysmal depths of ridiculousness/crassness â€“ such as brave Prince Philip fighting off elephants, brainy Prince Philip telling his minions to put in a bigger fuse in his intercom system (who knew he was an electrical engineer?), and most heinously of all, inserting a ridiculous and entirely unnecessary character called Venitia Scott. Bath water coming under Winston Churchill's door? Give me a break. Mercifully this character gets hit by a bus fairly smartly â€“ what a shame more of the cast did not share the same fate. If I can loosely paraphrase a famous quote from Winston Churchill (you will have to provide your own accents and cigars for this)...."Never in the course of human conflict, has so much money, been spent by so few, for so little good". We've watched eight of the ten episodes, and the awful is gaining on the excellent. The production is sumptuous, but did anyone involved do any research on the Windsors? I don't recognize these people from the reading I've done, and I've read a lot.<br/><br/>The Queen Mother is the worst. In real life, she was outgoing and enthusiastic, and understood that her extroverted personality was well-suited to her calling. She saw that she lifted people by her presence, and maintained a busy schedule almost to the end of her 100 years of life. Look at any photo of her. Her huge upturned hat brims were designed so people could see her beaming face. Read any of the notes she sent to friends and you'll realize that she would have been a hoot to hang out with. The actress playing her looks as if she were sucking lemons before each take.<br/><br/>The Queen is a sourpuss, too, and way too tightly wound. I have known people who have spent time with her and the Prince, and they've described them as good-humored, warm, and down-to-earth.<br/><br/>Most egregious was putting the dreadful Duke and Duchess of Windsor in such a heroic light. The writers skipped over their visiting Nazi Germany, willing pawns of Hitler's PR scheme. The Duke lied to his brother, the new king, about being broke, squeezing a big payoff out of the government. Having the Duke narrate the sacred moments of Elizabeth's coronation was disgusting.<br/><br/>Really a shame. Five stars for the production, five deducted for character assassination. Claire Foy, Matt Smith
King George, the Churchill's,
Tony Armstrong Jones.....
(The original actors)
All acted superbly, just brilliantly, as I'm sure everyone agrees......
I watched these 2 seasons 4 times and loved every minute!!<br/><br/>I know many people enjoyed Season 3 just as much.....
And I'm no one to criticize, but I simply hated season 3.... the actors, the script, the dynamics.....
I was ever so disappointed.... I think to me the Crown will only ever be Season 1 & 2......which I truly truly loved and enjoyed! I have hesitated for years to watch T.C. First, I am not a royalist at all, and second I thought, there would be nothing going on, and the episodes would treat only the yellow press stuff. Now I bow to the makers of the series, especially the creator. The drama has Shakespearean quality. And itÂ´s entertaining. Pip Torrens as Tommy Lascelles is outstanding. Season 3 cast falls a bit short. T. Menzies and O. Colman are good, but the break between season 2 and 3 really hurts. CouldnÂ´t she have been given at least blue eye lenses? And Mr. Menzies appears tiny beside her. Although their acting is great, it just does not cover up the physical gap compared to the first two seasons. However, Josh O. Connor, Erin Doherty and the amazing Helena Bonham Carter make more than up for it, so the hiccup is a minor one. I absolutely adore The Crown. Top production. Every season is getting better and better. Fantastic. Something is happening: we are gaining perspective on the 20th century. In movies and documentaries all over now,World War II is gradually becoming romanticised as I am sure the great War once did when The last survivors passed away. Less debate and more contemplation. Like when you stop stiring your drink Because The ice has finally melted into it. The crown is a sort of tour of significant events in the 20th century with Queen Elizabeth and the royal family in its centre. A good choice if you ask me. If instead they had gone for Pope John Paul II or Any president of the United States, this type of show would've been less interesting in its bias.<br/><br/>So. My grandmother is big on historical fiction and history all round. We enjoy reading together. But when she said she was enthralled with the crown and that I should watch it, I didn't exactly jump for joy. After all it is she who follows the comings and goings of the Royals on hello magazine. But I must say...<br/><br/>And season three is the most poignant. Before, it was just interesting. I cried for those Welsh children. I wished with all my heart I had been alive at the time of the first moon landing and immediately went to ask family members what they were doing on that fateful day.<br/><br/>On the episode about Prince Philip's mother, the soundtrack surprised me with some eerie pipe organ sounds That perfectly depict That lady's harsh and unusual life. And that is saying something since we hardly see her again in subsequent episodes. Then there is the low, swooping rumble of male voices when Camilla Parker Bowles and the royal family start plotting against Charles who feels like he has replaced his dead uncle. Well that just made my skin crawl! Congratulations to the composer.<br/><br/>Last but not least. Something that Greatly added to my enjoyment of the crown was the audio description by Veronica Hicks. Nuanced, expressive and well paced. Her voice is beautiful and the sexiest I have heard since 13 reasons why. Bravo VerÃ³nica! Please keep them coming.
If anyone reading this doesn't know what an audio description is: It's an audio track added on top of the movie or show, describing what is going on for people who have trouble seeing or have their backs turned because they're doing the ironing or something else. I think some audio descriptions try too hard to be neutral or they repeat a characters name too often when it's obvious it's the same person that is performing the action, or they speak too quickly. But this one gets it just right. If you're curious, activate audio description in your audio settings for each item you are watching. Netflix original content usually has them.<br/><br/>My grandmother is 82. Queen Elizabeth II is I think 93. I am glad there are still some people systematically retrieving the experiences and memories of the elderly. They don't have to be royalty. It took me awhile to get used to this whole new cast, but by the end of the first episode I was very drawn in and engaged. I appreciate that the storyline isn't too slow or rushed. It really nails the personalities of the main characters so well. I would highly recommend this show for its high quality. Easy to watch and understand some really important historic moments in the world. They don't stay on one certain subject for too long and they show you different times in history. They introduce new characters that play their role well. This series is a work of art. you get to see a part of the life of the royal family that you have never seen before. amazingly recreated. amazing actors. amazing music. amazing. I loved Seasons 1 & 2, and I rated it 10. But Season 3 storyline is not at all appealing. It borders boredom at times. Waiting for Season 4 and Princess D. Amazingly well put together with a cast and level of dialogue and tone to revel in Blockbuster production with the heart and soul of prime drama. I especially liked the music, the script and the acting of both Elisabeths II. This wonderful production has outstanding performances. Especially Tobias Menzies as Prince Philip Who manages to totally inhabit the role. Olivia Coleman is a fine actor. Unfortunately, she plays the Queen as cold and lacking in humour. Her face Is permanently grumpy and emotionless. As usual the script is heavy with rumour and conjecture. If you can accept that, it's still well worth watching for the attention to detail and watching the drama of what was a very interesting period in history Great acting.Honestly u learn so much about the royal family. This beautifully done show is really amazing. I'm an action an comedy type of person and this has minimal comedy and no action but still is so well acted that i'm pulled into it over and over. The scenes in this show are stunning and they follow up with amazing performances from all of the actors and actresses. I am sad that the queen changed in season three i really like Claire Foy and i dont mean that Olivia Coleman does a bad job she does very very well too but Claire Foy just really pulled you into the show the way she acts especially in this role was perfect really. I gave it a 9 stars only because i believe the end of season 2 was 1963 and she was still young and than bam season 3 its 1964 and she old that threw me off a bit. But other than that its an amazing show i would highly recommend watching it if your thinking hmm should i or should i not. The whole series is extremely well made, there are no gaps in the storytelling in terms of quality, the music undertones correctly the situations. Colman and Menzies pick up the slack and ease us in the third chapter seamlessly. My only objection is the 4th episode of the 3rd season, it is a laughable depiction of the country, the situation at the time and even the people. The nuns are wrong, the churches are wrong, the accents are Cypriot! which is simply funny to a Greek, and while you can excuse the accent of the princess as she is a foreigner, the rest are borderline hilarious. 4 stars for this episode, 8 for the rest. While Olivia Colman is a great actress, it is a poor choice for the role. After the magic Claire Foy it is a clear fail. I am not a royalist by any means. In fact, I often wonder why kings and queens exist in the 21st century. I marvel that they don't come to their senses themselves and join the human race as it is. So, I did balk at watching this Netflix offering at first.<br/><br/>I am glad I dipped my toe in by watching the first episode. I was immediately seduced by the richness of its writing, its editing, its presentation and its talent. I was also rewarded with a balanced view of the monarchy as institution vs. personality. Flawed and tortured human beings poured into rigid traditional roles. <br/><br/>Claire Foy is simply remarkable. Matt Smith is a perfect foil. Victoria Hamilton and Eileen Atkins provide weighty and humorous ballast. The cast is too deep to acknowledge individually here, but any fan of British productions will be wowed. Alex Jennings deserves mention as David, Duke of Windsor. Vanessa Kirby shines as Princess Margaret.<br/><br/>Well worth a Netflix binge. We highly recommend it. It has lush set pieces and I feel like the music brings the user along on the emotional journey of the characters. However, the portrayal of the Duke of Windsor as a dedicated husband who was forced to give everything up for love is very one sided picture of one of twentieth century's most questionable characters.<br/><br/>The show deliberately omits his and Wallis Simpson's unwavering dedication to Hitler, the Nazis, & that ideology, and I feel that - especially in this day and age - is grossly irresponsible by the Producers; especially, since this as well as Wallis's previous promiscuity (she was sleeping with the King before the divorce from the 2nd husband) were responsible for the refusal by TPTB to recognize even a morganatic marriage between her and King Edward VIII.<br/><br/>At one point, the Duke and Duchess were under strong suspicion of passing U.K. secrets to the Nazis. A suspicion strong enough that both Sir Robert Vansittart and J Edgar Hoover where convinced of their complicity.<br/><br/>Let's put aside for now the fact that they spent the majority of the 30s cavorting around Europe with the likes of Goebbels and Hitler, here is a quote from the people they proclaimed to be their best friends.<br/><br/>"Diana Mosley, The Duchess of Windsor: A Memoir (1969) The Windsors agreed with me, and the Duchess was certainly politically sophisticated and knew exactly what she was doing and saying, that World War I had been a total failure, that it was a disaster the Austro-Hungarian Empire had been broken up, that the Versailles Treaty was grossly unfair, and that Germany should never have been encircled in the 1930s. If Hitler had been given a free hand to destroy Communism, and if he had been allowed to deport the Jews, if Britain and America had accepted them, there would have been no need for a holocaust. There was of course no room in Palestine for them. Hitler felt the Jews behaved abominably in Germany after World War I, and all he wanted to do was be rid of them. And one mustn't forget that anti-Semitism was endemic everywhere in Central Europe: the Poles hated them, the Czechs hated them, everyone did. Of course, my husband and the Windsors and I felt that we could not exonerate Hitler for being impatient and provoking World War II. With two egos like Churchill and Hitler, there was little chance for peace in the world. But still, if the right people had been in power in England, particularly Lloyd George, there could have been a negotiated peace."<br/><br/>And I'm not even going to include the numerous insults she leveled at other 'races' or the multiple other occasions on which she either excused or approved of Nazi rhetoric.<br/><br/>Yet, none of these important traits of the Duke & Duchess Windsor's personalities makes it into the show at all; traits that the rest of the Windsor family tried hard to avoid and disavow.<br/><br/>I would love to give this show a 9 or a 10, but this is irresponsible storytelling. And if you're going to omit something this important, what else are you leaving out? Change of cast doesnt even give u the desire to watch anymore.. If you can't even get the eye colour of the two main royals correct, what else doesn't matter. There are 7 billion people on earth and you can't find two who have blue eyes?!! I'm finished. The season only has 2 good episodes.<br/><br/>Claire Foy MUST come back as well as Vanesa Kirby.
Colman does not hit the mark. Helena is a disaster.
Two years wasted.<br/><br/>Bring her back! Fabulous production. Too bad the writers have lazily fallen back on tired clichÃ©s and stereotypes in portraying the main characters. I have read extensively about the monarchy, and if the writers of this series have also done so, it is not evident here.<br/><br/>By all accounts, Queen Elizabeth and the Prince Philip are delightful, down-to-earth, good humored people, so completely without affectation that they once spoke of someone they had met as being "too posh for people like us." <br/><br/>In that regard, the end of "The Marionettes" episode was particularly galling. The Queen Mother was not the arch, sour snob she is here. She was a bright and happy woman who understood her calling and gave all 100+ years to serving joyfully. (Serving joyfully is a concept apparently lost on the creators of this dreary exercise.) <br/><br/>Instead, the writers are sympathetic to poor lost Margaret and the wretched Duke and Duchess of Windsor, self-absorbed characters who lived empty purposeless lives. Not into Season 3, but I'm giving it 2 Stars because of Helena Bonham-Carter and Erin Doherty. Quite frankly, it's the worst season out of the three. I have no idea why people are ranting and raving about how great The Crown is because Season 3 is a struggle to watch. Olivia Colman, with all of her talent, is absolutely unbearable as the Queen. She just can't bring the Queen to life the way Claire Foy did in Seasons 1 and 2. Tobias Menzies as Phillip is like watching a reanimated embalmed corpse. I wish he would stay off the screen, he's cringy. Helena Bonham-Carter in episode 2 was marvelous, but she has so little to do, why is she even in the series? What a waste of talent. Josh O'Connor as Prince Charles is good, but outside of Bonham-Carter, Erin Doherty as Princess Anne is the other bright light in THE most drab, boring vanilla season in this series. It's like watching paint dry. There's so many forgettable characters and episodes, where does one begin. I honestly feel that after this lackluster season, I'm pretty much done with The Crown. The powers-that-be should have simply stayed with the original cast and aged them. Hollywood is full of special effects wizardry, they should have allowed them to work their magic. Why are Olivia Coleman's costumes so dowdy looking. Claire Foy always looked impeccable. That blue dress Coleman had on Ep 3, looked like a maid's dress they just pulled out of the dryer. Coleman is also lacking facial expressions. She always looks so dismal. I guess because she has those distinct teeth and if she shows them, she'll just look like regular Olivia Coleman. An outstanding season. Each episode pretty much stands on its own and got better as the series progressed. As I watched each one, I thought "this is my favorite", but the next one was always better in a different way. Actors are superb. Every one of the principal characters deserves some kind of award. Netflix scored big on this one. Olivia Colman is a serious casting mistake. She doesn't have the subtlety that Claire Foy had. Her prominent teeth mean she often gapes when she's finished speaking and her posh voice sounds stagey and makes it more of an impression that an impersonation. Foy could speak with apparent strong determination yet her sensitive nature was covered with a thin veneer.
Many of the performances in this season are bordering on caricature. Some almost pantomime. This is a shame because the first two seasons were almost faultless.
Bonham Carter is unfortunate in having to follow the extraordinary performance of Vanessa Kirby who was a good likeness facially to Margaret. Perhaps the Queen is less in the focal point in the first 5 episodes, or perhaps Claire Foy did a too impressive job in the first 2 seasons, while the rest of the cast shines in all way, the Queen of this season doesn't quite stand out as expected. HBC performance as Princess Margaret is nothing short award winning As counters foil to Coleman's ER II is take the relationship of these two women to next level in Episode 3.2 Enjoy. It's an ok show, in terms of the way it's done at least. Still, I have to protest the very gesture of romanticizing the life of the monarchy and so-called "nobility". Even if, as it's becoming increasingly clear in the context of today's politics, monarchy does have its strong suites, I can't help but feel that there is a fetishization at work here, and I don't like it. So 6/10 it is. The main complaint by user reviews are for the historical inaccuracies. Sadly, these reviewers seemed to have come to the wrong party. This is a sumptuous, beautifully filmed vignette of British history. As with most historical dramas, it has to be taken with a grain of salt. If your only requirement is for verbatim interpretation, then perhaps you should confine your choices to the history channel. Otherwise, I recommend you sit back and revel in the subtle nature of this piece. Beneath the trimmings what comes across is the magnitude and the isolation that was thrust upon an (expectedly) unwitting young woman soon to become the sovereign leader of the British Empire. Without any of us having been in attendance, we an only imagine that this transition was no bed of roses for all of concerned. So even if there were gross exaggerations, what (I believe) is true is the tumultuous nature of this transition. That, to me, more so than anything else makes this such an interesting piece. Sit back, relax and enjoy. Like many others, I found the cast change jarring during the first four or five episodes but found that as I got used to the characters, the later episodes equaled or surpassed the quality of the first 2 seasons.<br/><br/>Olivia Coleman by the end proves to be even more deep and sympathetic than Claire Foy, even though I was skeptical at the beginning. Tobias Menzies is perfect throughout and provides a seamless progression from Matt Smith as Phillip. Josh O' Conner and Erin Doherty are fabulous as Prince Charles and Princess Anne.<br/><br/>I think the last five or so episodes of Season 3 are probably better than anything in the first two seasons. So, if you're like me, and were nostalgic for the original cast when starting to watch this new season, just stick with it. Maybe it is good to quit while ahead. Season Three has some great actors like Olivia Colman, Helena Bonham Carter and the rising star Josh O'Connor but the story line is totally soapy and gone awry. Suggest you watch it before bedtime; will help you go to sleep. 6/10 only because the costumes and setting are still pretty good. Incredibly eloquent in aesthetic, directing, acting, dialogue and, above all else, its exploration of the various philosophical attitudes held by different characters, and emotional heft of action and consequence in regards to (for some) seemingly mundane dilemmas. The series managed to establish a relatable, emotionally sophisticated exploration of a family (and politicians) we wouldn't, at least at first glance, believe we had much in common with. A series focused on unveiling the very human side behind a subject and setting which isn't often viewed under such a light. This show has a little bit of everything, and most definitely holds a lot of appeal to anyone remotely into drama. The only complaint I can see being made about The Crown is that the pacing can be a little slow, though this was not a problem for myself. Extraordinary talented pool of actors , historical accurate plot, cunning cinematography,and gripping nerve racking dialogues -- this is season 3. Olivia Colmen and Helna bonham Carter gives performances that will give you master class in acting, this might be their career best performances which tells a lot about these academy award nominated and winner artists. The 3 season is really disappointing. I mean I know this actors but after the first two seasons a new actors looks so incredible to me. I was a real fan of those series and now just disappeared If you are looking for a fantastic historical drama about what it means to be a (British) royal, look no further than The Crown. But be warned: if you are looking for a series that gushes over the royal family, I implore you to look elsewhere, for this is not that show. Whilst being a royal looks glamorous on the outside, it is quite a different story behind the glitz. I will just say this: prior to watching The Crown, I was a supporter of the British monarchy; now, not so much.<br/><br/>Like any family, the British royals have weathered trials and tribulations, which is exactly what is at the heart of The Crown. The actors perform the stories stunningly, as do the sets, costumes, etc. Her Majesty herself, Claire Foy, embodies the role perfectly, though is a bit subdued compared to most of the other characters. Jared Harris is a joy to watch as King George VI. The real star of the show, however, is Matt Smith. He steals every scene he appears in and breathes life into an otherwise (but understandably) stuffy show.<br/><br/>The Crown would get 10 stars from me if not for two things: the first being that finale isn't as climactic and interesting as previous episodes; the second is the casting of Winston Churchill. John Lithgow puts in fine work here and a good accent to boot, but that does not negate the fact that he is an American and Churchill was most certainly NOT. Being as unnecessary as it is, this casting choice borders on unforgivable.<br/><br/>At the heart of The Crown is fascinating insight into what Queen Elizabeth II and the royal family were like as people behind closed doors (50+ years ago); it doesn't take long to realize that these people, despite their titles and lifestyles, are as human as any of us. Oh my, could only manage two episodes. It is slow and tedious. Bravo! Our obsession with all things regal and statecraft is celebrated by this finest shining achievement which is a most in-depth series dramatizing the burdens associated with having flesh and blood constitution beneath the almighty weight of the British crown; family ties, bureaucratic entanglements, the intricacies of regal obligations to the state and the many different peoples of many different countries within the Commonwealth, and the difficulties of remaining personally separate, differentiated, and completely silent about how difficult it all is to manage well, or if it can even be managed at all. And... more interestingly... what really happens when it all gets mucked up and goes sideways. Season One available and streaming in-full and entirely without interruptions right now at Netflix.com Series 3.
Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful.
Dreadful writing.
Dreadful production.
Dreadful acting.
Go watch Victoria instead. Skip this series if you have any regard for the truth. <br/><br/>Too bad the writer and producer, Peter Morgan, is so very intent on defaming the Royal Family and nearly everyone else involved in British society at the time. Most notably its males. <br/><br/>The result is that otherwise stellar qualities of cast and crew are squandered, and Hollywood is yet again made to look like the clumsy propaganda arm of the political left. And paying viewers its long- suffering dupes.<br/><br/>A role it has relished since at least the 1960s and shows no signs of disavowing. Why on earth did they not just use make up artists for Claire foy to look older. Season 3 is so boring it's all about horse breeding and astronauts. The new queen can't act as good as Claire foy in this series. I fell asleep watching this so many times. Until Season 2 I enjoyed this show very much and recommended to everyone as a very serious and profound work. But now I am outraged by absolutely untrue story about alleged romance between the greatest Russian ballerina Ulanova, who visited London and performed in 1956, being 47 years old, and Prince Philip. How come that the creators of the show did not do elementary fact check and so easily tinted the name of the most respected and world famous artist? They even have gone so far as to put some young Asian chick to impersonate the goddess of dance, which was just ridiculous! Why when it comes to Russia or former Soviet Union western movie makers create such hideous unbelievable stories? I absolutely lost interest in this show because how can I believe anything it tells us about the Queen and her family? Seasons one and two were excellent. In season three I find I am watching a totally different program.....one which is terrible. Changing the entire cast was stupid and more than ill-advised. What were they thinking? Claire Foy was brilliant, sensitive and very likable, very much like Queen Elisabeth II.<br/><br/>I am not sure I can endure Seasons Three and Four with the present cast. Maybe the cast for Seasons Five and Six will be better. I do hope the writing improves!!!!!!!! As all British series, it's very well-made and the actors are great.
But...what about historical accuracy?
A few examples: is it true that prince Phillip was seen drunk at receptions? That he threatened to divorce the Queen because he cold no longer stand having to walk two steps behind her?
And how likely is it that Jackie Kennedy would tell the Queen that she and her husband were high on amphetamines during the dinner at Buckingham Palace, or that president Kennedy got angry with her for upstaging him in Paris and hit her? She was known to be an intensely private person with a lot of dignity so it does not seem like something she'd ever do.
Over the years, I have read a lot of books about the Kennedys, but I've never come cross that information before (about the amphetamines, yes, but not that the president got angry with her in Paris nor about her private audience with the Queen to apologise for things she had said about her and the Buckingham P).
So what I wonder is if that was more for dramatic effect than historical accuracy...? The reason i started watching this was because i hoped for some kind of real life drama, but i guess since I'm not a British man a mannered "fight" over what flower to put in the vase is not that exciting.
The royal institution is belong to the past and interests no one but the old queen and some weird old British people. This show is no different.
This show is literally one the most boring and grueling thing i have ever watched.
Its 3 stars and no less only for the authentic acting. Rather than that 1 star show. Season one and two is amazing season three a disaster An absolute disaster I have no words I simply cannot get past Coleman's portrayal of the Queen. Sadly I cannot continue to watch the series. Nothing more to be said.... It is a testament to how good this series is that a dramatization of such a well known person and such well known events could be so mesmerizing. The detail is just mind boggling. There is such painstaking detail to recreate each scene from Commonwealth tours to minor ones. The sets are sumptuous and the costumes are perfect. No wonder it cost so much to make. The writing is superb with such good dialog in the intimate scenes that one only imagined before. Just finished season 1, all 10 episodes and each one is better than the last. Quite shocking to see on screen (even though it is known) is the vitriolic hatred Edward VIII had for the rest of the Windsors due to the treatment of Wallis.<br/><br/>Some of the outstanding aspects of this first season are the handling of marriage with divorced persons - both with Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson and with Princess Margaret's love for the divorced Peter Townsend. A well handled angle is the difficult position the Queen finds herself in. Even marital conflict is shown with Prince Philip portrayed rather negatively. Do feel more sympathy for the Queen after watching this series.<br/><br/>The flaw in this series is the jarring miscasting of some of the characters. Jared Harris looks too different from George VI and the actress who plays the Queen Mother is also terribly miscast - she should have been a plumper more round looking actress. They don't capture their essences. Vanessa Kirby is a bit indelicate for Margaret - maybe a bit large. Claire Foy does a good imitation of the Queen's accent but she has a rather hesitant look - more suitable for the household staff than the Queen. She doesn't look regal. But maybe she will change later. Physically her face is rather too different. Surprisingly Matt Smith the weird actor from Dr Who although uglier than Prince Phillip does capture his essence. John Lithgow even though too tall acts so well as Churchill it's quite award worthy. But the errors in casting don't prevent this series being outstanding television. I loved the first two series. I've been binge watching the third season and it's just boring. I don't see chemistry between anyone but Charles and Anne. Now Elizabeth and Margaret don't have blue eyes. It seems ridiculous (and somewhat insulting) that this very simple detail was blatantly ignored. Some of these episodes make Elizabeth look like a horrible person and a terrible mother. I understand this isn't a documentary and that some artistic license was taken, but they could have gotten a bit closer to the actual truth of a few instances. Hopefully, the fourth series will bring in new actors. I have just finished watching Series 3 and thoroughly enjoyed it. The change of cast worked perfectly for me, Olivia Coleman plays the Queen as she is, and Helen Bonham Carter is perfect as Princess Margaret. The biggest change for the better though is Tobias Menzies as Prince Philip. For me, Matt Smith was always the weak link in Series 1 & 2. Watching him, I often found myself wandering, what on earth the Queen saw in him, but Menzies brings a completely new, more adult dimension to the character and we can clearly see why the relationship has worked so well and how important Philip has been to Elizabeth.<br/><br/>Series 3 has brought in other equally good actors, Josh O'Connor is excellent as Prince Charles and whilst Erin Doherty as Princess Anne, only has small scenes, she steals the show whenever she appears. I loved the storylines as well, obviously some dramatic license has been taken, but the writing is so good, that it always makes perfect sense.<br/><br/>Bravo to all concerned and I can't wait for Season 4, when Princess Diana and Margaret Thatcher enter the stage. Queen Elizabeth II's life couldn't possibly have been this boring. The series is a great touch up on history. Of course there are inaccuracies, but it does give the gist of how lame the Queen's life is. I suddenly felt better about my average life after watching this show.<br/><br/>I think this should have been a Princess Margaret show. She's more interesting.<br/><br/>The acting is phenomenal, which is one of the reasons I'll continue to watch this show. That and the fact that I already know how it all ends (light humour).<br/><br/>I gave this show a 6 because I feel that the front woman should have been someone other than the Queen. She's so drab. There seems to be a lot of hate against season 3. I think this mainly stems from the new actors and the way they're playing their character. I think what you have to keep in mind is that its just generally in the nature of people to become more dull and less enchanting when they get older. I think they did An excellent job portraying each character according to their age and I alsof think the actors were a great fit. If you dont like the season it seems to me maybe that's because you don't like people getting older, not because the quality of the show went down. I absolutely loved the first 2 seasons and was looking forward to the continued story, however Season 3 is a huge disappointment. This shows the queen as unlikable and unfeeling which I'm sure is not true. Outstanding performances are Princess Anne, the Prime Minister and the Welsh teacher. I'm bored and not sure I can even bother to continue. How could they get the other portrayals of the Royal family so wrong? Damned shame. From brilliant to bring. Where for season 1 and 2 a rating of 10 would be deserving, season 3 is around 7
Why? The season starts around 1964 when the Queen was 38, and the actor looks 50ish
Princess Margaret had a very graceful figure, not this actor, sorry The depiction of her early life is intriguing, but later it just descends into pompous English poppycock. Totally agree. Season 3 is bad. Wake up sheeple critics! Not to take away from Olivia Coleman who is of course an amazing actress; however, woefully miscast in this role following Claire Foy who will remain the screen Queen of our hearts. Coleman's Queen is wholly unlikeable, perhaps on purpose. Rest of the supporting cast, especially Bonham-Carter are excellent, and once you look past the new Queen, the series is okay, but nothing of what it once was! Fascinating as always. What a good season.
And really, Olivia Colman did such a great job in depicting the Queen in the show.
The show also allowed me to get more familiar with some of the big events in history, like Aberfan, or the Apolo Mission. Loved series 1and 2. Spent months waiting for series 3. Have viewed the first 5 episodes of the new series and basically lost interest,a view shared by my partner. We cannot identify with some of the new casting. The stories are grey and basically boring. the Investiture and Coup episodes for example.
That's it no more Crown viewing for us First two seasons, not so much. 3rd season was so fun to watch because Olivia Colman is so fun to watch. Tobias Menzies is also an Emmy-worthy addition - tremendous job. Helena Bonham-Carter almost manages to wreck the whole watching experience as she is sub-par. But thankfully, she doesn't have nearly as much screen time and Colman and Menzies. They are delightful! I have thoroughly enjoyed 'The Crown' and been impressed by the great writing, acting and direction of this great series. I felt Claire Foy had the grace, poignancy and stiff upper lip that I imagine the young queen herself would possess.<br/><br/>Season 3 has age writing, and amazing atmosphere of majesty well in hand, but Olivia Colman (who has been a great actress) is just a shadow of Foy's royal heinous performance.<br/><br/>Colman's Queen is self deprecating and you vulnerable for a woman who has been through all that we've witnessed of the struggles in season 1 and 2. Perhaps it's cruel to expect anyone to carry on in the original; character's stead, but in this case it simply doesn't work. The other new actors don't live up tp their predecessors either, in my opinion, though all are very good at how they play their characters.
Vanessa Kirby is the finest actor I've seen in decades....it's almost unbelievable how believable her portrayal of Margeret has been. Helena Bonham Carter is amazing in everything she does, including 'The Crown' but even she cannot steal the lesser crown from Ms.Kirby.
I continue to watch and if I try not to recall the first two seasons, I do enjoy these episodes, but I'm afraid they will always be the red headed step children of this series. This was braver than I thought it would be but it IS STILL imagined fiction. Only the facts we KNOW to be true can be trusted the rest is all imagined. They weren't as kind this time. And that works more for its possibly being closer to truth. I recall the Queens jubilee as we had to stand in that rain as she she drove by in a powder blue outfit. I know newspapers werent as clear in 1977 but we all had portraits up of the queen and she did indeed age a bit faster as she had no vanity to stop time using much make up or surgery. The actress is FINE, people dont like change. I get it.( Imagine if Amber Heard suddenly became the new Daenerys Targaren! ) People would be....um furiously creating online petitions that no shorunner or casting agent would give two tits about. HOWEVER its a tv show BASED ON REAL PEOPLE who act out their lives WHEN in public.
If it werent for the gossipy nature of people & the press we wouldnt know this much. Go with it or don't. Overall a well done piece of great tv. Get OVER the new cast members and just be glad you got Charles Dance as much as you did. He's worth it! I will watch the next season and the one after THAT. The rest can watch documentary footage which is pretty sleazy by the time Diana gets there....8/10 for not using CGI to at least change their eyecolours...there! I REALLY think they did Anne well! ALSO the mother of Philip is easily the coolest royal I knew of her before so that was great too. This will be news for all the tabloid people. We are better for knowing the people behind the big players. I like the new details provided they are accurate. The rest is just entertainment. But if the royals were just like everyone else then my age old question remains: WHY DO WE NEED THEM THEN? A study of power and vulnerability. Foy and Lithgow are superb. Great storyline. Great acting, especially by Claire Foy and Matt Smith. Love the costumes and the cinematography. Excellent production. Every episode just keep you glued for more. Look forward to the next Season! Great historical drama series with excellent acting and magnificent scenery. But I couldn't help getting somewhat bored by the 7th episode. Perhaps this is because of the time we live in, where politic has nearly become a dirty word. Seeing the stifling atmosphere of the British Court and Parliament, as accurately portrayed as they are, makes me wonder if we'll ever grow up as a species. It sometimes feel like a theater play where everybody is a puppet on strings, pulled by some unknown phenomena. The King shooting birds, a sister who's life is destroyed, an Empire in decadence and a heroic prime minister who never knows when to quit, I was actually suffering for them. Yet, Queen Elisabeth elicit respect and comes through honestly trying to make the best of what freedom of action she has, helped along by a part time, cynical and frustrated husband. The sound environment of the drama is utterly pompous. I had to have my remote in hand all the time when any dialogue ended and the music rose up so much that I risked getting knocks on the wall from my neighbors. One thing I retained from the series is that being a king or a queen is much more a malediction as anything else. The Crown of Crowns The opening credits will remind you of Game of Thrones - music with a heavy base line and galloping tempo and the animated metamorphoses of something metallic, this time not the cogs of an imagined castle, but a crown. All this for a story about a strident but soft- spoken young princess about to be queen. Instead of the blood and gore of GOT there is the constant roiling bronchial cough of King George that is only interrupted by heavy drags on his cigarettes. This cacophonous heavily smoke-fogged scene is repeated a half-dozen times in the first episode to be certain we don't miss the point: the king and all of his doctors see no connection of his smoking to the onset of lung cancer. It's as unsettling as any battle scene in GOT. Throughout the series the throbbing music score which portends enemy sieges in GOT here is used to accompany Elizabeth as she walks up stairs or enters a palace or rides in an automobile. This show is for you if you dislike subtlety. Every important plot point is foreshadowed by courtly sorts or cabinet members discussing the seriousness of what's about to happen, then it happens with lots of musical queues to tell you how to feel when it happens. Since there is no mystery about Elizabeth's future or past, it's all for nothing. Her inner life, psychological struggles, secret loves or hates are never explored. This is a Life Magazine version of young Elizabeth. John Lithgoe does a caricature of Winston Churchill he probably wants to disown. The only reason to watch this heavy-handed trivial story is Eileen Atkins who plays Elizabeth's grandmother. I really don't get why many people are in awe of this title. Nothing happens as British roayalty is a boring. Granted, costumes are great, but that is it. No scandals, no plots, no story...Since there is no real interesting story, the actors over-act to make us believe something is happening while there is not.I Had to work myself through the first episode and I do not believe it is a plot spoiler if I say that they get married in the first episode and that is about it. Kept thinking about the red wedding in Game of Thrones and how exciting that wedding was compared to this one. The red wedding took about 2-3 minutes, this one about half an hour and felt like hours. As Netflix does not want to get on the wrong side of British Royalty, I am sure this will stay a very tame and lame series for all the remaining episodes. I am not going to waste my time on this series anymore and will instead be reading a book on the Romanovs (Simon Sebag Montefiori). Now that is interesting Royalty! The four engined bombers flying over London at the start of episode 7 are factually innaccurate because the RAF had no 4 engined bombers in 1940 The Crown's creator Peter Morgan had already had a lot of experience with royalty-inspired films and TV series, such as Henry VIII (2003), The Queen (2006) and The Last King of Scotland (2006), but this is definitely the peak of his career.<br/><br/>Well-crafted and beautifully produced, The Crown is simply a joy to watch. It is a tale about a young and rather inexperienced woman that takes on a very serious duty she is still not prepared for. Thanks to the help and support of her Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill, Elizabeth II is slowly but surely grows into the much- beloved Queen, who in 2017 became the only British monarch to celebrate a Sapphire Jubilee. You do not have to be a royalist to enjoy it.<br/><br/>The Crown offers a stunning portrayal of the mid-20th century and of historical and political circumstances of the time. It also gives the audience a chance to learn more about 'how the other half lives', and most interestingly, about the personalities and private lives of the British Royal Family. In spite of some inaccuracies, The Crown still manages to send a powerful message: great power and great privileges come with great restrictions and great responsibilities.<br/><br/>Claire Foy and John Lithgow simply own the roles they are playing, The Queen and Sir Winston Churchill, respectively. Those two deserve all the accolades they have received for their performances. Jared Harris shines as George VI; although he looks nothing like him, his stellar performance makes you forget about that. Eileen Atkins is also great as Queen Mary, although her performance shows Queen Mary in a different light than the usual accounts present her. Matt Smith, Pip Torrens and Jeremy Northam are all very convincing in their roles.<br/><br/>However, I have to disagree with some of the cast choices. Vanessa Kirby is pretty and charming, but not enough to play the late Princess Margaret. Alex Jennings gives a great performance as the former king Edward VIII, now the Duke of Windsor, but for some reason, his voice in this drives me crazy. But the biggest mismatch, in my opinion, is Victoria Hamilton as The Queen Mother. That is most certainly not the woman Adolf Hitler once described as 'the most dangerous woman in Europe'.<br/><br/>In spite of some minor flaws, the first series of The Crown is great enough to make you want to see the second one, which, given that it will portray the Suez crisis, sounds even more exciting. I do not know why this is so popular. I really tried to love it, I adore historical drama and had high hopes. <br/><br/>But this was such a snooze fest, the whole time I wondered why should I care about this? The main character appears to be catatonic. I did not get interested in any of the characters or their motivations or the general plot.<br/><br/>I quit after 3 episodes, after I started to regret all the seconds of my life ticking away for no reason.<br/><br/>Victoria on the other hand is the exact opposite, exciting, interesting, dramatic, fun. This is the best TV Show in years. It makes the audience love the Royal Family, understand them, and more than anything else makes people understand, realize the hard work Her Majesty has and has been doing throughout her Reign. All the Actors are amazing, but I would want to add that Ms Foy and Matt Smith are just incredible, so much talent, class, reality, and so good looking :). The different locations as the Royal Family's Residences, the countryside locations are stunning, I have not done it yet but will google whether the shootings were done in the actual Palaces. I hope the second season will not be long to start - Thank you for this great show and can't wait for the next seasons !! Monarchist propaganda, just for grannies to watch - this is what part of the audience has been saying about it... Well, it just seems that I have seen the wrong series, where the Windsors are portrayed as full of fancies, the Crown is portrayed as sheer circus pageantry, King Edward VIII as a pernicious playboy, the Duke of Edinburgh as a narcissist who gained the love lottery but does not value it sufficiently, Princess Margaret as a populist party girl... Not even Churchill escapes blame, as a senile leader who burns his own portrait painted by Graham Sutherland... And the cast, heavens! We never saw a wax museum reproduced with such perfection and visual 'whims.' Lithgow speaks just like Winston, Northam is Eden as is, Foy - who had already brilliantly performed Little Dorritt and Ann Boleyn - embodies the absolutist mentality including all its Inherent weaknesses. Very seldom we have seen so much opulence - both in form and content. And WOW no less than four great directors - Martin and Caron, from the Wallander series (which I keep seeing and re-seeing), Jarrold (from SIlent Witness and Brideshead Revisited), Daldry (from The Hours, Billy Eliot, The Reader) I have never been very good at writing reviews, but The Crown inspired me enough to get an IMDb account in order for me to do so.<br/><br/>I have never been so captivated by anything as much as I have with this series. <br/><br/>Bravo to the creators of this series for it has been executed brilliantly !<br/><br/>Right up there with Downton Abbey, & House Of Cards. I would even go as far as saying that it exceeds both of those.<br/><br/>Acting, storyline, costumes, cinematography and pace all exceptional. <br/><br/>Bravo to creator Peter Morgan and to all the cast and crew as well as to Netflix ! Love "The Crown," at least Seasons 1 and 2. The characters were well-chosen for the people they portray. I was so much looking forward to Season 3. Alas, the characters in Season 3 are in no way representative of who they are supposed to be. (And a Lyndon Johnson without a Southern accent is pretty ridiculous.) The characters could have been aged rather than replaced. I have lost interest. Such a shame. This is a perfect example of 'If it ain't broke, . . . As someone who is not a big enthusiast of the the Royal family, I have to say this is one of the most amazing tv series in recent years. Fascinating, enciteful, witty, sad, and heart wrenching. The acting by Clare Foy is captivating and honest and you can't stop yourself from feeling nothing but empathy for our queen. Even if you hate the royals please please don't miss out it is simply superb. I loved the first two seasons of this show and was looking forward to this one. Olivia Colman, a real-life acting queen who never ceases to amaze, and Helena Bonham Carter, delightful in anything she's in, were both terrific here, while Erin Doherty as Princess Anne and Tobias Menzies as Philip were uncannily like the real-life people. The casting overall was great, and as usual, the production was sumptuous and top-notch. But the season as a whole was kind of a letdown from the first two, because each episode had a different focus without much tying it together (and basically I just wanted lots more of the Princesses, Margaret and Anne). The writing was too on the nose in some places, but I did end up feeling more sympathy for Charles, in how his family contrived to keep him from marrying Camilla, and this season seemed to be winding up for S04, which covers 1979-1992 and will feature Diana (which is what we've all been waiting for). I did enjoy it, but having Prince Andrew constantly in the news and knowing he's a sexual predator who won't be held accountable for his crimes due to his privilege, took away a bit of my pleasure and reinforced my belief the entire British monarchy is an unnecessary anachronism in a modern society. I thought a long time before writing this review. I struggle giving the series an overall star rating because seasons 1&2 were so amazing but season 3 is so lacking.<br/><br/>Everyone has commented on the actor changes and yes this does impact the characters slightly. But I feel there is a deeper disconnect in this 3rd season. It's really about the writing, storyline and perspective.<br/><br/>Seasons 1 & 2 gave us beautiful haunting insight into WHY each of the royal members were the way they were. We subtly saw how they struggled and the ways they found their own selves to be lacking. Insecurities, combined with explanation of how each were restricted and stiffled by their role and duties combined to create characters that even if you didn't like you UNDERSTOOD.<br/><br/>Claire Foy was amazing. She gave the queen a glimpse of a backbone, a desire to learn and be better, and the storylines led us to infer that while her hands were legally tied from much impact that she had interest and concern about the country.<br/><br/>This 3rd season was written, directed and portrayed in the opposite manner. Scenes are laid out to make the royals act snobbish - even discourteous - to their servants and guests. The queen is written to be not only ignorant due to a lack of schooling but also completely void of interest in knowing ANYTHING. She is played to be flaky, unfeeling, dense and completely ineffective. I understand that part of the story cover years where popular thinking questioned the purpose of the royal family. If this had been tackled in S1 or 2 we would have seen each character's struggle with it and felt for them. As it is in S3 it seems like they don't even feel they are relevant themselves.<br/><br/>We've been pampered by the writing and acting in the first 2 seasons. It was a realistic and raw love story to the time and the monarchy. This season is simply a boring flat flop bashing the institution. Weird twist. I think they captured the Queen's likeness very well in this series as well as Prince Phillip and Margaret. Once I started to watch, I couldn't wait for the next episode. It has given me a new love for the Queen of England and her family that I never had before. I think she is beautiful and reminds me a lot of my own grandmother, even when she was young. This series is very well written and the acting by all is very, very good. It must be very difficult getting the balance between what is known to be fact and what needs to be added for dramatic effect and to complete the story. I assume huge amounts of research went in to the story and I can only hope that it is as accurate as it can be.<br/><br/>However putting this aside I have thought at the episodes have been great with season 3 being by far the best.<br/><br/>The cinematography is gorgeous, the script both crisp and funny when required. All the actors have been amazing and I don't really want to praise anyone over another.<br/><br/>I was worried this was either going to be a love fest for the royals or sensationalism and over dramatic. I do like the overall idea of the royal family although some of the individuals leave a little to be desired. So I wanted a balanced view and think I got it.<br/><br/>I initially assumed it would be a program my mother only would like but found myself drawn in.<br/><br/>It appears to give an insight into the pressure and challenges facing the family as it has moved through history. It certainly made me think that even with all that money and property it definitely hasn't guaranteed happiness and I really don't envy them.<br/><br/>It is very subtle in making its overall points and I like to think if they ever watched it, whilst they may think "we that never bloody happened" they would appreciate the take on their lives.<br/><br/>My favourite episodes mostly fall within season 3 with Aberfan being one of the most emotional bits of TV I have ever watched. The last 2 minutes are so well shot and draw you in right until that crucial final second which I think sums up the whole point i make above.<br/><br/>As a guy in my 40s trying to find my place in an ever changing world a particularly liked the episode "moon dust" and whilst one of the slower episodes it really hit home, and with Prince Philip having retired recently with health concerns it made it even more poignant.<br/><br/>If you detest the Royal Family you will probably pick a lot of fault with the program however if you take it as a reflection of a family facing unique challenges it is amazing. Third Season:
While it took a while to warm up to the new queen (the earlier Claire Foy was so much more winsome and charming!) once Prince Charles enters the scene (literally), he makes sure we invest in the drama completely! Who would have thought one would empathise with Prince Charles! Josh O Connor as Prince Charles is superb! He is sensitive, acutely self aware, awkward of his legacy and so hungry for maternal love. His hurt is so palpable when he is royally ignored by his mother after his brief but difficult stint at Wales and the inspired, inclusive speech he gives at his investiture ceremony. One wonders why the Queen could not be a more affectionate mother.
My favourite was the last 15 minutes of the Season Finale. It was so good I watched it twice! Beautifully rounds up the Queen as a person and as a monarch. If you're a fan of British TV/cinema you will actually see LOTS of familiar faces. As soon as I saw Eileen Atkins in the credits it was a no-brainer: I MUST WATCH!! Ohhhh and she delivers. We get an intimate, extraordinary, and positively breath-taking look at the mechanics, politics and scandals of the Royal family. The production values are so rich one can easily lose himself in the visuals alone. Fantastic performers and I have only seen Season 1!!! Binge watching a season at a time provides a sense of continuity because of the many and minute details. I have EVERY intention of seeing them all and I hiiiiigly recommend!!!( I think that the lame representation of those Presidents and First Ladies, calls into question the depictions of other characters in this drama.<br/><br/>Though I'm watching other episodes and find them interesting, I'm going to leave this particular review, with no stars. Season 3 cast were superb, my favorite being Princess Anne that was portrayed well. Absolutely enjoyable, makes one find out the real facts. While I enjoyed the first 2 seasons very much and, for the most part, season 3, I find the characterization of LBJ to be rather shallow and not really representative of what Johnson was really like. He was sharp, astute, caring, tough. This shows him as a buffoon and he was never a buffoon, never. It's a stereotypical portrayal of a Texan. He was gruff, no doubt, but never like he is shown to be. But other than that, it has still been a well made series. As writers, we are taught that you mustn't make errors that will take your readers 'out of the story'. This could be, for instance, dialogue or action by a character that is out of character.
In S03 of The Crown, the mistake was made in casting. Both Queen Elizabeth and her sister, Princess Margaret were known for their beautiful blue eyes. This has been spoken of in an historical context. Blue eyes are dominant in the royal family.
So let's look at the casting. Claire Foy was perfect in seasons 1 & 2. Lovely blue eyes and that sudden smile that lit her face (just like the Queen). Not so with Olivia Coleman. I couldn't stand her as Queen Elizabeth in looks or acting, and I just couldn't overcome it. It took me 'out of the story'.
Helen Bonham Carter played the role of Princess Margaret well, but again the brown eyes.
I loved Josh O'Connor as Charles. Wow, what a performance! But those brown eyes yet again!
How was it that three out of the four main characters had brown eyes instead of blue? Totally absurd.
As were the storylines in some of the episodes. Clunky. Absurd. Terrible dialogue.
I enjoyed seasons 1 & 2 and looked forward to enjoying this season. Instead, I was so off that I had to write this review. I love it, this series is what you call a piece of art. Over all amazing work by cast and crew. I want to see more! I'm gobsmacked by how well executed this series is. Everything about it is exceptional - from the attention to detail, the pace, the story arc. Lithgow, Foy and Smith are quite simply amazing - acting at their finest. How much is said in a mere glance or facial expression is quite astonishing. Thank-you Netflix for showing that you can produce the most compelling show on television without the need for the gratuitous sex and violence. The most expensive series in the history of Netflix, The Crown is a 10- part series about the early years of Elizabeth as Queen, and the effect that her rule had on her husband and sister.<br/><br/>As the niece of the King, Elizabeth and her sister Margaret enjoyed all the perks of royalty without being in line for the throne. This ended when King Edward (Alex Jennings) abdicated. Having no issue, his brother Bertie (Jared Harris) became George VI. While Elizabeth (Claire Foy) and her husband, Prince Philip (Matt Smith) were in Africa, King George died. And greatness was thrust upon the shoulders of Elizabeth.<br/><br/>The series shows Elizabeth's adjustment, her dealings with people like Winston Churchill, Anthony Eden, her Uncle David, the ex-King and now Duke of Windsor, and learning ultimately that there was a procedure, and while she ruled, she needed to follow the decisions of others.<br/><br/>One of her biggest family problems concerned her sister Margaret (Vanessa Kirby) and her affair with a divorced man, Peter Townsend (Ben Miles). It's hard to imagine nowadays how scandalous divorce was, and in this case, worse because it looked like Townsend had left his wife for Margaret. <br/><br/>This caused many problems for the Crown and between the sisters. Sadder yet, though the relationship was broken up, Margaret ended up divorced herself. There were also issues with Philip piloting - it seemed as if many family matters had to be approved of at a higher level. It must have been very frustrating. <br/><br/>(Divorce was still an issue when Jacqueline Kennedy was invited to the Palace, and the Palace refused to let her bring her divorced sister Lee. "But she's my host," Jacqueline objected, "and my sister!" Couldn't bring her.)<br/><br/>The series spares nothing in terms of opulence, the copying of actual gowns worn and other fashion looks of the era, and manages to work in actual footage of the coronation as people watched it on black and white television. The actors do a magnificent job, particularly Claire Foy who somehow IS the young Elizabeth; John Lithgow as Winston Churchill, Matt Smith as Philip, Alex Jennings as the Duke of Windsor. Though Vanessa Kirby is a wonderful Margaret, the real Margaret was actually more beautiful, though Kirby shows her flirtatious personality and charisma. Foy and Kirby also demonstrate beautifully the subtle and not-so-subtle moments of rivalry between the two women.<br/><br/>In terms of historical accuracy, from what I know, the series is accurate with a few caveats. One isn't really the fault of the production. It's said that Churchill's wife had the portrait that Sutherland did of her husband destroyed and supervised the destruction; in truth, the servants took it upon themselves to burn it as it was just somewhere taking up space. Clementine is reported to have said, "That's what I would have done."<br/><br/>Also, the Duchess of Windsor was not present during King George's abdication speech. I believe the story of Churchill and his secretary was fictionalized to bring in his awareness of the hospital problems.<br/><br/>The producers worked very hard to make The Crown as accurate as possible, working with historians, biographers, someone who actually worked in the Palace, newsreels, and newspapers. As with all non- fiction dramas, however, there were some liberties with the timing of events.<br/><br/>Truly excellent - can't wait for season 2. I just finished watching The Crown..on my phone...it was beyond splendid!
My family and I lived in London twice...in the 1960's and again in the 1970's.
Every part was perfectly cast. The costumes...the sets ..the locations...spot on!
I actually remember watching the news reports from Wales, while we were in our hotel at the start of our first residency, after that horrific event.
The cast was beyond amazing...the locations splendid...bravo to all. The Crown is a fantastically well made period Drama Everything is spot on a piece of history full of scandal ,politics & conspiracy<br/><br/>you learn so much while watching everything is so well executed every episode is it's own movie it's a series that demands your full attention<br/><br/>it is a slow build but once you commit to it it starts giving back .not a show to binge though one episode feels like enough it's a great watch but not always an easy watch a really phenomenal show though<br/><br/>if you like period dramas I think this is the one to watch "The Crown" has become one of the most renowned shows during the past few years. The series looks at Queen Elizabeth's reign, with each episode containing a micro-story. A lot of things have happened in that family, not all of it pleasant. Many of the awkward situations arise due to old-time rules and traditions about how the monarchy is supposed to do things. There are also servants to do the simplest tasks for the family members! I can see why Harry and Meghan wanted out.<br/><br/>Basically, it gives us ample insight into the day-to-day lives of the Windsors and their cohorts. Worth seeing. As the title of my review suggests, this series is not about the glorification of The Crown or the Queen herself, it's a story of the struggles, intricacies to hold the crown. It's about the justification of the Monarchy in modern times. The struggles of Britain, the interference of crown in it. The dynamics of the Royal Family. The sacrifices of Prince Phillip for Elizabeth.
Moving on to acting, every actor has done a superb job in essaying the role of the respective character. The writing was on the point, the dialogue exchanges between the characters were not the filler dialogues, just to fill the time, like many other shows, the dialogues are meaningful and have an impact on the story. The cinematography and the editing were amazing too, they created the Britain of whatever timeline they followed.
It's a must-watch series, must watch. I highly recommend it, trust me you won't be disappointed. This is the best series yet ! It should be shown in every home ! The success of a series is not just in the way it describes the story that keeps the audience glued but also in the attention to details right from Season 1 Episode 1 to season 3 Episode 10. The superb direction & script has made the audience capable of imagining the day in Queen's life with so much ease. It has nowhere judged the monarchy but presented it in the raw form which is beautiful and pristine.<br/><br/>The series has successfully removed the negative bias towards period dramas and created a platform for such concepts to come forth.<br/><br/>I specially appreciated the way the character of queen was formed in Season 1 & 2 and imposed itself in Season 3. We saw the queen struggle, learn, laugh, make merry, being kind, without emotions at times and even as a stubborn force. Apart from Queen, the character insights to other members of royal family as well as the various Prime Ministers was profound.<br/><br/>On of my personal take away was how a monarchy holds political relationships beyond government, the stability of which benefits the country in the long run.<br/><br/>It could have been a well rounded series if more insights of the people against the monarchy was presented to give the audience the other point of view. I have currently watched the first 6 episodes having watched the first two series and the standard continues to be outstanding. It is visually stunning, add in the script and committed acting and the result can only be utter brilliance. Quite simply an epic production. Well done to Everyone involved. Now having watched the complete series every word above remains as said except I would make a special mention for the particularly brilliant portrayal of Prince Charles by Josh O'Connor. Did find the casting of Prince Phillip unconvincing though, but still gets a 10. A masterclass and must watch. The "Private audience" is my favourite part of the series! The first two seasons of the Crown were impeccable and as near perfection as any show can hope to achieve.<br/><br/>Season Three brought changes. The changes in actors cannot be just because we are moving forward in time and age. It is possible the deeper significance of this change is that in seasons Three and Four we are being treated to not just older characters but literally different characters. As if the creators of the series actually want us to experience different impressions of each person, presenting us the whole person, in each character through a montage of inter-series expressions of the character using not only different actors but also different aspects of personality.<br/><br/>A very ambitious undertaking of an incredibly ambitious and expensive undertaking. And, it works. I think.<br/><br/>If there is a problem with season Three, it is that there are so many events to be covered that the timeline moves fast, events are summarized and in some cases skipped. Oh, and the Sixties? What sixties? We get David Bowie's Starman from 1972 but no Sixties and no Beatles (Yes, no Beatles, no Sixties. Did I say nobody is listening to a single Beatles song in England in the Sixties?)<br/><br/>Season Three History needs twenty episodes, not ten. And Heath's push into the European Communities and Wilson's referendum, skipped in favor of Margaret's personal life. The scene of Wilson's exit though is exceedingly well done and touching.<br/><br/>I would have given seasons One and Two eleven stars but there are only ten to give. I give season Three 9 stars by lending to it the two spare stars left over from my rating of Seasons One and Two. Otherwise I would have but 7 stars to give. If you like Victoria and Downton Abbey, this show is a combination of the two. Fascinating information on how the power is wielded and influenced by politicians and church leaders. Add the secondary players fighting to get their voices heard and rise up the ladder. Great casting, with exception of JFK, and outstanding performances by Claire Foy and John Lithgow. I plan to watch it again and really look forward to season 3. The negative reviews must be from bots who are programmed to hate everything. Ignore them. The Crown is the benchmark for great TV Series. Claire Foy is outstanding as Elizabeth II. Backed up by some brilliant performances by her fellow actors. Well written and beautifully crafted story telling.<br/><br/>I can't recommend how good this TV series is. Just watch it. You won't be disappointed. This was very well researched, a lot of money went into this series and it paid off! Amazing acting! This is the most expensive show on Netflix it is absolutely a must watch because of the visuals, acting and direction !! Plus its like a documentary you learn so much about the British political system and the monarchy !! This series has a very intresting story and makes me want to see more. "The Crown" is beautifully made, with no expense spared on the design of the sets, locations and costumes. Skillful acting by all the main players, especially Matt Smith as Prince Philip, Claire Foy as Queen Elizabeth, Vanessa Kirby as Princess Margaret, Jared Harris as King George VI and John Lithgow as Sir Winston Churchill. Also fine performances in some of the smaller roles, especially Greg Wise as Earl Mountbatten (and he looks just like him) and Jeremy Northam as Antony Eden. My only knocks: some glaring historical inaccuracies in the writing (which I found distracting), perhaps to pump up the tension or drama, and too many wink-wink suggestions of impropriety among the royals without any proof. One interesting element of "The Crown" is the exploration of the roles of various private secretaries to the royal family members, such as "Tommy" Lascelles and Martin Charteris. Very interesting series and well done. The writing and acting is so outstanding. It makes the show. The show is full of feeling that's oddly so relatable despite the royal life style. I love everything about the show. "The crown" is truely a transcendent cinematic experience in every department. From the clinically accurate attention to detail, to the mighty fine acting, everything reflects the amount of resources that's been put into this magnificent depiction of a young girl's upbringing as a queen and as a woman.. When I started watching this, I braced myself for a story which revolved around a single character.. Several episodes in, I was immersed in an astounding mixure of characters with enormous depth and color which soon made me realize how cleverly this show was written.. Given the fact that the show is inspired by historic events of a well respected family which has always been in the spotlight, I'd say the portrayal of certain delicate intricacies are handled with extreme caution and sheer brilliance.. The entire cast brings their hearts into the characters and the script maneuvers their talent efficiently so the viewer is focused on everything that's happening, but also in contact with the bigger picture. Also the breathtaking cinematography and picturesque locations are a treat to watch, which adds more icing to an already delicious cake...<br/><br/>The way I see it, The Crown is a venture that has taken cinematic artform to new limits with utmost care and due sophistication to the original inspiration, the Royal family and The Queen Elizabeth, the Second.. The Crown is an outstanding show. It beautifully shows the life of the Royal family and the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. Historical shows and films always hit it out of the park when made with accuracy, excellent direction, production and style. The Crown is an example of this. It is made with such style, poise and charm one is simply taken by the lives of the family and great historic figures over those years. <br/><br/>The acting is truly first class as is the production of the series which makes a dynamic, eventful and truly engaging show. Claire Foy is exceptional as the Queen as are the rest of the cast. Netflix has elevated its reputation as a service and the standards of television shows. Highly recommended. <br/><br/>8.5/10 The Crown is a real pleasure to watch. A production with such a refined attention to details and with such a perfect cast is almost unique. It is not particularly lavish, but it really succeeds in creating the atmosphere of the time. The characters sounds true, though we all know there is much fiction in the show together with real facts and events, but everything makes a sense. It is not a documentary, it is period drama at its best, beautifully made and really entertaining. Another reviewer said this series is binge-able, and that it exactly what I have just done, having joined Netflix for the purpose.
I was three in 1952, so the series covers my lifetime; I know who the characters are or were.
Of course I agree with other reviewers who have remarked on the costumes, settings, cars etc, and those factors are indeed superb. But it's also very sure-footed in the balance between fact and fictionalised events.
Every now and then, I said "s/he would never have done that" - as when Philip kisses Elizabeth at the coronation. And of course there are language errors, usually anachronisms such as 'austerity' and 'devastated', but as someone who is always vigilant for those, I have to acknowledge that there are very few. A lot of characters usher someone into a room by saying "Shall we?" But these are details.
I usually hate loud music, but here it's very good music, and only rarely intrusive.
The only episode I didn't think much of was the melodrama about Philip's relatives being killed in the plane crash, which was superfluous and went on too long.
But the casting is perfect, and many of them really look like the originals, e.g. Mountbatten and the young Philip.
The recent book about Margaret shows that the portrayal of her here is spot on - and we all knew Tony was bi at the time!
The recreations of contemporary newsreels and TV are perfect too.
It is all simply addictive and wonderful (and we get two looks at Matt Smith's divine naked buttocks).
I can't wait for series 3. I am a long time follower of imdb.com and have never written a review before. However, The Crown is so amazingly well built production, I could not resist the urge in me to congratulate everyone somehow helped during the making of this production (even I know there is a very low chance for them to see this).
Every scene, every dialogue in this series capture audience. You cannot help but admire the work done with characters, dialogues, dramatizing, costumes, make ups and of course directing and acting. The Crown - Neflix's critically acclaimed drama is back for a second season. What can viewers expect fro the second season of the hit show? 
The first season of The Crown starring Claire Foy, as Britain's longest serving monarch was one of the best drama's of the year. Netflix seems to have perfected making dramas. We were impressed with the amount of pain staking research that went into making a show based on a living legend. While the first season dealt with The Queen ascension to her throne & the 1940's to early 50's. The second season deals with major issues concerning The Crown & UK in the late 50's & early 60's. Suez Canal Crisis, trouble in the royal marriage, Princess Margaret's affairs are the story arcs which dominate the second season. Lord Mountbatten makes an appearance in this season & is shown to acknowledge his wife's dalliance with PM Nehru. The episode involving Lord Altrincham is our favorite episode from the second season. It is an episode which will resonate with people across countries, who are passionate about challenging the status quo. President Kennedy & his wife Jacqueline Kennedy make an appearance. Prince Philip continues his philandering outside his marriage & someone close to him pays a hefty price. Although Prince Philip himself works out a neat deal with his wife, post being involved in a scandal. The scenes involving Princess Margaret & her new love interest are very romantic.
The makers of the show have done a splendid job. Just like the first season, the second season too is a delight. The casting, script, direction, set all are perfect. Credit does go to Netflix, for raising the bar for dramas by wholeheartedly backing the show. Netflix has spent a huge amount on the sets, costumes, research & it shows. Netflix truly has ushered in the golden age of television. It is shows like The Crown, Mindhunter, Narcos, House Of Cards to name a few, which make the monthly charges worth every penny. Netflix is the gold standard when it comes to dramas. With such an excellent team of writers, there is nothing that they can do wrong!
Do we need to really spell it out whether we recommend you to watch this show? This show is highly recommended viewing. Not only is the show entertaining, you will end up learning a lot about British history thanks to this show. I absolutely love this show!!! The dialogue is fantastic, the sets, costumes, acting, and storytelling are all wonderfully done! I loved season 1 and was worried about how season 2 would play since the hype after the first season was so large; but it played out quite well and I was not disappointed. I've recommended this show to many of my friends. This show is up there with Game of Thrones and Black Mirror as one of my favorites of all time. 10/10 would recommend. Great acting and a very addictive series. Looking forward to S3 and a further look into the Royal family Having grown up in Australia, with a picture of the Queen adorning the wall in my school hall, and endless coverage of anything royal being shoved down our throats on a daily basis its easy to become dismissive and numb to the barrage, so I went into this show curious but certain it was to be a puff piece.
I am always happy to admit when I'm wrong and with this I missed by a country mile.
The crown is truly a fly on the wall look at how something that never should have evolved came to be, how sliding doors took a beautiful young women and turned her into one of the most enduring icons of the modern era.
The cast of the show are outstanding led by Claire Foy as the monarch and Matt Smith as her "I didn't sign up for this" husband, so believable are all and sundry that its easy to forget that your not watching the real thing, John Lithgow's turn as the great Winston Churchill is a career highlight and Vanessa Kirby is excellent as Princess Margret to name but a few.
The curtain has been drawn way back on this series leaving the players all very much naked to the elements and it makes for a damn good escape.
take a leap on this you wont be disappointed . Well-produced historical drama devolves into graphic, gratuitous pornography in show #7 of Season 2. Why do the movie-land snowflakes have to ruin everything with their licentious worldview? I'm literally only on here to comment on how absurd it is to change the entire cast we've grown use to for two seasons!! I'll start by saying that for me, this is a ten out of ten. Others describe the excellent production quality, as well as the cast, so I'll put a different spin on "why" this is so interesting to me, and might be (ought to be?) interesting to others.<br/><br/>I'm not a "royal watcher", so I don't spend time wondering about (or worrying about) what goes on in the monarchy of the UK (and it Commonwealth). But the focal point of this series is on Elizabeth, and one cannot be somewhat amazed, and curious, about her life. I'm in my 60's, and she's been on the throne since before I was even born, so I am, at a minimum, intrigued by her longevity, especially considering how she ended up on the throne in the first place.<br/><br/>Remember that for the first ten years of her life, there was little expectation that she would ever do anything other than live on the royal family periphery. But, her uncle's abdication, and father's early death, changed all of that, and only in her mid-20's, she found herself thrust onto the throne.<br/><br/>What makes Elizabeth so interesting? Just contrast the state of our world, at beginning of her reign, with a few simple facts: There were no man-made objects in space (and wouldn't be for another five years); Computers were in their infancy, and were as large as some people's home; WW II had only ended 5 ½ years earlier; With the possible exception of the monarchy, women in any position of power, was pretty much unheard of.<br/><br/>All of the things that we take for granted today, be it technology, spacecraft that are now in interstellar space, etc., women in leadership roles in business and government those transformations have all transpired, while she has been on the throne. With such drastic change, one can easily imagine a variety of reasons how/why the British monarchy could easily have lost some (or all) of its relevance. But somehow, if anything, it would seem that just the opposite has happened, and one cannot help but think that Elizabeth is the reason why.<br/><br/>And also, as an American, even Elizabeth's lineage becomes a thing of interest. Queen Victoria (arguably the most renowned monarch before Elizabeth II) was Elizabeth's great, great grandmother, and Victoria's grandfather was George III (yeah we sorta had a bit of a war of independence with him, once upon a time). And here is the current monarch, Elizabeth, George's direct descendant(and not that many generations removed), who has been alive for more than _one-third_ of our nation's existence, and on the throne for more than _one-quarter_ of its existence. Relatively speaking, we (Americans) are still not that far removed from the throne that she occupies, which generates (for me), yet another level of interest in exploring her life and reign.<br/><br/>For me, this series boils down to an opportunity to learn more about someone, who it would be hard to deny, is a fairly remarkable woman, and who (with a few missteps along the way), seems to have managed to shepherd the institution that she sits atop, through one of the most rapidly changing eras in the history of humankind. It's hard to not be interested in a person who can pull that off, and imagine that there might be some interesting lessons, or at least, insights, that might be drawn from her life.<br/><br/>The fact that this "learning opportunity" comes in the form of a fantastic production, with a fantastic cast, ends up being the icing on an already interesting cake. Certainly, there may be some "royal soap opera" moments, but never forget that this is also a significant history lesson. I have thoroughly enjoyed this initial series, and can't wait for what comes next. Great photography, I am amazed with the story and how they've developed all the characters, the costumes, the casting is perfect. Very well storytelling, from the sound design to the details on the props etc. It get us right there with The Crown. <br/><br/>This is a real British TV Series, they really had time and money to film this epic narrative of House of Windsor. We can almost call it a masterpiece of a screenplay come alive. Peter Morgan really got the feeling of it and handled with such care. I'm thrilled at some of the historical detail in, King George, Winston Churchill and above all Elizabeth herself. You will really really don't want to miss this British TV Drama Series. Congrats to all crew and the creator. The first 2 seasons of this show were incredible. Couldn't have asked for a more well- done and enjoyable show to become engrossed in. I couldn't wait for season 3! I'm doing 2 separate reviews because I cannot believe they changed the main characters over to "age" them. Such a disappointment to start Season 3 and see the changes I think the greatest testament to this show's quality is the fact that it managed to re-cast 95% of the actors for seasons 3 and 4 and if anything its quality has improved.
Re-casting is often met with scepticism, and even more so when the show has such strong, historically relevant characters as the royal family. But in The Crown, the script is so strong, the scenarios so well thought off and executed, that yet another great set of actors manage to produce an amazing television series.<br/><br/>Seasons 1 and 2 were outstanding, but I think season 3 managed to top them off splendidly. Just because of how emotionally involving the episodes are. I wept for the Aberfan disaster. I felt Philip's middle age crisis. The list could go on.
They even manage to make the audience absolutely sympathetic to Prince Charles, feel for him, and he only appears from episode 6 onwards. That is how good this series is.<br/><br/>Olivia Colman (the Queen), Tobias Menzies (Phillip), Helena Bonham Carter (Princess Margaret) are absolutely brilliant. And perhaps it was expected of them. But the roles of Prince Charles and Princess Anne are also an example of spot on casting for Josh O'Connor and Erin Doherty. They nail the ask in making them interesting characters and deliver great scenes.<br/><br/>I am glad Netflix spared no expense in producing the Crown because every scene looks gorgeous. And it's pretty obvious they went to great lengths to be historically accurate when they have to, and also to give a sense of authenticity (scenes in Wales in S3 are a great example of that).<br/><br/>The Crown is the definition of a good drama series. Every episode is very gripping without ever being fast-paced and full of action scenes. It is gripping I imagine because of how well the stories are crafted, and also because of the sheer brilliance of the actors that deliver them.<br/><br/>Absolutely a must watch. I keep wondering what is stopping me from giving it a 10 out of 10... The series has lowered the audience (rating) , but I see that producers, employees comment here to deceive us I'm a history obsessed guy, and i can say that this series portrayed the British history in the best way. The series shows us that the British royals we see today and think they are so perfect are not so perfect, they are also a bunch of smokers and drunk people.
Another great thing is that this series is so accurate and correct in accordance to the real history, they didn't made up unnecessary drama just for viewers but they showed us the actual face of British royals.
This series also shows that the royals are not relieved from their duties as people say they are. people are saying nowadays that Britain is being run by the government entirely and royals have no role in running the country. this series disproves them entirely.
The series also showed that Queen and Prince Philip are not the "Power Couple" and are loved birds, but they had the same marital problems that 'normal people' have. I have just finished this series and I am so impressed that I really have no words. To be perfectly honest, I was not exactly looking forward to watching it, thinking it would be one more BBC-type period drama. The main character was not the most attractive person for a series, I thought. Wrong! You really just need five minutes to fall in love with all the performers. The cinematography is something I had never seen before: the use of CG is perfect and takes the spectators to places we had never seen before from those perspectives, including Buckingham Palace and many other places we think we know but here present new readings. My favourite episodes are 1x07 and 1x09. All the scenes between the queen and her sister are just jaw-dropping. I am highly impressed with the show. I am currently on the 7th episode and it has been wonderful to watch. Learning about the royal family this way is beautiful. I am in love with Queen Mary of Teck. I am not very happy about the way the Queen Mother is portrayed though. Comeon, she was England's favorite grandma and there was not much to portray her in good light. <br/><br/>Queen Elizabeth II is gracious, smart and also very lucky to have had Winston Churchill. Her husband, HRH Prince Philip was kind of annoying in this series but that's really how he can be though. I know it comes from the best place. And her voice is horrible in series 3.
An overrated actress. I loved this show until they recast in season 3. They would have done better to age the original actors. This show will never grace my tv again. Olivia Coleman looks like a Axe Murderer playing the role of Queen Elizabeth II. Sorry, but the transition from Claire Foy, who was outstanding, to this dull walking crazy looking doormat played by Olivia Coleman...Why did she earn a Oscar? I don't think she is good. I don't understand these critics giving raving reviews to these replacements. Helen Bonham Carter saved the show...the only real talent left. First, I would like to correlate this drama with a movie The King's Speech, it won Oscars. Then comes this drama - simple and elegant, which proves to be almost elaborated sequel of that. I become fan of Peter Morgan who tells us how to present an ordinary real story in an extra-ordinary manner. It shows the real challenges of the young Queen Elizabeth amid the fast changing British society and male chauvinist husband; despite all, she stands firm and finally, the crown wins. People during her rule has advantage of experiencing new form of sovereignty which also redresses parliamentary democracy. All these things are portrayed in the magnificent way. A must watch show for the people who like British English and I have enjoyed it a lot! Whether historically accurate or not, my wife and I had enjoyed this series tremendously, the acting of all the main characters especially John Lithgow doing Winston Churchill. To enjoy this movie is saying a lot since I'm not a fan of the royal family at all. One review in this forum found the queen as a brave hero, I did not! In fact I see her as a lonely sad soul who wanted no part of it in the beginning who turned herself into a power hungry figure making everyone else's life a misery. I was disappointed that not once was Canada mentioned. A large country that bent itself backward to serve and entertain the Queen and her family . I did notice one mistake or blooper, the Cardinal (?) at the wedding wore hearing aids not of that time. In fact the behind the ear hearing aids (BTE)s had tiny tubes, one of the recent makes. How do I know. Born in the mid 50's near deaf, I wore hearing aids since 5. I tried to make it through the first episode but this was terrible. Next time I have trouble sleeping I'll put this on because it is boring on a whole new level. I'm truly amazed that people rated this highly. There really isn't much more to say. It's bad, really bad, and it didn't hold my interest in the slightest. The characters were boring, the dialogue was boring and I couldn't watch another minute of this. So now I'm just writing filler. BUT Peaky Blinders is a GREAT Netflix show and I highly recommend that. The Crown sucks but Peaky Blinders was a ton of fun and I can't wait for the next season. I guess I still have to write stuff blah blah this is a stupid requirement for leaving a review when one or two sentences will totally suffice..... What a wonderful show. What a wonderful actress as QE II, and what wonderful character studies and vignettes. The production values and special effects are remarkable for television (all those early 1950s airliners!) and in many ways the episodes are just heartbreaking. The principal actress around whom all this swirls is Ms Foy, and she should be playing this role for as long as her little heart desires--I've read that actors will be "aging out," but if they can recreate BOAC airplanes and make John Lithgow look 5' 6" they can certainly make Ms Foy "age in place" if she wants the job.<br/><br/>Here come the spoilers, and to my mind the highlights: The episode "Knowledge is Power" with QE II realizing that her Oxbridge tutor left out a few bits in educating her, but then hauling out her copybook to read Salisbury and Churchill the Riot Act for deceiving her was stirring and a tour de force of acting fireworks with Ms Foy never even raising her voice.<br/><br/>And the pathetic dignity and courage Ms Foy demonstrates after Phillip pushes her buttons once too often with his self-centered whining and she chases him out of the villa only to discover that the cameramen were watching. If we only still had men of sufficient character and compassion to do what that cameraman did.<br/><br/>For another character study and another view of P-1 and P-2, watch "A Royal Night Out." I love them both, which probably gives you a fair idea of my own bizarre tastes. Pay particular attention to P-2 and the proprietor of the "Knocking Shop." Absolutely hilarious. I found the series mesmerising and thought provoking. The acting is first class and somehow you feel for all the characters, even though they all have obvious flaws. The authenticity of the characters is what makes it so special. Each cleverly written conversation with the main characters makes you feel as though you were seeing the situation from their shoes. Of course, the wonderful cinematography doesn't hurt either. I found myself entranced with the history and often found it difficult not to read Wikipedia halfway through an episode to know more about a character or situation. I'm torn between the characters and she her I even support a monarchy it really seems like s burden. The media dumps on them so quickly but watching this series you gain an appreciation for the family's commitment and sacrifices. Can't wait for season 2! This peek behind the Buckingham Palace fence, gets beyond the pomp and majesty to reveal human beings. I am a sucker for all things historical presented with high production values and measured, professional acting. The Queen has blown me away. I recall my great aunt and uncle sending food to distant relatives in England in the late 40's and early 50's for their survival. Even as a child, I tried to imagine what kind of life they were leading that contrasted with our surplus (and we were poor). When Elizabeth was crowned, it was one of the first years that we had a television and I watched the entire ritual. I took a picture of screen with my cheap Brownie camera during the procession. I marveled at the majesty of the ceremony. I wanted to be there. This series has fired those memories and, as I recall, accurately. I have now been to England maybe ten times and have each time walked through Hyde or Green Park to Buckingham Palace. I have watched the beautiful changing of the guard, I have walked the stones of Westminster Abbey. I have toured Churchill's wartime offices. I have tried to feel the history these storied places witnessed. When Netflix notified me of The Queen's release, it became must try TV. Now, after four episodes, it has become do not miss TV. The portrayals are so well crafted that I found myself thinking, "So that's what they were really like." Knowing that they may not have been, but brilliant actors have rendered them as human beings with all of our glorious flaws. The production is so well staged that soot gets in your nostrils. You can smell the gunpowder when George goes hunting. You feel the weight descending on the young Queen. You are chilled by the judgmental eyes of George's mother -- keeper of the illusion, guardian of power. You feel Phillip's growing anguish over losing his wife to her subjects and the role of Queen. You finally understand the isolation of the Duke of Windsor for his abdication of the thrown for his love of Wallis Simpson. This is not just a TV series, not merely history writ and truths exposed, it is a tapestry that when looked at closely reveals flaws but, at a distance is majestic. Oh no not another film about the British royal family. After the recently aired "Victoria" which was a bit boring and the truly awful "The Tudors" my expectations were not high. But I'm pleased to say I was wrong. The series is brilliant, Claire Foy who plays Elizabeth II is perfect and has the voice down to a tee. Matt Smith is also excellent as the Duke of Edinburgh. <br/><br/>The story centers around the queen and her family but it is also the story of Britain in the 20th century and the major events that surrounded it. <br/><br/>The budget for the series was around 100 million pounds which is enormous even by today's standards,but it was money well spent and every shot looks authentic and real. A brilliant supporting cast, really well acted plus a wonderful script means I can't really fault this wonderful series. Only "Wolf Hall" comes close. The casting was perfect in Seasons One and Two. For some reason, the producers decided that they had to replace the cast with older versions starting in Season Three. This was a disaster! The new cast had no chemistry nor appreciation of the evolution of their characters. With today's make-up artists there was no reason not to "age" the existing staff. The opening episode features a 39 year old Elizabeth. Unfortunately Olivia Colman looked much older and totally out of place. This is too bad as the first two seasons were over the top good and gave you a real sense of the people behind the crown. Wish they wouldn't have changed the cast for season 3. Loved season one and two but stopped watching after a couple episodes of season 3. They should have kept the same actors and used makeup instead of a whole new cast to age the characters. Netflix ruined the continuity between seasons. No one can replace Claire Foy and Matt Smith. This has got to be my favorite show of all time. The drama, the history, the fashion. This is an amazingly well done show. I cannot wait for season 3 BRING IT ON!!! When I tell you I loved this show from the first episode to the end , I mean what I say!!! It was awesome!!!! Even tho it was based off true events it still fiction but I loved it ..... I've already started watching it for the second time !! I can honestly say that I was never a history buff. I always found it devastating to learn with all the wars and violence learned in school about how our country became. I'm proud and thankful for the sacrifices made but could never get passed how wars were a way of territory..
I started watching The Crown because some women I know from work really enjoyed it. I figured I would watch to see what they hype was with them and to be able to join in conversations about the show. I have watched the first 3 episodes and I am hooked. Binge watching and can't wait for Season 3 to be released. Everything is perfect in the first two seasons. I would like to see what they will bring up in the season 3. On my second go-round of Season Two, it's particular looks and lines that jump out at me. My favorite arrived in episode five, "Marionettes." When Prince Philip inquires about her hair stylist's name, Princess Margaret searches her memory and recalls, "Vidal Baboon?" The Crown is a remarkable show and you can tell that Netflix pulled out all the stops to make this show seem majestic and life-like. Claire Foy's acting is fascinating and she depicts the Queen as an actual human being who has emotions. All around even though it starts out slow, The Crown is a must watch. Why on earth the changed the actors!!!
I have tremendous respect for Colman and Carter both equally, but it is so disappointing the change from Foy and Kirby!!!
Season 3 is a new series!
Foy was amazing as the queen instead of Colman who is so wrong for this part!
And what about the eyes???
It will be so much better if they aged the original cast!!!
Because of the first two seasons I kept the 9
(Rating)!
So disappointed it was a great series but after season 2 it's like 0!!! Young, beautiful actors portraying a fairy tale in the glamorous 50s versus grounded, aged actors striking a tad closer to reality in the 60s. Everything changes in season 3. Not only the cast, but also the writing, lighting, color grading, it takes a rather steep turn away from the feel of the first two seasons.<br/><br/>It's amusing to see the reactions of the audience to the 3rd season of the crown. Settles one of the main debates portrayed in the show about what people expect of the royal family.<br/><br/>The first two seasons had an early west wing vibe to them. It was all glorified, feel good nonsense that you just can't stop watching. Season 3 takes a bold step away from this and as any royal adviser would tell you, there's a reason why the monarchy should stick to tradition; such bold actions could indeed prove catastrophic. This is good and well made show with brilliant cast, but it's lacking idia... It's Wiki picturization It took me a minute to get hooked on this series. But the Queen and Churchhill makes it go. Glad they didn't turn season 1 into a war movie! Who cares about queen Elizabeth's life. A person whos only accomplishment is being born (which isn't an accomplishment) I have just started watching this series with my wife. <br/><br/>With these sort of things you often wonder how much is fact or fiction dressed up to misrepresent the truth. <br/><br/>It is clearly well put together however I feel very disappointed by the way they misrepresent the queen's heritage. In particular her Grand mother, Queen Mary. She is portrayed as an English woman, when in fact she spoke English poorly with a thick German accent.<br/><br/>She played a big role in preparing the queen for her role which is so far not shown.<br/><br/>However I am enjoying it. <br/><br/>It does allow one to reflect on an important part of British history. I find it pretty whitewashed. Especially in terms of avoiding any account of colonialism. All the controversies attached to the royal family are of private manner. Adulteries and so on. Mighty boring and repetitive. The avoidance of history and focus on the family part in the 'royal family' term becomes especially visible in the second season and, I presume, will be more and more true in the seasons to come. Avoiding history and historical responsibility of the empire and its legacy makes 'The Crown' into another 'Dynasty-'like saga of the riches and dull. The scripts writers of this 3rd Season did a great job, some of the episodes are philosophically deep.<br/><br/>~Prince Charles...his forever loneliness and inability to break himself free from the royalty bondage. After the episode about him, I've completely changed my bias prejudice about his later changes in real life.<br/><br/>~Also, the interview between Phillip and those three pathetic and shallow American astronauts. It also reminded me that the Moon Landing might be just a hoax, since these three morons didn't even know how to lie through their teeth. They were just some helpless puppets to be manipulated during the Cold War. What a joke!<br/><br/>~Phillip's mother, the nun.....what a sad story about a woman during her chaotic life. I was deeply moved by her final days in the palace. The actor is such an appropriate and wonderful cast.<br/><br/>~The forever tragic role of Margret. Her self-abject and self-indulgent behaviors in her life seem to become quite acceptable and understandable.<br/><br/>~The Queen herself....also a tragic person fatally doomed by the ridiculous British hierarchy.<br/><br/>Thank God, the Phillip role has been appropriately replaced; the actor who played that role in the last two seasons was such a disaster! This is he only reason why I signed up for Netflix. The acting is beyond outstanding. I had heard about this series from a friend and once I started it, went straight through the first 2 seasons. Huge congratulations to the cast, writers, not to mention set/costume designers as the locations/set and clothes (the clothes!) absolutely make this series. I am so sad there is only one season on Netflix!! :( This series has exceeded my expectations and because of it I wish to travel to London one day. I've really come to understand so much more about the monarchy than I ever did before. I've done a bit of research and this series seems to be pretty accurate and true so far. I am in my 40's and have always seen John Lithgow in so many movies. I've always seen him as superb actor but his role as Winston Churchill is nothing short of spectacular! This character has made me laugh and cry. He portrays Churchill as difficult, stubborn, and sometimes mean but so gentle at the same time. I just wish I could hug him! I will be very surprised if John does not win an award for this performance I just finished the first season of The Crown and I really enjoyed it. It dragged on a bit in the middle BUT still really interesting to learn about the Royal family and their lives. I am a huge fan of Matt Smith so I really only watched it for him. He was really good at Prince Philip. I felt really bad for the Queen to be honest. I mean she has the whole world on her shoulders and her husband only thinks of himself. I mean he knew what he was in store for when he met her and married her. If you've seen the show then you know what I'm talking about. Episode 5 when Philip tells the Queen before her coronation that she only cares about her people and looking good for the public then being with her husband who wants her to have his name but she has to have the people's name. It's a bit confusing, you have to watch the show to understand BUT I felt that Philip was being too hard on her. I don't want to read any further stuff on the royal family because I want to know what happens in the show BUT I think Philip is having an affair. I don't know he seems really determined to leave his wife and be with the "boys" mmm-hmm I'm sure those boys have boobs. lol The whole thing with Churchill and his vanity of him getting older and that painter was a bit boring. The part where he's talking about his daughter and the pond was sweet but a whole show about a painter painting his picture for his 80th birthday...umm that could have been done in 20 minutes not a whole hour. And at the end of the show the painting got burnt so what was the point of that? And the whole thing about Princess Margeant wanting to get married to that guy who was divorced...umm what was the big deal? I understand the whole thing about the royals can't marry someone who's been divorced or whatever BUT she's not in any authority in the family. Oh sure she's the Queen sister BUT really she can't rule the country IF she dies, it would go to her son Charles and then Will and so on and so forth. Don't get me started on that...Charles doesn't even want to be King, we know that from Princess Diana death...aww she was a beautiful flower. The show itself was really interesting and entertaining BUT a bit slow in parts. I think they could have done without some of the details like them going to Africa or Australia which I think was a fuller to take up space to get to the next storyline. I can't believe this show cost what 120 million to make...I can see how because of the costumes, jewels and the castles but dang why so much? Why not use costume jewelry we the viewer wouldn't know and it would be cheaper. The Crown ISN'T the real Royal family so why spend so much on a show that viewers only spend 8 bucks a month to view on their PS4...which is what I use. Matt is worth watching and the lady who plays the Queen was really good. Should you watch it...yeah why not. I mean if you can get pass some of the slow parts then yes it's worth a viewing. The newest Netflix series follows the life of Queen Elizabeth II, starting with the time of her ascension to the thrown after the death of her father George VI. The show focuses on the most common narrative in her biographies: the strive to balance the intricacies of the life of the royal family against her role as an institution in the political and public landscape of the country. Save for a few flashback scenes, the storyline follows the historical line of events, adding little in terms of speculations or contradictions to the common public interpretation.<br/><br/>To be honest, having watched recent great Netflix shows as 'House of Cards', 'Narcos' and 'Stranger Things', 'The Crown' felt, while solid, somewhat flat. Out of these four shows it is undoubtedly the most 'mainstream' one. And while that is not a bad thing per se, my main gripe is that the show never leaves the treaded paths of the 'royal' genre. This starts with the way that Elizabeth II is portrayed: an essentially flawless (though at first insecure) queen surrounded by people acting more often than not upon purely personal - and flawed by virtue of simply being human - motives. The resulting 'superhuman' depiction of the Queen to me feels superficial and does not leave much room for character depth. <br/><br/>Now it is understandable that retelling the story of someone who has been in the public eye for over 70 years, revered by millions, dictates limits to the narrative - unless you are willing to take risks. Yet I wish that the the show did take at least SOME risks. <br/><br/>In the end of the day, 'The Crown', while not as captivating or original as other recent Netflix series, offers an enjoyable and pitoresque depiction of some of Britain's history. A little look at Wikipedia would have found this:<br/><br/>On 31 January 1952, despite advice from those close to him, the King went to London Airport to see off Princess Elizabeth, who was going on her tour of Australia via Kenya. On the morning of 6 February, George VI was found dead in bed at Sandringham House in Norfolk. He had died from a coronary thrombosis in his sleep at the age of 56. His daughter Elizabeth flew back to Britain from Kenya as Queen Elizabeth II.<br/><br/>I'm also sure the QM wasn't quite the weeping willow portrayed at the wedding!<br/><br/>If they get that wrong in the beginning, why bother watching the rest? I gave it a 7 because the scenery, clothes, casting, and acting were excellent, but what were the Writers thinking? This T.V. Series is so boring. The Monarchy already has a reputation for being boring, but I thought this would be different because it's about a young Prince and Queen. Didn't they ever have any excitement in their lives? I'm stuck on Season 1, Episode 2 and I don't know how much more I can take. If anybody is looking for some good Series, try Poldark (Amazon), Grand Hotel (Hulu) or Velvet (Netflix). So far this is way too boring. Claire Foy was great at conveying the powerful sense of duty of the young Queen Elizabeth. so two stars for that. Without her we are left with an attempt to invent the sensational and present it in an almost documentary format. I stopped watching when Olivia Colman took over. The acting is good but it covers what has to be one of the most boring monarchs in history. I loved the first two seasons, they are amazing and the actors are incredibly good! But the 3th season is just sh*! I watched only one episode and I already don't want to watch more! They change all the actors and they don't even look alike! Specially the eyes of the queen and princess margaret! From blues to brown! The eyes of the queen were one of the most iconic things in the first 2 seasons. What the f* is wrong with you people? I am just so disappointed. Even the Queen mother is completely different. Horrible horrible. It was so hard to put some make up on the old actors to make them older? Please... so much attention to the details and in the end is this...
BUUUUH FOR YOU! It could be one of many historical dramas. But it is more. A portrait of a time. The sketch discovering the lead traits of a reign. A story about power in different, subtle manner. And one of lovely series about the essence of a world of changes. The serie has many virtues and the impecable script becomes the admirable support for beautiful performances. Because it is a film about the roots of power. And about the answers, many corrects, to different challenges. An unique serie. And example of the fine science to explore and propose a coherent , impressive story who has as part from it yourself. This was such a great show. Great actors, great script. But then, "Porn". I don't get it? Unless you were trying to ruin a great show! It was just not nessasry to the story, or the characters! Am I missing something? Is this what the public wants. I am sure that there are plenty of porn titles out there to choose from, right? Why can't people just watch porn without infecting everything else. I cannot explain why I like this show so much. I suppose it reaches into the unconscious mind in a way that is hard to describe - much like a painting of a place I've never been to and will never see in person - yet the art draws me in and makes me want to learn more. <br/><br/>The story is about Queen Elizabeth II when she gets the throne - and as I watch I find it truly amazing that she has been the queen since the 1950's. <br/><br/>The show has flawless sets, costumes, lights, acting, writing. Jarred Harris is perfect as Elizabeth's father - the flashback scenes with him are dynamic. The music is breathtaking - and for whatever reason - the show is oddly perfect. <br/><br/>But I should ad - much of the suffering humankind has endured over the last five hundred years is in large part due to the greed and barbarism of the colonial rulers - and this family has profited in excessive privilege when so many have suffered. So for that - I dock this story points for glorifying them on a pedestal that is perhaps too high. I really liked seasons 1 & 2, but the third season was much less enjoyable. The acting of the new crew did mot reach up to the performance of the first one. Also, the caracters often remained quite 'flat' and really hard to grasp. I've recently started watching The Crown and have really enjoyed it, but when Season 3 started , I was shocked to see that Queen Elizabeth and Princess Margaret no longer have blue eyes! As they aged, somehow their eyes have turned to a very dark brown. How weird! Excellent viewing but the end of the programme showed Prince Charles visiting his tutor at home and in the background was a Ford Granada estate which wasn't around in 1969 as the car wasn't released until 1972 which was 3 years later. Although the 3rd Season was quite good,I feel it was a very huge mistake to replace Claire Foy(as the Queen) with Olivia Colman as the former was much much better than the latter.It was the same situation with Helena replacing Vanessa as Princess Margaret as the latter was a 100 times times better than the former.However Tobias who replaced Matt as Prince Phillip was excellent.
All in all a very good series so far,although it would have been much much better if Claire Foy and Vanessa Kirby were still there instead of their replacements.
The persons who acted as PM Harold Wilson and Prince Charles were also very good.
7/10 This is honestly the best show I've ever seen I am completely obsessed and waiting in between seasons being released seems like forever. Please keep making more & maybe let the seasons be longer Than 10 episodes its not enough My critique of this third season! Olivia Colman tried to do her best to be Queen Elizabeth II plus her and nervousness hindered playing the biggest queen of her career in a few episodes (Claire Foy played in Season One and Season Two she was at the beginning of the episode) and for me who saved this new season was Tobias Menzies and Helena Bonham what an impeccable performance of them! With the passing of the episodes I felt more lightness of Olivia (I'm not belittling her) I liked it was only halfway through the story but I hope the fourth season does not go through it. My grade this season is 7 out of 10. Love the way we're told a story that no one (but the Queen!) will ever know if real! Yet ...I feel like this IS a true story and a good one at that. Best ever actors all the way in all the episodes Bloody good acting and I now understand the impossible position of a monarch that turns out to be a human. Let me first start off by saying that I am not a fan of dramas regarding royalty or political ambition, but wow, the Crown proved me wrong! The Crown is absolutely amazing as a show.<br/><br/>The amazing attention to detail, the beautiful performances from Claire Foy and Matt Smith as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Phillip respectively, as well as dynamic and thought-out plots.<br/><br/>John Lithgow's portrayal of Winston Churchill is amazing and he deserves the Emmy that he won for his work. The show uses his acting ability to perfectly capture Churchill's spirit and how he caused upset to his fellow politicians.<br/><br/>The other thing that the show does amazingly well is demonstrate famous historical figures that tie to the Queen. The show does this very well and offers insight that may be different of how they are portrayed historically.<br/><br/>Lastly, please watch the show! The show is absolutely amazing! The Crown stands on its own and it is wonderful to see so many creative geniuses come together to create such a fantastic show! A rare gem. Acting, settings, etc...incredible. Most Netflix shows seem to add the 'shock factor'. This series can rest on its laurels...superb acting and an initially slow beginning that ultimately captivates and enthralls you. Claire Foy is incredible as well as John Lithgow and the rest of the cast. Can't wait for season 3!! I was expecting this show "for the ladies", something like "Dynasty" of the past with Joan Collins.<br/><br/>Surprisingly... wasn't at all! It's a well setup drama, a good biography, digging in a lot to the "closed doors" British Royal walls. The plot/story is great; Thxs God every episode is focusing on different character, like "Band of Brothers" did also and we didn't bored. Obviously, Queen Elisabeth is the "main focus" in every episode, but not so much. You have a character's story in every episode to deal with.<br/><br/>The screenplay is great, the actors playing amazing,... I mean... wtf!!! I didn't expected this show to be SO GOOD!!!!<br/><br/>They gave me all the DVDs (both seasons) together, I started this past Wednesday and... yesterday I watched the 10th episode of the second season!!!!!! I watched both seasons in almost 4 days - and be advised, each episode is 1 hr long!!!!!<br/><br/>AMAZING show, start watching it now.<br/><br/>I CAN'T WAIT till 2019 for the third season!!!! My review isn't an account of, how dare she say - "Or they might get silly ideas of getting independence," or fume over Prince Philip's family's association with the Nazi or Winston Churchill's policies and outlook towards the commonwealth. These are all events in history. They did happen. They haven't embellished or sugar coated it and have in several episodes "quoted" every historically accurate verbal discourse of various views on varying topics of the common wealth. As long as one remembers that these are all events from the "Past" and not how the world is today, we can actually praise the makers of the show for the portrayal of the Crown.<br/><br/>Claire Foy has done a stellar job of portraying the young princess who marries Duke of Edinburgh at 21. For us born in the 80's, we've only seen the "grey queen" with no smile on her face. Seeing Claire Foy on screen, I had to remind myself that the Queen was once young and like you and I, had absolutely(well not entirely) no worries. The moment King George VI takes ill and things gradually fall on her shoulders we see her becoming the Queen.<br/><br/>As a Head of the State she has done a LOT of unconventional things. She isn't as narrow minded as I thought and she has spirit and spunk.<br/><br/>As Season 1 of the series came to a close and Season 2 began we see how the media covered her personal life and on the other hand when Churchill is more worried about Prince Philip flying instead of the crisis at hand we see how cunningly Winston Churchill turned the entire event in his favour whilst using the press as his pawn.<br/><br/>The Queen triumphs in Ghana and manages to steer them from Russia and it is reported all over the world, thanks to the press. In the very same episode we see Jackie Kennedy's clothes stained with her husband's blood and we hear the queen gasp and say, "That is deliberate." I don't know if it is just me or if others noticed the gradual progress of how aggressive the journalists become. I believe it is something to look forward to as seasons 3 and 4 will have the Queen dealing with Margaret Thatcher and Princess Diana.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the new season!<br/><br/>My rating: 4.2/5
Recommend: If you love history but aren't into reading, watch this series. If you love history and love reading, join me in tsk-ing every time a certain bit is exaggerated. I delayed watching the show for a long time. But as I began watching it, it turned out to be one of the best shows I've seen. And if you are someone with no knowledge of Royal family, I would suggest you go for it. It will be an eye opener providing a great deal of understanding about how constitutional monarchy works. It was interesting yet saddening to see how Queen is often put in a difficult position where she has to choose her duty over her family. It raises every ounce of respect I have for Queen. The show thus displays emotions and politics together marvelously. The story is portrayed in a serious tone with no eye candies popping in between. No nudity or bold conversation, It is purely to display the life of Queen and people around her. Claire Foy played the The Queen so impeccably that for a while I had assumed her the real Queen considering the fact that they have a kind resemblance with each other. The dialogue delivery and acting skills are at their best. You'll only want more and more from them. Initially you might get bored in understanding the characters but as the plot builds, it gets interesting keeping you hitched for the next episode. There are lots of positives about this series -- the cast and costume design are really on point throughout the series so far (Bravo Claire Foy especially!). I'd like to take a moment to admonish Netflix for always making their opening credits SO drawn out; you can't put such a slow start on a story that will be mostly about quiet control the way this series is....<br/><br/>Getting back to the plot, the flashback scenes are very well done and the "insider" view of Elizabeth II's actions are a bit more honest and candid than expected. It's a nice touch to show that the wardrobe of her younger days is very much the same as her wardrobe today -- indicating, I suppose, that her mindset in life and leadership have not much changed. Her natural tendency to be frugal (especially in the face of less frugal direct relatives) also helps explain her response to Diana in more recent years; it's not a matter of disliking one person, but of respecting and maintaining a legacy. Foy does an excellent job of conveying this.<br/><br/>I'm SO curious to know how accurate the portrayal of King Phillip (QE's husband and consort) is. The series paints him as rather a madcap (NO SPOILERS) which is very hard to believe. Did it really take him so long to "fall into step"? Perhaps it would have been nice to flashback to when Elizabeth II was a youthful teen and first writing to Philip. The light in which he's portrayed in Season 1 is particularly unflattering. (NO SPOILERS.)<br/><br/>Another striking message in the series is the constant reminder that smoking leads to cancer. While several of the characters are found to be smoking as though it were an elegant habit -- or perhaps chomping on a cigar like an old school bulldog as the classic Churchill was known to do -- Elizabeth II reminds those closest to her how cigarettes affected her life. Every new reign begins with a funeral... the loss of a beloved monarch... and this one to cancer. (Well done, Ben Caron & company.)<br/><br/>It's sweet to show that Elizabeth II sees her father as a figure to follow (as opposed to some of the more blustering monarchs England has suffered historically) yet is aware of her own shortcomings -- a self-consciousness I believe she also inherited from her father -- and maintains a modest but constant effort to improve herself. It's important to know that the decision for her heirs to attend university (and not just shine in the public light and rely solely on the knowledge of private tutors) is very forward for more than one reason. <br/><br/>Well done, everyone. If possible, try to shorten the credits.... There is not much to fault in this production about the lives of the Royal family and world of they live in.<br/><br/>Nothing is left out of place in delivering the story even if there has been some artistic liberties, it really does not matter. You are never left scurrying to Wikipedia to find more about these people, or to check historical facts. It's good enough as it is.<br/><br/>Impeccable performances make the players feels very real from the start, in cinema that is visually brilliant. I've not been disappointed with this first season and eager for the next.<br/><br/>The Crown is just one of those rare masterpieces of television. The Crown has many aspects which make it one of the best, if not the best Netflix series to date (my opinion).<br/><br/>First: The Cast. Everybody will have their favorite characters but nobody can deny that every single actor delivers a close to perfect performance. Claire Foy and Matt Smith are amazing as the royal couple who's life gets turned upside down at the death of the Queens father. But the actor who pulls of the biggest feat is Jared Harris. His portrayal of the King and more importantly Elizabeths Father is so touching that his presence is felt even when he is not there anymore. Which is great and gives the story and characters a lot more depth and adds to motivation and sorrow of all the remaining characters.<br/><br/>Second: Setpieces, Decoration and everything else needed to immerse you in this time is just superb.<br/><br/>So if your after a character piece with a lot of emotions and a superb cast this is for you. I can't believe how much money Netflix has wasted on this show. Though Claire Foy is a fine actress, most of the other performance are weak, the script is poor and the direction dull. Though to be fair it's attention to historic detail is impressive but this is also it's biggest flaw, as it might lead people to think this was anything other than 300 level of fantasy. In order to inject some drama into they show the Liz 2 in political discussions and the like that simply haven't happened in the 20th century and really not since before the Hanoverian kings. It's obviously based on the twee American idea that is often pitched for tourism that the Queen is somehow still akin to something like the reign of Liz 1.<br/><br/>Dull, huge waste of money. If you like Downton Abbey or Upstairs Downstairs (where incidentally Claire Foy was much better) then you might like this. Otherwise suggest switching to Amazon Prime, since Netflix has effective wasted it's budget to make anything else for the next few years! Seasons 1 and 2 were some of the best TV we've watched. My husband has never really been a fan of the monarchy, but this really showed him a different light. Season 3, what?! The cast are dour and miserable. We love Olivia, but this just doesn't work for her. We're on the verge of giving up in episode 5 as it's so dull, slow paced and frankly, a disaster after the first 2 seasons. How come Margaret is shorter than her sister not only when they were young but in the last two seasons as well, but is taller than her sister in the third season?
Have the producers not noticed that? Season 3: Olivia Colman gives an excellent acting performance<br/><br/>I feel obliged to counter the many negative reviews. In fact I found that Olivia Colman gave an above average, fine acting performance. In fact she appears to me exactly as I expect the queen to be. The authoritative, a bit cold person, determined to fulfill the "job" with dignity.
So Colman suits the role very well. I don't get it how people expect a somewhat updated Foy as good-looking, lovely everybodys darling here, that would be miscast!<br/><br/>Season 3 has less (artificial?) drama than season 1+2, I felt it a bit overdrawn there sometimes, has less thrill and is therefore indeed adequate, as the queens life surely is/was not an extraordinary adventure, but over long stretches an unglamorous tribute to duty. I do agree that season 3 lost a bit of pace due that Winston has gone now, the entertaining level may have lowered, but so what? Pepping up the script with artificial drama IMO would ruin this excellent serie. Many theme's compose the narrative of this serie. Most of them are history-driven, romantic and character studies.
Bbtw, of the utmost sublimicy. This serie is unique in productional perfectionism. It's a straight 10, only because I can't give it an 11.<br/><br/>But there is a darker truth in this story hidden. It moves through every philosophical debate or conversation in the story and can't be denied.
The musical leader at the beginning of every episode says it already in visuals; ancient gold transforms slowly and wisely into a modern crown.
The crown of England.<br/><br/>During the coronation old priests and prophets are mentioned in a christian context. But the whole anointing-sequence can barely be considered christian. it's pagan to it's bones.<br/><br/>The Queen in this story is young, foolish, wise, sexual, curious, daughter, sister and so on. But out of all that, she is struggling with one big issue that stands out consistently. One could say that issue is how to manage with her individuality and the role she has to play. But given all the references and hints in the script I would rather say: how to deal with the mysterious situation in which she has to be transformed into a Godess.<br/><br/>The Crown dives deep into the old tradition of the God figure. The chosen individual who has to be the offering, the Lamb, spitted on and worshipped at, to support the growth of conciousness of the community. It connects this old power-system, to modern, enlightened, democratic, 20th century life. And hints that it's still alive and supporting nations.<br/><br/>And what could Elisabeth herself say about all these ideas and assumptions? Nothing. She learned to be silent. As a regular Netflix binge watcher I feel compelled to review this new series based on Elizabeth II. I'm female, 22, a student and occasionally an alcoholic. I would not recommend this to anyone with respectable taste in TV. 43 minutes in to the first episode King George joins in with some local carol singers and I had to hold back sick. Apparently a huge budget was spent on this, probably a good shout from Netflix as Americans, Royalists and die-hard Tories will love it. Although I couldn't get through the first episode, I am confident that the rest of it will amount to an excruciatingly dull biography of the nation's favourite (?) poshos without even an incestuous story line to spice things up. I don't care how good the lighting, costumes, acting is etc etc, they could have saved 3million and made a more interesting show involving the Duke of Edinburgh and a litre of tequila. I have now lost respect for my housemate who recommended it. I could tolerate Downton (another one for establishment luvvies) until about Season 3 where I just wanted to punch Lord Whatsiname in the throat for trying to shag a maid. I loved seasons 1 & 2. Amazing cast. Season 3 has been a huge disappointment with casting. Olivia Coleman is just terrible as the Queen. Painful to watch her. Helena Bonham Carter as Margaret was another poor casting choice.
I made through all of season 3 but it was a stretch.
Too bad the casting was so horrible. Watched the first episode. 40 mins into the show, realized how BS the show was. So slow and boring. GARBAGE. Cannot get myself to watch the rest of the season. Never understood the relevance of the Royal Family in modern times. Now after watching the first 10 episodes, I understand it's just not relevant Sorry this is a good show but it was so hard to watch with the new cast change so I just gave up on it sorry.
If you can deal with fast change then I would continue. The 1st two years were very well done. Claire Foy and Matt Smith were excellent and extremely believable. Their portrayals and demeanor were spot on. The supporting cast did equally well. The only disappointment was the end of season 2 when the director painted Philip in such a poor light. It took a huge downturn with season 3. Suddenly, all new actors are used. The new Queen looks nothing like a three year older version of the Queen at the end of season 2. Her nasally, whiny voice is annoying and her demeanor is lacking. The new Philip mumbles his way through his lines and has no verve, even 'just 3 yrs later'. The height differential is noticeably off as well between the Queen and Philip - he's not tall enough or she's too tall. The bad icing on the cake was having Helena Bonham Carter play Margaret. She's a great actress, but seriously - a 54 y/o playing the 35 y/o younger sister? Not to mention the facial structure is all wrong. In actuality, all of the characters looked way too old for their 1965 selves. And the choice to carry through the fictional story line of Philip's possible involvement in the sex scandal was a poor tack to take. Bottom line - 1st two years rate a "9", after that, it drops to "4". Too bad as the initial couple of years were outstanding! It was ok.<br/><br/>Initially didn't like Olivia Colman's Queen but then tuned into that period of Elizabeth's life and enjoyed her. Tobias Menzies' Prince Philip was quite dull though.<br/><br/>Hopefully things will get a bit more interesting with Season 4. Bring back the the cast from previous seasons. I am sure with the right makeup artist they could have aged the cast from season 1 and 2 fittingly. So disappointed, I started watching the series as I thought it would be a good way learn about the history. It has now gotten so drab and boring. While is not terrible, it isn't as great as people say it is. In fact, it can sometimes be boring. There are many better shows to watch.<br/><br/>The acting, though, is good and the casting is usually spot on. I started this series because of leading male role Matt Smith doctor who ... I loved it ...
ALL HAIL TO QUEEN MAJESTY One of the finest shows I've ever watched. It features excellent writing, acting, and very high production values. Even though all the actors are great Claire Foy and John Lithgow's performances as Queen Elizabeth II and Winston Churchill are fantastic!! Everything in this show is at its best. The back-ground score and the locations, especially the Barkingham Palace shown are awesome (now I know why it's the most expensive TV series ever created). I went into watching this show thinking I would be bored, but to my surprise it's become one of my favourite shows.I feel this is once in a lifetime series which you should watch. Experience larger than life with "THE CROWN". Although we tend to think that we know and understand this story because we've lived through parts of it and read about the rest in history books from primary school through college... there is, of course, a great deal we don't know. This series does a really lovely job of trying to capture the inner struggles of the new queen, humanizing a remarkable woman who most look to as a symbol more than a person. A young woman with such remarkably genuine passion for both family and state taking on such a great role with a mere fraction of the education that her father had received, for example, is something most would not assume about Elizabeth II. The constraints of her position are laid bare in the series, allowing viewers a better sense of the expectations and strict protocols that caused multiple fractures in her family throughout the years. Highly recommending the series, especially if you have time to watch the entire season at once (uninterrupted). Well, that's how it seems to us but certainly not to the reality. Poor buggers. Not only did we get a birds-eye view of the royal texture but also a heart-felt view of their onerous existence which was not particularly pretty. And what a perfectly apt title, because this was not primarily about the Windors, but about the authority, duplicity and propriety of the Crown and how a courageous "little" girl came to terms with it and mostly stood her tenacious ground, whilst also, having to agonise deeply in her relationship with her despondent partner and jilted sibling. And as an institutionally, ill-skilled woman who only had perception and considerable integrity to guide her, it was disheartening to see this being constantly undermined by the Crown.<br/><br/>This portrayal was so realistic you would think it was recorded "live" by the camera that Lizzie's dad gave her as a wedding gift, saying, "I don't want you to miss a single thing". And to our great fortuity, it doesn't look like she did! Now we can sit back and watch what really happened in those days as we grew up along with them (I'm the same age as peddle car Charlie). <br/><br/>It's a bit like watching the Beatles anthology long after the romance has died down except that this was nothing we ever saw in the news. Brilliant, fly-on-the-wall view of a very private and much adored family, with 16 mm vintage cameras hidden, it would seem, in every corner of the palace and beyond!
The casting wasn't perfect (you'd be pushing shit uphill to get it much closer) but the way the actor's played out their roles put paid to any doubts about appearance. Notably, Churchill's pretender, who was the least look-alike of them, almost imbued his ghost so well, that if the real Winston turned up you'd think he was the phony. But the star for me was Queen Elizabeth who's pretender nailed it. And I was gobsmacked at how naturally Foy conveyed the nuances of the queen, especially in her canny facial expressions and verbalisation, particularly in close up.
Seeing our Queen in those early days was really delightful. "After you darling", says Philip as they make their way through the animal gathered grassland in Kenya. I'm chuffed. The whole, albeit short, Africa bit was stunning. 
I have come to greatly respect this queen, having now become aware of what she had to endure with so much more hindrance than help from those she "trusted". Everyone determined that they knew what was best for Britain, in terms of their own egos, whilst she, on the other hand, learned to know what it was, more from how she experienced it than from what her ego dictated.<br/><br/>Dispersed throughout are some interesting reflections into royalty, such as the comments by Philip as they prepare for take off on his first flight, and Mary's conviction about, "the Monarchy is a calling from God", to mention just a couple. Oh yes, and Edward's comment during the coronation, about the monarch being uplifted to Godlike stature in the eyes of the people. Fascinating insights.<br/><br/>"Eddie the abdicator" came across as quite an arsehole under the self-seeking mandate of his Yoko Ono. Not being able to separate his own mind from hers, how on earth could he have handled the domination of the Crown? Britain dodged a bullet with his abdication. And Winston came across as an egotistical tyrant, who couldn't get out of his own notorious shadow. The scene of him being dressed down by a queen, young enough to be his granddaughter (almost), was absolutely awesome. He was never the same again and neither was I.<br/><br/>A couple of misgivings. The reality was a bit overshadowed by the heavily melodramatic nature and I had a bit of trouble believing that Churchill could be such a sniveller. I just had to mention something!<br/><br/>The Crown. So much bigger than all of them but it needed them just as much as they coveted it. A wonderfully told, tragic story, with a truly remarkable insight into one of the oldest offices in the world.<br/><br/>One of the reviewers mentioned there was little drama or excitement in the series. I don't know what they were comparing it to. "Game Of Thrones" maybe. For me, it had an abundance of everything. Brilliant script, brilliant atmosphere, brilliantly acted human characterisation and an enchantingly accessible history lesson. All the brilliants in one series which is really more than enough for anyone. And if you can get so much satisfaction without a whiff of sex or violence, there is hope in spades for the British movie industry. Thank you. Seen the first 3 parts of the series. I have to admit to be somewhat disappointed. Camera beautiful, acting is nice although very reserved and hold back. Off course this is Royalty but it doesn't have to be boring and slow in a movie. (see: "Elisabeth" with Cate Blanchet; very dramatic and wonderful and yet Royalty ) <br/><br/>What most annoyed me is the continuous music and at the most inappropriate moments when nothing really happens but the music implies otherwise. Rather confusing and it doesn't work for me. This work is an absolute masterpiece! Tremendous soundtrack, elegant customs, and remarkable quotes. Shows how the queen suffers in the real life, and the difficulty of having two lives (Queen and wife). The feelings of the people close to the queen can't be described. It shows exactly the meaning of "Living in Shadow". I would say definitely one of the best 5 shows I've seen in my life. Special thanks to Hans Zimmer, and Rupert Gregson-Williams for the breathtaking soundtrack, and million of thanks to all the incredible cast. While it is obvious that no expense was spared in making "The Crown", the dedication to fact is enough to cause the viewer to age just as the series progresses in near real time. It's slow moving progression and dedication to the British dialectic is a real drowse inducer. While the cinema photography is indeed impressive, it is not enough to carry the story. It is a mystery how this was filmed. Did they gain access to Buckingham Palace or reproduce it in a studio? Many questions are left unanswered as this is obviously an unauthorized biography. At the same time, the series is almost self consciousness about being factual, to the point of boredom. Do we really need to know that Elizabeth's father was embalmed inside Buckingham Palace?<br/><br/>All in all, if you are a history nut or a Royal watcher, this show is for you. Otherwise, you might get bored, like I did, within the first three episodes with the tedious dialogue and never ending subplots, and just move on to something more interesting, like SVU. Matt Smith, who played the role of Philip, Duke of Edinburgh was definitely a horribly wrong cast, even the records shown that he was indeed a womanizer and adulterer when he was young, but casting this Matt Smith, with a long and narrow face, always slant to one side neck, street-thug like walking attitude, more like a clown or jerk instead, a cave-in crescent cucumber face always with a low class mockery smile-like sneer, and worst of all, such a terrible actor to play this important role, I simply couldn't hold myself too keen to watch this series and would tried every way to skip forward every time when he appeared. In China, there's an old saying: "A rat dropping will soil a whole pot of porridge." This is exactly what I felt when Matt Smith's face first shown on the screen. Boy oh boy, what an ugly dropping. <br/><br/>Another ridiculous thing happened in the 1st episode was when these royal couple changing vows to each other: "....For better or worse; for richer or poorer..." Jesus, I just couldn't help laughing out loud! Do you really and seriously think these specific part of the vow could be appropriately applied to the first family of England? Their future could only be Better and Richer and nothing else, folks. So this was a practical joke to a commoner like me.<br/><br/>But except this unfit cast to play this important historical role, this drama series indeed is grandeur magnificently made.<br/><br/>An afterthought immediately after finished watching S01E09:<br/><br/>If compare Jeff Daniel in "Godless" with John Lithgow, who played Winston Churchill in this series, John Lithgow should have won the Best Leading Actor instead in this year's Emmy's Award. The role Jeff Daniel's performed in Godless, in my opinion, was good but not great. What Lithgow had shown us is not only great but perfect. His acting talent is at a genius level. I just couldn't believe he was not even nominated at all. Check out reviews before you watch this. Especially if you have morals about putting nudity in front of your eyes as a form of entertainment. Matthew 5:27-30 comes to mind. <br/><br/>Apparently season 1 is more restrained than season 2. But the bad episodes in season 2 are REALLY bad. <br/><br/>Let the buyer beware! Where is Clair Foy? I started season 3 several times and just cannot get pass Colman as the Queen who looks and sounds more like a 60 year old Margaret. I wish their was a do over. This will plummet they overall average rating of the series. Camilla, in no way shape or form looks anything like Emerald Fennell. Couldn't they find a dumpier, uglier, frumpier actress? And why a queen and her sister Margaret both with brown eyes instead of blue? Couldn't they wear contacts? Cannot argue with the production...the settings, the casting, the depiction of history...but so far (up to now in the series) the royals have little redeeming value. As Tommy said, he was hired to protect the family from the public and he ended up protecting them from themselves. They are spoiled and dysfunctional. They are symbols, but of what? Part of their realm (Wales) is poor and suffering, and what do they do? They create the Prince of Wales who has to learn Welsh and give a speech. You'd think they'd round up a little money, like sell a few paintings, and bail out Wales But everything is about image and keeping secrets. It's pretty disgusting. This is a very good production but Matt Smith as Prince Philip is very poor. I have never known a naval officer with such low self esteem that he gets about with head bowed and looking through his eyebrows! This was the look of Princess Diana. Philip is a much more confident man and not the miserable person depicted. The episodes that focused on Margaret were really hard to sit through. I was bored to tears by this childish, ridiculous person as portrayed in the series. The Queen was played superbly, as always, by Claire Foy. It will be hard to get used to someone else playing that role. A good series, a solid series, but please omit more story line about Margaret. She is a boring, immature person for whom one feels no sympathy whatsoever. Imagine a BBC camera crew from 2016 time-traveled to the 1950s to make a reality show about the then-current British royal family and you've pretty much got this series. Unlike ITV's soapy "Victoria," this is understated, naturalistic and so well written that you can let yourself imagine that you're actually there watching King George VI having his lung removed and Winston Churchill harassing a new staffer at 10 Downing Street. The only trouble is that if you're not that into these self-absorbed, pampered, basically useless people you may be bored out of your mind.<br/><br/>If you love watching historical dramas in which British aristocrats in strange and beautiful outfits wander around lavish settings but would like just a little more substance, I recommend you check out some of the Merchant-Ivory team's films from the 1980s and 1990s--you can't go wrong with A Room With A View. If you prefer miniseries, try The Jewel in the Crown and Parade's End. Personally, I never cared too much about what the British royal family does or does not do, other than to share a certain awe for a monarchy that has existed for so long with people all over the world. I did have the opportunity to visit Windsor Castle and Buckingham Palace once as a tourist in London. One cannot escape the imposing influence of those establishments, which, in real life, seem to validate years of history and stories of kings and Queens one hears growing up.<br/><br/>But what attracted us first to the series quite frankly was the picture of Claire Foy on Netflix. We loved her as Little Dorrit from the BBC series of the same name based on a Charles Dickens novel. <br/><br/>We thought we would give it a try. After a couple of episodes, we were hooked on the series, again partly because of this lady's excellent performance, but also because it is very engaging and really well done. <br/><br/>Highly recommended! TV at its best in my opinion, well done Netflix for putting up the money. I was so pleasantly surprised with this new series. It was all-round... brilliant! Brilliantly, acted, scripted, directed and filmed and and and all other 'brilliant' applications.<br/><br/>John Lithgow (although way too tall for Churchill - who was only about 5'5) played Churchill fantastically! Great acting from him. In fact, I'd say he gave the best ever representation (that I've seen, anyway) of Churchill on film. Similarly, Claire Foy was excellent in the part of the young Queen Elizabeth II. Overall an interesting insight into the mechanics of the Monarchy machine, in which the government and civil servants have considerable influence on what the Royalty can and cannot do. There are a few 'goofs' I'd like to mention but as I can't find the correct location to submit these, I shall do so herewith.<br/><br/>GOOFS Episode 3 * when Elizabeth refers to starting off her relationship with Churchill by making sure he knows his place, she mentions "drawing a line in the sand". This is a common mistake. When people say this, what - most often - they really mean is "Draw a line under it"... i.e. end it, finish it. The act of "drawing a line in the sand" means 'giving a choice and/or an ultimatum. It comes from the battle of The Alamo in 1836 in which Colonel Travis draws a line in the sand with his sabre, indicating that those who wish to stay and fight should cross the line. it's annoying how this is used incorrectly.<br/><br/>* When Edward and Wallace are dancing, they're dancing *attempted* steps of authentic Argentine Tango. This would be highly unlikely to have ever happened as tango, after its introduction to the US and UK, became clinicised, sanitised and made virtually impotent and thus into the modern ballroom form of tango. It is this - the latter somewhat impotent form of tango - that they would most likely have learned to dance. The series so far is a complete eye-opener and simply the very best television I have seen in years. The acting is superb, the scripts for every single episode I have seen to date (1-9) are magnificent and the on-location filming across the world is breath-taking. I had sat down to watch the first episode expecting a huge dollop of syrupy sycophancy, some sort of cross between 'Downton Abbey' and the innumerable series on "The Tudors" to which viewers have been subjected over the past few years. I could not have been more wrong and this is a truly 'adult' series in every regard which really penetrates like a drill into all of the characters shown and, in particular (as per the opening credits) shows how the institution of the Crown is like some remorseless machine crushing the individuality and personality of all those who come into contact with its heart. (One scene at the very end of an episode where Queen Mary appears in full black mourning (the very embodiment of death/the repression of life) before the young woman who is now Queen is a never-to-be-forgotten moment, but just one among dozens.) I fully expect this series will harvest numerous awards for acting, direction, script etc. (and music - massively effective use of haunting set classical pieces at key points) and fully deserves to do so. It has completely won me over to Netflix and, together with "House of Cards", means I now never watch UK terrestrial TV anymore and (with offerings of this quality available instead) cannot ever imagine doing so again. First, Perter Morgan is a genius. His study & art of writing respectfully (whilst retaining his artistic freedom) is, as always impressive.<br/><br/>The series is an insight into the life of the Royal Family, mainly The Queen & Prince Phillip. We see her as a refreshingly young carefree woman who ascended to the throne at 25. Her life obviously spun 360; and you see her transition. She may have been brought up to take upon these duties eventually but when she really takes on the role, you see her blossom, her strength, her faults, her unfulfilled wishes, her being torn between family & state.<br/><br/>This series is not a rosy picture of the Royal Family, it is real, it is human. For the first time you realize that the royals are people like us; privileged yet nevertheless, LIKE US. "Heavy is the head that wears the crown" the definition is actualized through this series.The awe, the admiration you feel for the royal family here is also coupled with empathy & curiosity.<br/><br/>The cast is stellar, from Claire Foy (The Queen) to Matt Smith (Prince Phillip), John Lithgow (Winston Churchill); these actors are truly versatile and embodied the characters with great sensitivity & finesse.The language, the mannerisms, the poise & eloquence.<br/><br/>The mood of the series had that subtle pace to everything; it was typically British. No over dramatization. If you never acquainted yourself with the British Royal History, this series creates that curiosity in you. You want to learn more about the royal family, their vast history, their lineage & their personal tales of love & struggle.<br/><br/>The Production of this series was just fabulous. The elaborate grandiose sets, the custom - made vintage costumes were well researched & designed. The locations: besides of course the British sets, I was intrigued by the sets in Africa.<br/><br/>It's a refreshing take on history & I can't wait to live every decade of the Queen's reign through every season of this marvelous series.<br/><br/>Thank you Peter Morgan, Thank you Netflix! Not knowing much of the history that went into the story behind the Crown since it circumvents WWII and occurred before I was alive I was surprised at how good I found the shows first season. Great drama, cinematography, character development, and throwing in some history and education on how the royal family worked with the government all go into making the show an excellent work. The writing and acting are great, the story chosen well building steadily causing me to watch it in a two day marathon stream when I didn't even expect to be interested. Goes to show that a good show can win over a skeptical viewer when done well. I would say it was done exceptionally well and is well worth watching and expect to continue doing so in the seasons that are yet to come. Netflix produces another winner. I have to say this show is not what I expected. After watching this, I'm surprised the royal family doesn't just look at everyone and quit. They're treated like dogs on a leash by parliament and have even less freedom than elected members of government do in other countries. I can't believe anyone, let alone a king, queen, prince, or princess, would ever allow anyone to dictate and control their lives this way. If any of this is true, I don't know how they can even stand to be anywhere near each other or how there hasn't been a recent war of the houses. For gods sakes, they're even told what to wear, how to do their hair, when they have to wake up, where they need to go every day, it's just horrible. And that doesn't even count who can they can or marry, where they can vacation, etc. <br/><br/>Quite frankly, if any of this is true, someone needs to slap Parliament on their behinds like their nasty behavior says they should be. <br/><br/>At this point, I feel rather sorry for the English royals. to be honest I would never of normally watched this type of program.. not because of it being about the monarchy or anything like that.. its because I would of thought it was boring. not my normal thing. would I of been wrong.. OH YES. I couldn't stop watching this. it is truly well worth watching. Claire Foy (Queen Elizabeth) is outstanding and you can actually get into the character when she speaks. you feel sorry for her when you realise what she has given up to become the queen as well as how her husband was with her. you also learn things about the rest of the royal family and learn that they are just like us but in the spotlight all the time and even more now. as well as watching the government run their lives for them and not being able to do anything without offending someone. I know there will be another season of this program and I cant wait. The Crown is by far one of the best shows I have had the pleasure of watching. It is easy to see how Netflix managed to spend so much money on the production. The cinematography is breathtaking and could easily rival, if not surpass the level of quality presented in today's biggest and best features. <br/><br/>Of course, not everything that makes a show great is just the cinematography alone. The story-line and dialogue is expertly written, each and every line feels authentic and genuine. The acting was impeccable from all cast members, as was the mis-en-scene, which really felt historically accurate and transports the viewer into the past. In my opinion, this series easily rivals the likes of House of Cards, Narcos and many other flagship series across the board.<br/><br/>The story isn't riddled with endless action, or constrained so much by dramatic conventions. It simply follows a historically accurate time-line of real events. <br/><br/>Some may argue the entire series is 'Monarchy Propaganda', however I disagree. The story provides a solid and unbiased view of the Royal Family and its values. The viewer is left to make the decision for themselves, whilst the show simply presents the moral and ethical dilemmas experienced by the Royal Family from both sides of the argument.<br/><br/>To summarize; watch this series, it will keep you on the edge of your seat without the need for exaggerated scenarios and conventional on-screen relationships. You will get to see the monarchy as it really is, whether that is in a negative or positive light, is your decision... It's a great work: 60 episodes (currently only the first twenty have been shot and released) but Peter Morgan is no doubt a great Author ('Rush, 2013', 'Hereafter, 2010', 'Frost/Nixon, 2008'). <br/><br/>Season two is way better than season one, the cast is sensational and everybody puts life in his/her one character. The beautiful Claire Foy (for whom I have a soft spot) rightfully rules over the cast while the main guest star still remains Stephen Dillane from Season 1 (episode nine: the court painter). I really enjoyed the first 20 episodes and I wait for the 30 more to go... I am delighted to have started this series. I have enjoyed Claire Foy in Little Dorrit and the excellent Wolf Hall. She does not disappoint here and must be one of the brightest actresses around. She is a visual marvel.<br/><br/>Eileen Atkins as Queen Mary is the most profound thing I have seen on a screen for a long time. Her description of the monarch's responsibility before God to inspire the people is itself an inspiration. I have more sympathy for Queen Elizabeth's position during the post-war social revolution we are still living through. The hardest thing is to do nothing.<br/><br/>The series makes one vividly experience history. I mourned the passing of our wartime King. The portrayal of Churchill our national hero, is excellent and I am reminded of the machinations around Thatcher as Eden and other cabinet members look to oust the great man. <br/><br/>At episode six and look forward to the rest of the series. Seasons 1 and 2 were incredible. Season 3 felt like a totally different series. All different actors, all absolute strangers, leaving me with no further interest in their stories. So, bye bye. (What on earth were they ever thinking to do such a thing!) I was mesmerized by the first two seasons. Then came Season 3 and I stopped watching the first episode halfway through. Clair Foy was dazzling as Queen Elizabeth, Olivia Coleman looked as though she had a chronic case of constipation. Or, in the words of Dorothy Parker "Her emotions ran the gamut from A to B " .
The first Princess Margaret was stunning and charismatic; this season's was frumpy, dumpy and utterly unsympathetic. The geniuses who created the New Coke to replace the old formula apparently worked on this production. They tried to take a winning formula and ended up with an unpalatable mixture unfit for human consumption. I loved Season 1 of The Crown. Acting and scenery was superb (8 stars).<br/><br/>Season 2 started to show some "romanticization" of history and thus for me was a bit of a let down (4 stars)<br/><br/>But Season 3 is now really off the chart for fact checking ! The writing is over simplisitic about events that shaped the characters (Kennedy's episode is just a farce) like the writers didn't find any ideas other than antagonizing the royal family to any one else (depicting american astronauts like idiots). Relation between Prince Charles and the Duke of Windsor is totally wrong (there were no letters!). The problem is : people are going to believe what they see ! And this IS NOT reality. What is the motive behind this ? (2 stars). This show reminds me of The West Wing, only without the endearing characters, brilliant writing and fascinating plots. I slogged through the first three seasons of The Crown, although I was sorely tempted to quit after the first.<br/><br/>I found nothing likable in the cast of totally unsympathetic, egotistical characters. What terrible people they are! They range from pathetic and lame to mean and nasty. The viciousness horrified me. There's nothing redeeming here. No one that I would want to have in my life.<br/><br/>I admit I may be at a disadvantage in that being in the U.S., I know nothing of the background and personalities involved that, granted, many people who watched this series may have been intimately familiar with. I've never been someone interested in the modern royals, and other than the tragedy surrounding Diana, know very little about them. Before watching this show, I could have probably told you more about Elizabeth I than Elizabeth II, and more about Henry V than Charles, Prince of Wales.<br/><br/>A result of that is I had a bit of trouble keeping many of the characters straight and understanding exactly who they were and how they fit into the environment. But, really... it didn't matter all that much because they are all variations on the theme of totally abysmal human beings. Why the royals have been allowed to persist is amazing to me. Maybe the people of the U.K. are just ever hopeful a decent one will pop up to the top and be a proper, compassionate, generous leader.<br/><br/>This is not to say there aren't a few good stories in the long line of mostly depressing episodes. I found the story of when Charles (poor, pathetic Charles!) is sent to Aberystwyth interesting. As was the story of Princess Alice of Greece (who may be the most sympathetic character of the lot). Perhaps my favorite episode is the one about Lord Altrincham -- a truly fascinating incident that I had been unaware of. All of these are stories of historical interest, and I suspect that is what attracted me to them.<br/><br/>There's a scene in one of the later episodes where Elizabeth II admits that there is something wrong with her, psychologically. Indeed. And in fact, there seems to be something wrong with most of them. They all sort of make me involuntarily shudder: Philip, Margaret, (the horrid) Lascelles, the Queen Mother, Mountbatten, Queen Mary, David (traitor!), and so on. They are character studies in self-pity, apathy, and narcissism. The show even made me dislike Churchill, who'd I never had reason to dislike before.<br/><br/>It's quite possible this show is beautifully produced and wonderfully acted. But if so, the dreadful characters got in the way of my enjoying that.<br/><br/>I'm not sure who would enjoy watching this series. Maybe fans of shows about "palace intrigue" like Downton and Upstairs/Downstairs. I've never seen either of those. I had thought this would be more about history than about the unpleasant personalities.<br/><br/>Just a final comment that all the smoking made me claustrophobic and twitchy. How dreadful to have had to put up with that. This is a wonderfully filmed filmed program which stays fairly close to historical accuracy.<br/><br/>The actors all do a good job but the badly matched similarities to such well known figures tends to distract from their performances.<br/><br/>John Lithgow does a good job but he is no Churchill. Much the same with the King. To be fair most of the other cast do look and sound like they should.<br/><br/>Such a shame, but nonetheless a very good series.<br/><br/>But please do not let these small distractions (which may well be only my own) stop you from enjoying, what is a very well produced piece of historical drama. I'm writing this primarily to praise John Lithgow in his role as Sir Winston Churchill. I haven't seen all Lithgow's film work and none of his stage work, so my praise is somewhat limited. Nevertheless, the scene in the "Assassins" episode when Churchill has his final sitting with the artist who paints his portrait--well, Lithgow obviously pulled it all out when he portrays Churchill's grief over the death of his daughter, Marigold, and the meaning that Churchill imposes on his own landscapes of the pond in his own yard...the delivery of dialogue, posture, and especially the expression on his face and the skill of the director and cinematographer--all combine to make it one of the most tragically human moments I've ever seen on a TV series. Perfect. The product of a lifetime of acting experience. I hope that Lithgow would look back on this scene as one of his best, although that's not my business to tell a man how he ought to measure his own life's achievements.<br/><br/>I'm not finished watching the series itself, but I'm hooked. Excellent dialogue in the writing and fantastic delivery by almost every actor. Costuming, set design, lighting, music, direction, cinematography: bravo. People are raving over this and a friend recommended it. I'm not seeing the 9 and 10 stars here. It's okay as long as you're not expecting any kind of historical accuracy. I actually found most of the characters tiresome in the extreme. Yes, it's pretty to look at and some of the settings are lavish (if you like dark, over-stuffed and decorated rooms) but, let's face it, if this lot weren't royalty, we'd tell them to get on with it like the rest of us do.
I haven't made it to the Coronation and won't be. 24:57 into S1:E3 and that's enough of my life wasted. Once you've seen the animals, turn it off! The Queen is always perfect, never makes a mistake EVER. The Americans are viewed as fools. Making fun of our astronauts... The airs of authenticity failed to smokescreen rigid, resentful, envy, power hungry and parochial character of Elizabeth Mountbatten. I did not know all that much about Queen Elizabeth's reign because, frankly, I have no interest in monarchies. The Crown is very well done and I was surprised at how much i learned,. It inspired me to read further. I'm sure much of it is dramatized but that's what makes it entertaining<br/><br/>I got used to the new cast. It bothered me a little but I got over it, especially as I think Olivia Coleman is fantastic. The new Crown cast won me over.<br/><br/>I take off one star for the boring soliloquies during season 3., especially one by Prince Philip. Painful! They went on a little too long and I lost interest.
Overall, I cant wait for season 4!!!! Excellent argument for getting rid of the monarchy and all its little monarchists, camp followers, enablers and other assorted parasites. Nice MG though. The worst tv series that i had ever watched in my lifde A bit too slow. It drags on. I fast forwarded through the show which Is not something I usually do I love the historical references, setting, and storylines! It was disappointing to see the first episode of season III and realize that ALL of the actors had been overhauled...it just isn't the same. I realize it was intended to show that everyone had aged...but it completely changed the tone of the story. Disappointing... :( It's probably the rewriting of some historical events that most put me off. I usually care a lot about historical accuracy although I understand this is a drama and not a documentary. Or it might just be me as I have never been particularly interested in the dynamics of the British royal family.<br/><br/>I don't quite understand the choice to change the cast in season 3 as only a few years have passed since the end of season 2, not enough to justify that ageing.
I liked the cast in season 1 and 2, and I feel in season 3 the new actors, especially the queen, made their own interpretations of their characters which were not very consistent with the previous seasons.<br/><br/>Sure, the acting is good as well as the writing, the cinematography and the costumes, but I cannot shake the feeling that if a show of this quality had been instead centred around a less popular monarchy, it wouldn't have had nearly the same appeal. Season 1 & 2 ***** 5 Stars Brilliant Clair Foy Matt Smith absolutely superb. Totally believable & convincing acting. Why spoil a great formula?! Season 3 onwards ** 2 Stars - it is dire. Olivia Coleman & Tobias Menzies are wooden, dull & unconvincing - rubbish directing ; how to ruin a great TV series or what!!! Acting is amazing. Sets and production are top notch. But holy hell is this show boring! I watched the first 2 episodes of season 1 a couple years ago and decided it wasn't for me. After hearing multiple people rave about it since I decided to give it another go. I made it 7.5 episodes this time. But I'm throwing in the towel. I just can't stay interested or engaged in what's happening.<br/><br/>Victoria is way better. Does it bother anyone else that whatever the vehicle- MG TC, Rolls Royce, Jaguar or airplane, they use the same stock noise? Magic. It moves you to live this story in first person. Everything has been worked very good and is translated in pleasure for the viewer. A must watch series for entertainment, but when the press revealing that they stretched the truth about more than a few fact just to add drama. Today finding out that its pure fiction is a downer, but at least the illusion was fun while it last and with great cast and stories i can't wait to Finnish the last few episodes. The best lie had to be queen kissing Churchill on his death bed maybe he was a force ghost. The lies are so long that there's now a book detailing every lie in every episode. Best episodes Charles at boarding school, Margret in America, Prince Philip's talking to Neil Armstrong. "Great acting" The Crown Season 1 & 2 was so beautifully written, stylised and acted that we all fell in love with the actors and the overall production that it soon became everyone's favourite series.<br/><br/>We were taken into a world behind the pomp and ceremony and finally understood the people behind the power and majesty of the Monarchy as well as the personal struggles of the Queen and her family.<br/><br/>Both brilliant in concept and film production it effortlessly allowed the audience become deeply attached to their favourite characters triumphs as well as their failures. This deep connection with the audience was what made it such a successful in Season 1 & 2.<br/><br/>And with great expectation Season 3 arrived and within minutes lost this connection and betrayed the trust built up so arduously over the previous 2 seasons. The magic was broken! Not because to the story stopped or had nothing to say but because suddenly the actors we knew and loved were not recognisable.<br/><br/>Apart from their change of appearance, their inner reactions and thoughts were alien to us and they didn't react, walk or talk the same. It became a different program that had distanced itself and was never coming back!<br/><br/>As the beloved audience our bond with our previously loved characters suddenly disappeared within the first few minutes. We were left sad, dazed and confused made worse by the fact that it was still such a highly polished production.<br/><br/>From an overall production point of view, the argument that you had to change the actors for older looking ones is definitely not valid these days with all the options of film mastery, makeup and video 'ageing' technology used everyday by Hollywood.<br/><br/>Even if we had kept our original actors from Season 1 & 2 and seen a slow minimal effect of ageing we would still have had our beloved characters.<br/><br/>Season 3 - such a sad disappointment that could have been easily rectified with a better understanding of how you are playing to your audience and asking them love your characters and your story. The moon landing episode features a struggling Duke of Edinburgh, played brilliantly by Tobias Menzies. The transformation that occurs within such a short time is simply mezmerizing. Bravo. As someone who held no interest or affection for the British royal family I thought that this series was going to be totally boring and abysmal but boy was I wrong. The Crown is simply fantastic and is well worth watching even if you have no fondness for the monarchy. Personally I found this series to be completely outstanding in so many ways. The story is epic, the drama resonates on an emotional level and the cinematography is beautiful. Also all the actors involved play their roles brilliantly. I take my hat off to the talented individual/s who wrote this series, they really did an amazing job. In conclusion all I can say is LONG LIVE THE CROWN! This is so not my kind of show. I've been aware of the great reviews for quite some time but never could make myself to begin watching. Until a few weeks ago, that is. I'm actually glad I waited because now I was able to watch all 3 seasons without waiting. My ONLY concern? Not a single Beatles reference! Not even when they were knighted? So, I have to state: This is almost - almost - a perfect show. The Crown series is simply superb. The acting, costumes, scenery and the music all make the monarchy come to life on the screen. The in-depth characterizations allow the viewer to feel compassion for the Queen and her family. The new actors in Season 3 never dropped the torch once. I'm excitedly awaiting season 4! Well done! Most of all, I am amazed that they had the guts to present the situation from all points of view...questioning, in each episode, the usefulness of the royal family. I didn't realize that they are so insecure, being afraid all the time that the English people might decide anytime they don't want to support them any more.
That the only joy in life, for the Queen, was to raise horses....
" Do nothing, say nothing" - wow, this is their motto, and they are paid generously by the people for that...to live in a golden cage and present " smoke and mirrors" shows for their subjects... The Crown Season 1 and 2 left me breathless and screaming for more. I watched both seasons three times! Clarie Foy's performance had me literally mesmerized as I couldn't take my eyes of her every facial expression that revealed SO MUCH. She was astounding. And the supporting cast was equally on par with hers. Truly a masterpiece. When I heard the cast would be completely new, deep down I knew pulling off the enchantment and perfection of Season 1 and 2 was likely not going to happen. I started watching Season 3 with hesitant positivity. Unfortunately, my suspicions were founded. Coleman is a great actress, but sorry folks, she just doesn't hold a candle to Foy's performance and magic. Tobias Menzias is indeed a tremendous version of Prince Philip in seaon 3, I will give you that, but the chemistry that Matt Smith and Foy had was something really special and not often seen. I am so so so so sad that they decided to recast everyone. I think it was a huge mistake. That said - I still adore the writing, cinematography and the music. The acting is still excellent - but that magic is gone. Season 3 started off disappointing due to the change in cast which left out continuity, something that is important to maintain. However, the new cast was equally good as the first 2 seasons and that brought about back the interest. Having said that, Season 3 script is not as interesting as it has many boring segments. Memorable acting from Geraldine Chaplin who leaves one totally involved and mesmerized by how great an actor can really be. Derek Jacobi as the older duke of Windsor gives a great performance as well. Olivia Colman is good as Queen but so was Claire Foy as the younger Queen.Overall, the cast has been well chosen which makes it all very enjoyable to watch. Does Prince Charles exist in this cinematic universe? I can't quite seem to find the character in Season 3. Mind you, I haven't watched the entire season, so No Spoilers! The drama is about actually how miserable it is to be the queen ðŸ˜‚ðŸ¤£ For *ucks sake Having watched the series in it's entirety... so far. I found it to be fantastically produced and acted. Matt Smith's performance is ranged and stand out. The sets and costume have literally no expense spared. The story itself is subtle and respectful of key points in modern british history highlighting many instances i was not aware of. However, there are holes in the writing that hinder the story flow. There are several episodes beginning with cut scenes followed by 6 months earlier which becomes tiresome quickly. There are also poignant and dramatic climaxes that are then never referred to again. Overall a great show but not suitable for casual viewing. This is a true epic. The two first seasons are simply fantastic. Story, cinematography, acting, soundtrack. Just perfect.
I especially enjoy Princess MargaretÂ´s and Prince Philip's stories and evolvement. Top notch acting! Visually The Crown is a treat - practically every scene is like an oil painting come to life. Fortunately it also has the across-the-board compelling performances and assured writing necessary to ensure that stunning scenery doesn't count for nothing. You missed 2018. And 4 months from 2019 has passed and you didn't even scheduled season3 ?! Please inform the audience if there will be a season 3 or NOT It's a based-on-real-life-events fictional drama, well executed, with care for the details. It has a good flow of events in each episode, usually not overstaying in subplots. That's season 1.<br/><br/>2nd season runs a bit slower in pace and has a distinct change in tone which is not necessarily bad, but it most surely is dragged out in the second half of the season. Nevertheless, the show is a good one, so definitely give it a try.<br/><br/>Third season is on its way and I'm really curious in general to see how they are going to portray Diana's story when we come to that. A stunning tv programme. Well made (as with most bbc productions) and with a wonderful cast. Finest acting and portrayals. Lavish sets. Pretty good storyline too.. What more can one say ? As someone who loves anything about the Riyal Family, I love The Crown because I just love anything and everything there is about the Royals. The Crown is a rising jewel of Netflix. This series is intended to have 60 episodes in six seasons, covering a decade of Queen Elizabeth II's reign in each season, and with new actors cast every two seasons. After a year long wait, Netflix finally released all 10 episodes of season two on December 10, 2017. Without doubt, this season of The Crown is magnificent. Although the first season, released in November of 2016, was a realistic and exquisite portrait of Queen Elizabeth's early reign, the second season far more entertaining. This season is full of life, humor, drama and passion. Although the truth behind all of it is questionable, it is irresistible.
Set in the 1950s, the second season takes Queen Elizabeth (portrayed by the brilliant Claire Foy) from crisis to crisis. From national affairs such as the Suez Canal Crisis and the Profumo Scandal to personal conflicts with her ever-disappointing relatives. Especially her whining and childish husband Phillip (Matt Smith), who is as much of a primary character as his wife. Prince Phillip is the love of Elizabeth's life and her main antagonist, continuing to be unsupportive, unfaithful, and threatening to disgrace the monarchy.
Claire Foy returned for her final portrayal as Queen Elizabeth. Each idea is clearly depicted on her face, making sure that we wouldn't miss anything. She can convey the message by a slight flicker of the eyes. Ms. Foy was truly amazing. Her counter part, Matt Smith, wonderfully portrayed Prince Phillip as a conceited simp. The performance of the supporting characters was also marvelous. The smug and ambitious prime minister Anthony Eden is played by Jeremy Northam. Vanessa Kirby was born to play the beautiful and wild Princess Margaret.
Season two of The Crown was wonderfully done. Each episode tells its own story, but it stays connected to Elizabeth's journey as a Queen, mother, and wife. I would highly recommend you to go watch this series. It would be an enthralling experience. Absolutely loved these first two seasons, not sure how I feel about a new cast for the third! A must watch if you're into period dramas! Wonderful series. A piece of history which attracts me a lot. World-class acting and a well time-lapse of the incidents happened during her reign. A bit monotonous, but still very impressive and realistic. Beautiful. This show is really good. It has really good actors, who play the roles so perfect! I love how the producers found actors that look so much like the real people in their younger ages.<br/><br/>The show isn't really thrilling, but the entire storyline is so interesting. You can really see a young woman grow out to be a good queen. This show shows you the good and the bad sides of being the queen of England.<br/><br/>I absolutely love this show and I'd definitelt recommend it to anyone. After 2 seasons, the series stands as one of the majestic English series.
With a lot of budget behind that is noted in the staging both outdoors and in palace interiors to the changing rooms.
The level also comes in the interpretations where Claire Foy as Isabel II takes all the leading role. The plethora of secondaries are at the same level giving a coral distribution of an excellent level.
The direction on the other hand is quite constant and only stands out in an outstanding way in some episodes (Patterfamilias 2 Ã— 9).
The plot so far dances between domestic and international politics in front of the intimate royal family. This is the most remarkable mistake that I see because although both parties seem more than interesting but the political plots I see a little worse for the overall high level of the series. This is a drama about life of queen Elisabeth II and is said to be the most expensive production of Netflix ever. And it really shows. The Crown has no big movie stars and no thrilling action sequences but the attention to details is marvellous. The show is a visual feast to look at, the cinematography, the lighting, the historically accurate costumes and locations and everything else show that a lot of money was spent here. <br/><br/>The show is also well performed and well written. Every element is well executed, no one stands out above the rest. Its is just a very high quality of everything that creates a harmony where everything comes smoothly together.<br/><br/>This is defiantly not a fast-paced and action-packed adrenaline kick off-your seat experience. It is a slow paced character based drama that is moving forward calm and steady. But it is very gripping and encapsulating.<br/><br/>The Crown is one of the best period TV series ever made. It defines the quality of historic period film making with every aspect. Watch it. You won't regret it. You will remember it as one of those memorable television experiences that come along all too rarely. Well written script, makes you want to learn more about the British Royalty. Good insight into their lives. Gives the royalty some colour. Love the attention to detail of the costumes and setups. Keeps you wanting more. Excellent cast for all the main roles. I've enjoyed these 2 seasons and hope that the next crop of actors can rise to the occassion for the upcoming season. Well done Claire Foy, Matt Smith and Vanessa Kirby! Wow! is just word for this Drama. I was quite concerned about the show that whether I should go for it or not since I was up to Game Of Thrones lately. I hope you are aware about the level of GOT series. Trust me! you won't be agitated. It will probably hook you up. So there is no escape one you are in "THE CROWN":
 an instance of amazing direction, Commendable conspiracy. Really interesting characters with so what original story and with really good acting from some cast This is an impressive first season of what could become a TV classic, although I'm expecting that the cast changes after Season 2 will undo most of the good work done here. This is because the performances ring so true, and no one cast member feels out of place. The writing is great in that it develops everything well yet sounds accurate to the time and social class (that being royalty). There are lots of themes to unpack here: love, duty, honour, etc. It's also emotionally powerful, and I hope future seasons don't neglect this aspect. This was very slow moving when I first attempted to watch it. I, for some reason, could not be engaged. Upon a second attempt, months later, I was intrigued, engaged, and loved the ties to true history in a changing climate of the world stage. If you ever sat to wonder, why is the Monarchy so revered, how are they still existing or even still relevant: this will explaining the changing tied. I felt a lot of empathy for the Queen.<br/><br/>Beyond all that boring Jazz I just touted, Claire Foy is FANTASTIC as HRH Queen Elizabeth as is Vanessa Kirby, who plays her sister Princess Margaret. Good Lord ladies, please be in more everything! I don't really want to watch the season 3 replacements, I wish the show had budgeted for aging up rather than recasting, but we get the costs. We'll also see if the story can withstand a switch as audience grows not only attached to story but also to who plays out those stories. Astonishing on every level; acting, directing, writing and production. It is a masterpiece. In love with every little detail! Literally the best series on TV I have to admit that I am not the biggest fan of the royal house. I'm not a hater, in fact I like to follow new about them and I like the people. I'm just not diehard fangirling. But this show definitely made me love them more. It gives you more knowledge on how their lives work and how much has changed from the past until now. It's very detailed without getting boring and makes you see things from a totally new perspective. Personally I've gained a lot more respect for the royal family after watching this Claire Foy and Matt Smith are amazing as the Queen and Duke... using aging as an excuse is totally BS as well because they have aged other actors in tv series and films!! I believe that after season 2 the Crown will flop and the only people that can be held accountable are the stupid people who made such ridiculous decisions!! Claire Foy portrays the queen perfectly and she is such an amazing and well liked actress playing such an iconic character please keep her!! Very much enjoyed season 1, lots of interactions between all the players in the family and government. <br/><br/>Season 2 become more of a study in ego, attitudes and scandals. More of a soap opera style, be that what what it is. <br/><br/>Claire was asked to look stunned, surprised, concerned and worried, a lot. <br/><br/>I was quite surprised there was not even a single line of dialogue dedicated to the architect of peace in the Suez, Lester Pearson, who even won a Nobel peace prize for it for heavens sake! Honestly, we would like to rate the Crown with a 9 or 10 but are hard pressed to do so because the soundtrack really messes up a great production. Just began to watch Season 2 on Netflix. The stories do not have quite the charm as Season 1 but QE has settled into being Queen and he problems are now more modern. This season seems to be more about family and marriage relationships. Prince Philip draws sympathy as one who is not ready to be a true nobody - which is all it seems a royal can be. Season 2 also has the drawback of having no John Lithgow who was marvelous in Season 1. <br/><br/>We did wish form more on the political crisis and less on the life of Margaret which seems to be the weakest part of the story. Too much time on her snivelling is what we believe.<br/><br/>But the really big downfall is the sound track. First the mix is atrocious. No, it is worse than that, much worse. Dialogue is often buried beneath sound effects. It is a noisy movie and when a quiet place would be nice what passes for music is ear numbing drone of various tone instruments. Like no music was actually scored to fit the time and style. This kind of terrible sound is a trend and not just here but in many current productions. It is our guess that the sound (where there used to be orchestrated music pieces) is generated by a computer and nothing more than formula synthesizer. And we don't mean the 70 and 80 style Moog. This is simply sound used as fillers because there are no good composers left or no money in the budget to hire them. It is the most expensive production for Netflix so it is likely just what we expect. Problem is it is so distracting it's annoying beyond the ability to bear it. Thank goodness for the mute button which we use frequently between dialogue sequences. Superb acting and the actors cast are very well suited for their roles. Tremendous effort has been put in this series and is it honestly perfection. I usually find dramas quite boring but this series brings the past to life and it is so interesting to learn intricate details of history without making the viewer bored. I highly recommend this series, it is extremely entertaining. I hope this series is completed and not cancelled anytime soon. Season 2 airs on December 8th 2017. Be sure to watch !! Watched this right after Victoria and Abdul which was moronic. Not generally into series, I keep finding excuses not to bother with stuff like Game of Thrones, but The Crown, blew me away.. Claire Foy as Elizabeth,Jared Harris as Bertie and Matt Smith as Prince Phillip own their roles. John Lithgow as Churchill is astounding. As someone who loves reading biographies (currently devouring Jenkins Gladstone) This mixes historical accuracy with drama exceedingly well. Cant wait for season 2! This show is absolutely wonderful. It's a well written drama encapsulating the life of the royal family. <br/><br/>It's attention to detail in costumes and historical locations is something of pure excellence, that and together with the amazing cinematography. Not to mention that the intro of all things is also something of perfection.<br/><br/>Despite me not being particularly interested in the royal family I watched this show out of the sheer recommendations from my friends and family. So thanks to them for sharing something great with me. <br/><br/>I would recommend this to anyone as it is most certainly incredible. This series is very character driven and the story is linked to the history of Britain from the mid-20th century to the present. Elizabeth II, the British monarch since 1952, belongs to both centuries. Many of us want to learn about the young woman who became Queen and how she fared in those early years of her reign in the 1950's, coping with personal conflicts, and learning the job that she inherited on the death of her 56 year old father. This first season did not disappoint me. The pace was slow at first but I was soon drawn into the events of the period. Claire Foy captures the beauty and charm of the young Queen. On a visit to Africa with her husband, she finds out that her father has died and she is immediately proclaimed Queen. The turn of events is very starkly projected onto our television screen. The king's funeral follows. Thrust upon the world stage, with advisors and Palace staff, we follow her through her Coronation and then a constitutional crisis involving Princess Margaret, her younger sister. We see the Queen Mother coping with grief from the death of her husband, the loss of her home and title. The Queen's husband, Phillip, an ambitious young man, sets aside his naval career and plays the supporting role to his wife. Elizabeth tries to treat him as an equal but it seems there is no way as the Prince Consort, to take up a career. Then, there was the Duke of Windsor, formerly King Edward VIII, who shows up seeking more money to finance his lavish lifestyle and that of his wife. Matt Smith performed the energetic and athletic Prince Phillip, who became disillusioned with his limited role; Dame Eileen Atkins, as the grandmother, Queen Mary, is outstanding; Victoria Hamilton as the Queen Mother seems very distant, and not in keeping with the gracious Queen Mother who was so active in her public role; the role of the Duke of Windsor was magnificently performed by Alex Jennings; John Lithgow, in the role of Winston Churchill, seemed out of his comfort zone (Timothy West...maybe too old now, would have been a better choice); Jeremy Northam was very suited to Anthony Eden, the former Foreign Minister, who was ailing but tried to work with the Queen over the Princess Margaret affair and then tried unsuccessfully to deal with Egyptian President Nasser; Jared Harris didn't look at all like King George VI but he was very convincing in the role of the ill-fated king who took over from his brother, presided over victory in World War II and died at age 56. Despite it's shortcomings, it is great television viewing for those with an interest in the evolution of the Royal Family under Elizabeth II. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>If you ever wanted to get an inside scoop into how the royal family truly functions, this is a prime example as I'm pretty sure this is mostly true to history. It follows Queen Elizabeth II from a young princess as she grows into 'the crown' as Queen. Each episode focuses on a nicely contained subject or event and all details are true to period and highly accurate. You get a neat perspective to see how the Queen interacts with the Prime Minister (played amazingly by John Lithgow) and parliament, her sister, husband and parents. As well as her uncle, The King, who abdicated the thrown for his love, who had two previous husbands, making her ineligible to be his queen. There is also a surprising amount of power or influence given to those in charge of maintaining tradition and honor to the family lineage and to the crown. Great pacing, smart dialog, high quality production value and it is very engaging as the acting, dialog and episode scripts are spot on. Just started recently watching this amazing history themed series, even though I'm not that much into these kinds of series I have to say its brilliant. I was surprised to hear how much one episode is costing Neflix to do this, and asked myself is this why you cancelled two other brilliant Neflix originals ? I'm talking about Marco Polo and Sense8. Netflix reason of cancelling these was that they are to expensive, but you plan to make another 4 seasons of The Crown ... love how you think Netflix. This is well made and I liked the music in the soundtrack, but I must say I was a bit horrified by black people kissing the queen's shoes. Will this not offend people? I'm supposed to write two more lines, well, yes I liked the attention to detail, the costumes, Prince Philip comes across as a bit of a wimp. If you love watching great acting, great dialogue and top notch production then this series is a must see. <br/><br/>Claire Foy is mesmerising as Elizabeth, if Foy continues on this trajectory she is on course to become one of her generations greatest actors. <br/><br/>I cannot fault anyone's performance in this series, not one and my only complaint is that it's finished and I'm left wanting more. <br/><br/>Bravo to Netflix for making this epic and it deserves to capture every award it's possible to win. A wonderful production. It's visually gorgeous,full of glamorous gowns, astonishing jewels, elegant interiors and plenty of glorious vistas of countryside. At its heart it is the story of a family whose individual members struggle to forge a meaningful and fulfilling life within the tightly bound constraints of an ancient, powerful institution being the Monarchy and all that represents. Privileged and dazzling though their lifestyle is, the weight of history, expectations and restriction on personal self actualisation slowly crushes the youthful hopes and optimism of each member, with the exception of the Queen. The Queen is forged instead into a paragon of duty and discretion, cloaking a core of steel, placing the demands of the monarchy above her own and her family's personal happiness If this is a true depiction it explains the success and special reverence so many people have for the Queen and the fascination with the British Royals around the world. It also illuminates the bombshell that Diana must have been to the carefully orchestrated machinery of Monarchy. All this is brought to life by a marvellous ensemble of actors, each impeccable in their roles with Claire Foy as the evolving Queen mesmerizing, yet she is not the only one turning in an outstanding performance. I do hope there is another series and that the Character and motivations of Phillip is explored in greater detail as to my mind his position and royal role is the most challenging and least appreciated. The dynamics of the intimate relationships and glimpses of the royal routine and machinery are fascinating. It will draw you in. Outstanding In a world where we often have questionable television, The Crown is superb in every aspect. Well written. The acting is wonderfully executed. The story lines and drama are well praised and great to watch. The Crown takes what can often be seen as a mundane topic of the Royal Family and tells the story with a fresh history and insight that has the viewer coming back for more. The Crown is indeed good television and deserves top accolades come award season. One of those shows you know is a collaboration of many talented intelligent people on every level yet you can't wait for it to end. The theme that is pushed in your face every five minutes is English traditional dehumanizes their royalty. Once the crown is exchanged the queen/king chooses a sort of suicide for the advancement of their national mythology. They are icons of various English virtues and this sacrifice causes them to commit acts of cruelty to themselves and their family. I have no interest in the royal family and less so after I was done watching 10 hours of this portrayal of their vapid lives. Elizabeth may be the least interesting character ever to be featured in a major production. She is charmless. Philip is an immature swaggering castrated lemur brooding about his loss of vitality and freedom. The actress who plays Margaret excels. The dialogue is dry, inhibited and bloodless. There is no action. Nothing of significance happens and even when it does it happens around their periphery. The ninth episode about Churchill is brilliant. while most this review sounds negative, this is how the writer intended it. This show is about a crown. It gets passed down from generation to generation. The people are insignificant in every way. They are bred to be bores. This show succeeds, it proves it's point, so bravo for a perfectly executed barely watchable splendid bore Fell in love with this series. The costume, locations and casting is just fantastic and I felt as though the stories were very well portrayed. There wasn't one character in there that I didn't think was cast perfectly. Such a shame that the story line couldn't last much longer! Here's to hoping there's a series 2 in the pipeline. The crown is quite simply a masterpiece in every sense of the word and for me it's the best show i have watched since game of thrones.Everything from the cast to the acting to the music the attention to detail,cinematography etc is of the highest quality.<br/><br/>Special mention goes to the Claire Foy and John Lithgow in their portrayal of Queen Elizabeth 11 and Sir Winston Churchill respectively they bring the characters to life like never before and should surely be heading the list of awards for TV shows in 2017.<br/><br/>The show is like a magical time machine which takes you back to post world war 11 Britain and slowly transports you back to the present day leaving you in complete awe and appreciation of how the British empire had a profound effect on the world. <br/><br/>The main appeal of the show is that it makes you wear the queen's crown and walk in her shoes and the most dramatic and gripping scenes emerge when she has to make very difficult choices sometimes even having to choose between her family and the crown. The series is a must watch it is both very entertaining and equally educative. I cant wait for the second season. Finally the show has left me with profound respect and great admiration for Her Majesty The Queen. What a beautiful story of The Queen Elizabeth II. I have never been ecstatic about the a Royal family nor had any interest of their life. The Queen, I just though of as just a Royal figure. How we don't know about these amazing people who they are, how they are expected to represent their Church and people. <br/><br/>The Crown brings you into their difficult and different life. It shows us how human they really are. The Queen I found to be a truly amazing person who loves others but is forced by what is expect by her oath to make difficult desisions where she can not choose love. What a charming, strong amazing women she truly is. I have new respect for the royal Family and The Queen. This story is beautifully created, wonderful cast, imaging and story. Already can not wait for the next Sean. Well deserved 10 stars. Just incredible. Well done. One of the most expensive shows been created by Netflix, and it pays off in pretty good manner. What to say about the actors. Claire Foy is amazing and i am in love with her. All of the actors have acted beautifully. The show is outstanding in every way: faultless. From brilliant dramatisation to acting to score to cinematography: everywhere you look it commands. It is also compelling, well written, and well performed. In fact, almost every element is perfectly executed, which means that no single one stands out above the rest, but rather they work in harmony. And that is the show's greatest success; the fact that it all comes together smoothly into a neat, binge-able, high quality package.Besides all that, The Crown , have made me look with another eyes to the royal family, specially Queen Elizabeth, to be honest i did not know much about her personal life. Still the show is a fight of power money and above all to maintain the dignity of the royal family. Its just a must watch show available presently. For anyone who knows the history of this period, there is no spoiler in this review. I checked spoiler alert for those who might not.<br/><br/>This is excellent, an outstanding series about Queen Elizabeth II. It begins with her intended, Philip, played by Matt Smith, being given the necessary titles to marry her. Season 1 focuses on the difficulties faced by the young queen with her marriage, with learning her job as queen, and with her sister's wish to marry, which Margaret was free to do if she gave up her title. I assume that anything depicting the intimate details of the personal lives of the royals is fictional, but it is easy to see how hard it must have been for the dashing Philip to live under the shadow of his wife who was also his sovereign. Had Elizabeth's uncle Edward not abdicated, had her father not died relatively young, had she become queen when she and Philip were older and their children grown, all could have been easier for them. But that's not what happened. The show is pretty close to flawless. Claire Foy's portrayal of Elizabeth is so real. John Lithgow is superb as Churchill at the end of his career advising the young queen. The challenges Elizabeth had in dealing with him was one of the more fascinating parts of the story. It's on Netflix. I highly recommend it. I can't wait for season 2.