I watched the movie after hearing news of suicide of Sushanth. I loved the movie. Each and every thing in the movie done fantastically. Claps to the whole crew. Honestly I really don't know about him much more till watching this movie. After completing the movie I read lot about him. I really shocked he was a rank holder and quit this studies for cinema. And also I can't believe you attempted suicide. You was a fighter.. A true fighter.. and the way you end your story is very disappointing. I miss you Sushanth.... One of the best movie in recent years. Varun Sharma, What an actor!! Superb story line. Nitesh tiwari doesn't disappoint at all. Perfect mix of storytelling which empathize with us+ humour+ emotion. A masterpiece by director of Dangal. Must watch with the family. Something that our youth and parents need to understand that failure is not the ending of the world and stop pressuring their kids and supporting them to atleast give their best and need not to worry about failure. Life has crores of things in which one can be good at. So give your best embrace the results and move on. Life has so much for you ahead. Without a second thought go with your complete family to watch it. Comedy, inspiring movie of the year , all actors acting was good , Shushant Singh Rajput & Shraddha Kapoor done very excellent job 👌. It's my first review after becoming a member for 5 years in this site anyway.
Despite the weakness of the film, I love this Nitesh Tiwari directional. it's full of hilarious moments made us (audience) laught out loud. We will be invited to reminisce into college days like 3 Idiots with different atmosphere and themes, but with almost the same impact. I know, the transition of flashback scene was not seamless. Sometimes, it seemed out of control. But believe me, it'll be still on the right track till the end. The performances of lead cast was also just okay, not that great. It was the supporting cast who looked stunning in this film. But overall, the chemistry between casts was excellent. Go for this one! You will regret if you missed watching this film at nearby cinema! Unfortunately, this one is limited in my country, Indonesia. A great movie
A must watch for all parents
It's all about trying and giving the best not about the result.
Need to inculcate this in the society as rightly said in the movie we think what will happen when we success and not not when we don't. It's a natural phenomenon.<br/><br/>But Sushant your demise made me watch this and I loved your last work and the message you spread.
God bless you . RIP A very good movie from bollywood after a very long time. Enjoyed it with my friends. It's kinda must see. Great comedy with strong emotional story. Even better than the director's last film! Please go and watch, this type of movie is made after so long Awesome story line and direction with a simple and nice message for audience This is not a film where the friends characters are just in the backgeound laughing for hero's jokes and just shedding few tears in emotional scenes, they play a very important role and carey the film on their shoulders!
The performances are just mind blowing, after so long Shraddha kapoor has got a chance to show what she is. Sushanth is wonderful in his role, and the film also touches few social topics and leaves you with a message.
The dialogues and college episodes are just mindblowing and it brings you laughs.
You laugh so much that you no more care about the world.
The director runs the screenplay of the past and the present simultaneously which is really fresh on the film.
The sports episodes are also picturised in a clean way instead of adding a cinematic feel into it.
Bottomline- you can watch it a million times and will never be bored. One of the best movies after 3 idiots .
Acting 1 no
Story 1 no Go for it guys. It's a complete package. Good star cast , great direction , good story-line ...an awesome movie to watch Very interesting movie I laughed too much Comedy and emotional too good Movie was perfectly balanced with emotion,fun and entertainment while watching this film you will feel like that what else you want its an perfect movie and somewhere it was,film never losses its charm till the end,this movie is not about heroes or main lead or villains every single character was important and every single character was adding different flavor to this movie great story amazing screenplay and most important thing impact full direction by Nitesh Tiwary after successful film like Dangal he again came up with great entertainer with strong message which gonna stay with you for long.<br/><br/>4.5 star out of 5 Everyone should watch this movie....this a masterpiece like 3 idiots Really loved the story and acting was superb it did remind me alot of 3 idiots also great background score. Chhichhore - Indian films have now come of age, they can give a message subtly without being preachy. Chhichhore begins with young Raghav suffering from a massive anxiety about whether he will crack the all India engineering entrance exam as he has invested 18 hours a day for the past many months preparing for it and wants to match the caliber of his parents.<br/><br/>A failure to launch throws him into despair and the occasion brings together six middle aged people into a reunion with the objective of alleviating Raghav from his pain and encouraging him to bring hope back into his fragile life. LOSERS, as these six were known as in their student life, recount their carefree journey initially and the final effort to shrug off the underdog tag, drawing a significant parallel to Raghav's situation.<br/><br/>Director Nitesh Tiwari handles the subject with sensitivity and balances the Losers journey through the undergraduate years well. There was ample temptation available to propel this segment of the film into being an over the top and loud essay, but Tiwari never gives in, thus rising above the ordinary. Sushant Singh Rajput delivers an underrated performance and Tahir Raj Bhasin adds gravitas. Naveen Polishetty, Tushar Pandey and Saharsh Kumar Shukla add to the little masala with their individual contribution, but the star of the Losers union must be Varun Sharma. He is absolutely a laugh riot with his expressions, one liners and an incredible energy, cracking up the theatre on numerous occasions. The weakest link is yet again Shraddha Kapoor, who needs to experiment with diversity of histrionic capabilities and expressions.<br/><br/>Don't miss Chhichhore, it's a fantastic mood lifter and easy on the mind, often drawing you into the proceedings. Woww..movie..why Sushant..why why..all will came under justise one day who lead you to that trageting move..I didn't had cryed this much before after one acter leaving..this made me full shocked..pls bycott all star kids movies here after..ee need justice This is the blockbuster One of the best movie ever. Must watch movie Very nice Movie I enjoyed Entrainment Comedy everything good Story: A movie with a critical message that either you win or lose, life can't be replaced by anything. This message has been conveyed in an engaging and enjoyable manner.<br/><br/>Screenplay: This movie gives the nostalgic feel about college life. Screenplay does engage well in its first half. But got little slow in its second half, it's because the message should be effectively conveyed. However the message is effectively conveyed.<br/><br/>Music: Background score by Pritam was good. But, out of 3 songs, 2 songs are good. Background music helped a lot to make us involved with the movie.<br/><br/>Acting: It's definitely the best movie in the career of Sushant Singh Rajput and the best movie of Shraddha Kapoor after Aashiqui 2 and ek villain. Their acting is absolutely awesome and make us connect with the movie emotionally. Varun Sharma as usual made us laugh with his one liners. Prateik Babbar though underutilized, done his part well. Other casts have also performed well.<br/><br/>Dialogues: The best part of the movie, which makes us emotional was its dialogues. Though old, the dialogues are awesome.<br/><br/>Overall, a nostalgic film that can't be any better.<br/><br/>*My Rating: 4.5/5* The movie has a very good plot. Direction is great. Dialogues are great too.
All the main actors have done really well. Varun, Naveen, Tushar, Tahir along with Sushant and Sushant have really filled the movie with lots of humour.
There were tense moments involving human actions and emotions.
I loved the way parallelism has worked in the movie.
What I didn't like about the movie were some impractical elements and poor acting by some characters.
Nonetheless the movie is a great and must watch. If you have lived in a hostel or you have spent a lot of great times with your friends, you can find moments to relate yourself. The movie also teaches us about our expectations from life and from those who are around us, especially the kids. It keeps us entertained and engaged throughout the runtime.
Definitely one of the best movies of the decade.
Go watch it.. IIT Bombay is Alma mater of director Nitesh Tiwari. I don't think anyone else could have done the justice with this film. He has blended his experience in IIT with the typical problem of dealing with failure and ensured that the audience leave theatre with euphoric feeling at the end. He has captured the essence of college life and mixed with a impactful message for young guns. Something a very few directors are capable of pulling this off.
This film brings back the memories of IIT. Though it was KGP for me.
It's a must watch film. #FinalVerdict<br/><br/>A film of impeccable pedigree, a breezy entertainer with its heart in the right place! Director Nitesh Tiwari is truly working at the height of his creative powers. Sterling!<br/><br/>You expect the moon from this Fox Star Studios and Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment's production as far as the entertainment goes because it's Nitesh Tiwari's next release after Dangal. Let me make it clear right away. There are films & there are more films and then there's Chhichhore. It can be rightly termed as a slice of life film. Nitesh Tiwari understands the intricacies of human behaviour & strives to deftly integrate authentic characters & bona fide situations on celluloid. Technically too, the product is first-rate.<br/><br/>The initial reels are full of light moments & keep the viewer in splits with witty one-liners. More than the story, it is the screenplay (Nitesh Tiwari, Piyush Gupta & Nikhil Mehrotra) that should be talked about. You will be high on nostalgia for sure!👍👍<br/><br/>One more thing! You cannot draw parallels with any other film, past or present, successful or unsuccessful. If masala means entertainment, amusement, hilarity, escapade, emotions and drama, yes, Chhichhore has it all. Only thing, it's treated differently!<br/><br/>Every person behind the camera gives his/her best to the film. Amalendu Chaudhary's exquisite cinematography is another aspect that catches your attention. The feel of the film has been cut, compiled & presented with dexterity by editor Charu Shree Roy. Nimble-fingered!<br/><br/>Pritam's music perfectly grows on you after you've watched the film. Sameer Uddin's background score uplifts the overall mood. Amitabh Bhattacharya's lyrics leave an impression. And the best is reserved for the last - Mukesh Chhabra's casting is spot on!<br/><br/>Chhichhore boasts of an exuberant on-screen ensemble cast. As a matter of fact, it's an unusual mix of actors & they unequivocally shine collectively. Together, as a group of friends, they have an easy camaraderie that's easily relatable. Sushant Singh Rajput is blessed with wonderful screen presence & gets the timing of his character right. Watch out for him in the scene where he goes tongue-tied in front of Maya. Shraddha Kapoor emotes with utmost conviction, proving her mettle as an actress of substance. Varun Sharma is superb in his comic timing. His appearance, mannerisms & dialogue delivery are exemplary. Tahir Raj Bhasin portrays the role with plentiful charm & magnetism. Naveen Polishetty is quite a scene-stealer on more occasions than one. Excellent!<br/><br/>Prateik Babbar's registers a strong impact despite the small role. Tushar Pandey plays to the gallery & delivers a sparkling performance. Saharsh Kumar is in terrific form & portrays his role with precision. Chhichhore belongs to everyone. Copybook!<br/><br/>On the whole, Chhichhore is brimming with solid content with a relevant message. Watch it for the spirit it is made in. Sometimes, we laugh at movies. At times, we laugh in movies. Chhichhore belongs to the latter type. Get ready to relive your college life! This movie is amazing and I can keep watching it again and again till the end of my life for my love for Sushant Singh Rajput 💔 Drama 3/5
Plot 3.5/5
Humour comedy 4.5/5
Suspens 3.5/5
Performance 3/5
Good entertainer Perfect movie for those who think that their life is of no use after failing the entrance exam Best movie guys must watch it's motivational movie love shushant work Purely enjoyable
Movies takes us to our hostel life
Lile 3 idiots movies
Flow of movie is super smooth This movie is overdose of laughter medicine. Guys blindly book ticket and go to enjoy roller coaster in theater. ***** Great direction, great script n a great movie. This isn't something u watch, entertain yourself and move on. Right after the end of the movie, I called to my father... I told him that i was watching a film and narrated the whole story in brief... it felt nice. U know, this was the first time i talked to my father like that, i tried to cheer him up, i tried to convince him that he has always been a great father... n hope i will be his great warrior son too... This movie gives you ride of loughter,Emotions the complete entertainer
As title suggest don't miss this gem. The story has a good message. One that would remind many of what's really important.<br/><br/>The movie itself was a mixed bag of some good, funny scenes and other not so great cheesy, cringeworthy moments. Unfortunately, the latter was the prominent aftertaste while walking out of the cinema hall.<br/><br/>It's like they took the most cringe parts of 3 Idiots and SOTY and squashed it in one movie, hoping people would love it. It somewhat achieves that due to the college nostalgia most people would relate to.<br/><br/>I felt the second tier actors/characters were better than the main actors. They brought a spark to an otherwise predictable, cliched storyline. The make-up for all the old (current timeline) characters was very similar and quite comical when seen together (mainly the same receding hairline). The music/score was quite average and failed to really have an emotional impact.<br/><br/>I feel the movie is somewhat being overrated by some watchers. It's the nostalgia and relatable youthful moments that makes it appeal to them, rather than the quality of the movie. Neither great, nor the worst I've seen. Overall, I'd say it's a decent time-pass watch at best. Nothing more, unfortunately. Right characters with good dialogues. Tight direction.. good screenplay.
One of the finest movie. Everyone character was good.
Very well written,played , directed movie.
I loved it. This is an excellent work, with suspense, you won't even get bored for 1 second throughout the movie, it contains direct messages, indirect message, you will feel positive, once you are out of theatre!!! Not a regular bollywood ending, not a regular bollywood work, something you can say masterpiece, you gonna relate maximum of the story to yourself!! You can enjoy movie with family! Acting superb
Story superb
Best in Bollywood after long time. Please don't miss it. The movie is one of the best college movies I have ever seen. I loved the way all the characters were shown. I wonder why this movie does not have a blockbuster box office. Another great work by Nitesh Tiwari. A complete wholesome, heart warming movie. One of the best movie that came from Bollywood. Some might find some jokes lame, offensive but not to me because only a LOSER like me will get the emotions. Sushant what message you wanted to convey will stay with us and generations to come.
Thank you Sushant, other Cast and chhichhore team for this. Rip sushant .. 😔
Rip sushant
Rip sushant
Rip sushant
Rip sushant
Rip sushant
We miss you bhai! CHHICHHORE REVIEW :-<br/><br/>Who doesn't want to relive college and hostel life memories after settled life? Who doesn't want his kids to know thier funny and crazy stories? Everything which seems unusual to sophisticated society actually gives you immense happiness and that's what Chhichhore does right from the start till the End. It is a film that will entertain you, make you laugh, recall your old memories and at last gives you one small but a long lasting message.<br/><br/>Chhichhore is a story of an united college group and of a separated group of same people after some years of College life. Aniruddh (Sushant Singh Rajput) and Maya (Shraddha Kapoor) reunite thier college group when his son is admitted in Hospital who needs to know thier college life to motivate him self. As decided, Sexa (Varun Sharma), Derek (Tahir Raj Bhasin), Acid (Navin Polishetty), Mummy (Tushar Pandey) and Bevada (Saharsh Kumar) reunite and the Losers start telling the mad journey of thier hostel life. Their story takes you on a ride of non-stop entertainment where you meet some other characters too, where Raggie (Prateik Babbar) is one of the main character. Acting wise all the Characters are funny, emotional and realistic and everyone out there has done thier part with the sense. But college life characters are more impactful because variations there were more comparable to mid-life characters. In this roller coaster ride there are hardly any loo breaks and that's the biggest strength of Chhichhore. The screenplay is flawlessly written for the simple story but the fashion of storytelling is amazingly crafted. Music being one of the loo breaks, that might give you the Chance to leave your seats for a while but that's all, you don't get any other chance to take a nap. Dialogues are Hilarious, vulgar but have humour and local feel in it. Director Nitesh Tiwari does an excellent job with the script and the actors he had in hands. Handling such a sensitive subject with realistic manners, humorous comedy and balancing 2 generations and 2 situations at the same time keeping the quality intact, all these are done by 1 Man so accurately. Mr. Nitesh Tiwari you're officially a Big Thing In Bollywood now. The goodwill earned by Dangal will be carry forwarded by Chhichhore untill you come up with your next venture.<br/><br/>Apart from entertainment, Chhihhore also focuses on an important issue like does we really have an option after failure. We all have plans set after victory but we never prepare for defeat and that might force you to take a big and horrible decision in your life. Whether it is Study, Sports or any competition in life you must have something planned for the defeat too. In a nutshell, Chhichhore is Hilarious Entertainment having emotions and heart at right place. If you wanna relive your college life and compare it with your later one then Chhichhore is a Must Watch for all 3 generations in your Family.<br/><br/>RATING- 7/10* It hurts when a film with such good star cast and potential fails to live up to its mark. Engineering life was never about sports and it will never be, this film could have gone a whole different way if it had not been for sports. Naveen Polishetty's college life could have turned out to be a better script. The film does have good jokes but most of them end up making the audience feel cringey . The film successfully makes audience reminisce their college life and friends.. maybe that's enough for the mass audience and most of them will be satisfied after watching this movie By the seeing the rating of this movie as 8.9. My hopes were very high.
This movie does have few good punches but overall It was bore.
This is just one time watchable. Nowhere it deserves rating more than 6.<br/><br/>BTW there is nothing to add spoilers. Same old college story. Over the past 5-10 years bollywood have systematically brainwashed Indians to really enjoy such a crappy movie and spend their time and money. I see bollywood is one of the single biggest reason for gdp loss.<br/><br/>Story- a story with a good message executed with all bad messages.<br/><br/>Acting- B grade acting. These guys cant even express emotions. There is a reason why top actors like Amitabh, Aamir, Shahrukh, Irfan, Aushutosh, Boman, Madhavan are at a different league.<br/><br/>Script- looks like a Frakenstein, stitched from several movies.<br/><br/>Screenplay- rushed, no character development. Just a cheesy comedy.<br/><br/>I was just expecting that something dramatic will happen but there were no such moment. Trust me guys u gonna love this movie.Absolutely mesmerising,fantastic,unique,beautiful & excellent movie. Chhichhore is a fresh take on Students Life which reminds you of Three Idiots, but don't think that it's same. Three Idiots was focused on the students who worked hard for what they want and in the end they are succeeded in it. But Chhichhore teaches us what to do when we fail in doing certain things, that too when you know you want that thing and you work very hard in order to achieve it.
The best part about this movies was the editing. I loved the way Director and Editor showed the sequence of events that collapsed with their past as well as their present.
Another great part about this movie was the the characters. Each character stayed as they were at beginning. Just because things gone awry, they didn't started preaching about what to do but rather helped our main leads to move their story forward.
Special mention to Sexa a.k.a Varun Sharma. Throughout the film he will make you sit on your chair to see what he says or does next. The best part about him and his character was they not just used him as a prop to make the audience laugh which is very common with most of his role.
Sushant and Shraddha were awesome. It was good to see them together, although Shraddha's character could have done more than just being Sushant's love interest.
All in all this movie is a must watch for those who like to experience their old college days through movies and also want to learn something out of it I don't know , why people are rating this movie so high.
Anyway, its an average movie.
Sushant is expressionless.
Shraddha Kapoor is just average.
The only person who pulled this on out is Varun Sharma, the only performer in this movie.
Makeup seem poor and looks fake.
It would have been really boring without him. Story lacks originality except some punches.Till interval it manages to titillate the audience but after interval everything becomes becomes so predictable. Varun Sharma shines because of his great comic timing. Chhichhore, the promise of a movie set in hostel, about youth, college and wild laughs, with some familiar comics. A not to be missed affair, as I thought. I went to the big screen, popcorns on one side, drinks on the other, kids cajoled and silenced with their own choicest snacks, I sunk in to my seat.<br/><br/>The movie starts slow and suddenly slips in to tragedy as a young boy traumatized at not getting in to IIT, jumps from a building. His parents, completely taken in by this misfortune are in tatters, inconsolable and beyond grief. Sadness and guilt writ on their face, an unlikely start for a comedy, pain and hurt indelibly etched in the movie. And the movie makes its way from the hallway of the hospital, coming back their repeatedly, a grim reminder.<br/><br/>It then attempts to tickle the funnybone as the father brings out his diary to narrate his college days. He calls in his friends and they share the story of their college and hostel life and their 'loser' tag. The story veers between their college days and pranks and the doctors submission of their sons condition.<br/><br/>Nostalgic college days are just that in the movie, nostalgia. Comic talent is wasted as the scripts lacks punch and cliched characters are ascribed to various artists, with a boy fond of porn, a thin boy, en extremely protected boy, an abusive boy. Again a promising start, but it fails to lift this veneer and dig deeper, to build on it. Multiple characters are introduced, though keeping with the script, staying shallow.
Varun Sharma, a natural comic is utterly wasted. Shradha kapoor shines, but is just a wall post, bereft of a role. Sushant hogs the limelight, but his acting is abysmal. A tough ask, balancing comic with seriousness, he languishes. His plain expressions and the tired, dreary look he wears robs the movie of its energy. An unlikely and undeserving hero. Comedy is not his forte and the struggle is visible. The external raucous and pomp doesn't bring in the laughs.<br/><br/>The movie totters along, with sobriety coming along in the end, weighed in heavily with poignant messaging. It lifts itself in the end, shrugging off cliches and embracing defeat, redefining failure. 'You dont lose in front of someone, but only if accept defeat to yourself'. It redefines loss, not as heart wrenching, but that effort is worthy and it defines a champ.<br/><br/>The movie ends strong, with good messaging, but is preceded by a couple of hours of cliched, confusing script, shallow humour and some poor acting.<br/><br/>Sorrow meshed with trivial fun, an unappetizing fare! Chhichore is a virtuous movie with good one liners enthusiastic screenplay and good direction. Though the movie does not have a subject that has not been explored in the past.<br/><br/>The movie contains scenes reminiscent from the immaculate 3 Idiots and has the passion of Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander. Not writing enough about the movie as the above 2 mentioned movies says everything.<br/><br/>Positives- Good direction, all actors are good in their respective characters though Varun Sharma as Sexa stands out. Some well executed scenes of camaraderie. The movie drags midway but the dialogues do make up for the same and audience are engaged.<br/><br/>Overall, a well-executed movie from Nitesh Tiwari and please do watch for the climax which does give a lesson. This is an awesome movie.. it holds you all along.. A directional tribute.. flowing story telling.. should get all the attention, credit, business and love.. I just want this to be a block buster with high business to inspire other movie makers.. Go and watch it.. it will not fail you.. Watched it in Bahrain yesterday (but as per India's time, it was 6th september 2019)<br/><br/>I basically was watching the movie because of Varun sharma (Sexa) but all the actors turned out to be of excellent performers!!<br/><br/>I had expected it to be like 3 idiots or STY but it turned out to be wayy better than STY and close to 3 idiots.<br/><br/>The trailer alone makes you want to watch the movie and it does the job!!<br/><br/>Also, there is a great message & perfect execution in the movie with I must say a BILLION cameras around to show almost EVERYTHING !!! :D<br/><br/>8 stars because it gets a LITTLE slow in the middle, but overall an EXCELLENT movie!! No...just no. This film has to be one of the most pathetic ripoffs of 3 Idiots that nevertheless fails to inherit any of the charm or grandeur of the original.<br/><br/>The first sore thumb, among many, was the casting choice for the lead roles. I found the supporting cast adequate, but both Sushant Singh and Shraddha Kapoor were TERRIBLE picks for the lead.<br/><br/>Sushant gave a somewhat tolerable performance as a college student but the moment he put on the terrible aged makeup to play his older self, I would brace myself for a lot of lifeless bland acting. I think this man was way out of his league for such a role. He is more fit as a teenage heartthrob with the dance moves and pecks rather than playing any character/role that requires some dramatic depth. But a more terrible offender of bad and even cringe-worthy acting was Shradhha Kapoor. Whenever she attempted to shed tears on screen, I would have to painfully restrain myself from bursting out into laughter. She was just so bad.<br/><br/>And now, let's move onto the plot. Ideally, a good plot would have compensated for any of the bad acting to some degree. But sadly, the plot here felt an ever bigger joke than the dubious casting choices. The writer thought it was probably an excellent idea to mash 3 Idiots with Student Of The Year. And this does not pay off at all.<br/><br/>Here's the main problem: The film tries to correlate a young boy's frustrations of not getting a good college admission rank with the frustrations of his father and friends when they tried to win a college sports competition to reclaim their hostel's glory on campus. There is an immediate disconnect between these two types of frustrations. The boy is genuinely worried about his future career and education, things we can all agree are paramount to establishing security in life. But his parents in their youth are worrying over a mere sports competition??? How can they be both the same. If I lost the latter, maybe I would be severely heartbroken but I know that would not leave an impact on my life's security. I find it even more ironic that the director of the film is an IIT alumnus and yet he stupendously fails in portraying this frustration today's youth face in trying to establish themselves in an over competitive third world nation.<br/><br/>So , starting from the second act, the film completely devolves into Student of The Year territory without any tether to the actual struggles of college and academic life in India.<br/><br/>If you really want to watch a film to stoke your nostalgia of college life, either go rewatch 3 idiots or simply go to Youtube and watch the excellent satire TVF Honest Campus Placements. After all the good reviews and the natural expectations from the 'Dangal' director I watched this movie.<br/><br/>This is just average i would rate this one 6/10 .
If u have seen the trailer u would guess that it has similarities to 3 idiots and SOTY 1. That is true .Many scenes reminded me of those two movies .The plot was very predictable.<br/><br/>The plus was the characterisation. Every characters were well established . Dialogues were good.<br/><br/>I would definitely watch it on a Sunday afternoon .But won't rate this one that high . Evenly distributed role of each character, laughing out loud moments in every 5 minutes. Must watchovie This movie is good but not as good as 3 idiots. 3 idiots is a whole different thing and the comparison between this two is jut nothing but foolishness. This movie has depicted one of the alarming issues and that's suicide. The message of this movie is that suicide is not the solution. The acting is also good. A worth watching. One of the most motivational movie in indian cinema and funny too. This is a simple (typical) college life story but you will be amazed how director portrayed it perfectly, Probably only Bollywood movie where Hero (Heroes) lost in climax, but gives you a smile on your face, and teaches us (specially college students) that don't always let your life stuck between Winning and Losing.
This is the first time I'm writing IMDB review, because it's a must watch movie and young guys should watch it. This movie has everything that is required for a movie to be a blockbuster. You'll love every part of the movie, it is entertaining the whole time!
Everyone has done their part really well including the supporting actors. Sushant and Shraddha are a delight to watch! Very good movie ever .nice surprise super,👍👍👍👍 high sure #chhichhore - What a beautiful, motivational, feel good movie 😍😍😍
#SushantSinghRajput 💐 💐 💐
#ShraddhaKapoor 💐 💐 💐
All other technicians 👏
@itsSSR how could you leave us by doing suicide after done film like this?! 😭😔
Wish you come back to us 💔🙏
@ShraddhaKapoor Everyone is brilliant in this movie. But Sushant is too good. Sushant bhai i miss you. Yesterday I watched this movie and getting emotional for Sushant Singh Rajput. Sushant bhai ese nai Jana tha aapko. esa talented insaan ese chala jayega. Still can't believe. Hats off this movie Cast, Director, Producer and all team unit. Perfect blend of comedy, emotion and tragedy. It reminded me of many moments of my college life. A good watch. A movie that can makes smile and cry at the same time Fantastic movie, Sushant Singh and co. 100/100. Well done, great content, great acting, great script and great product. Must watch. I think Chhichhore Is Replace to student of the year... Best movie ever. You guys will remember your hostel life after watching this movie. It's nice that many actors who are not so famous because of excessive star kids in Bollywood, got a role in this Movie and got a chance to prove themselves and they actually proved it. Definitely recommend. This movie is an emotional and beautiful masterpiece. Life is about living and being proud of the way you have gone and not the end result. Now with Sushant's death every single one of his movies hurt but he will always be remembered through masterpieces like these. Rest in peace, you angel. Came here to pay my respects to Sushant. Rewatched this movie on television and couldn't help but cry thinking how we failed him. This movie deserved more awards than any other film of 2019. Honestly the film gave such a strong and powerful message and delivered so beautifully. Good films such as this have become a rare sight in the Indian film industry in recent times. I also ignore this movie, when he was alive. Yesterday i watch this movie and realise that actually we are responsible for this.. We Don'tappreciate talented people work... I really cried a lot after this movie.. Same thing happens to me when i did not get chance to admitted in government medical... My father help me a lot to overcome...
A must watch movie Sushant singh rajput acted like a charming star in this movie In fact, it's not very good. One part of it is a bit loose. It's reluctant to use storytelling as a whole to inspire my son. But it is still a good Indian film with warm humor and inspiration. The first time I saw an Indian film, I was amazed at the high degree of completion of the film, the excellent plot promotion and emotional control. In particular, the use of comedy and emotional elements makes people look at Indian youth films with great admiration. One of the finest movie of current bollywood. Based on how to face challanges of real life (Academic/ College life story (mainly)). How to overcome from your insecurity. Your friends, loved one and self belief are the real things which really matter in your life.<br/><br/>Luv you Sushant💫 Best ever movie made in Bollywood with the best actors . Everyone should watch this movie at least once. Pls watch it .Its a wonderful movie.SSR at his very best and the whole caste was superb I really loved the concept of this movie. A message well delivered 👍 This movie is definitely one of the best Bollywood movies I've ever seen, Sushant (rip) was unbelievably good in this movie i saw him in (dhoni) for the first time I loved that movie so much he was at his best.
The actors in this movies are crazy good, loved every single one, even the bad student in the movie was good.
And now for the most important thing "the writing", the writing of this movie is good, it's funny, sad and dramatic it's it's amazing, it's also meaningful, it's the the director of dangal of course it's gonna be good.
I recommend this to everyone, you will enjoy this movie so much, watch it. Amazing movie....full of comedy... full of emotions... worth watching it.. Very well made film with all Bollywood elements of comet, romance, glamour, songs and sentiments. But still it carries a massage for teen kids. The movie was realistic and depicts how one should live Watched it n number of times ..It will remain my favorite movie of all time ..Thanks Sushant The Direction at it's best. Can't believe that this is the movie i want to watch again and again because everytime you watch it, you will find something new in the story. The film has many angles but all parts end up at one point. Yeah! Thats conclusion. Must watch. Thank you. One of the best movie I ever watched, great acting and the story. Remember it's awesome experience but sushant suside it was shock to all.... Sushant always remember for that film. Movie experience is the best... Sushant you are always winner ... Very emotional movie Story with perfect humour and emotion ..Sadly the last movie of late sushant singh rajput..But his one movie performance is better than all the nepotism group performance combined. Reality awesome movie and gives a great massage.....do not try to committed suicide For u sushi :
Haar gaye tum maan lu kaise life ki badi ladai me
Chod gaye sare kirdaar apne hi parchai me<br/><br/>Naam liya jayega tera kuch aisi anhoni me
Kal hi to dekha tha tujhe shot lagate dhoni me<br/><br/>Yaad aaoge ye kehne wali baat nai
Magar tum aisa kar dogi aisi bhi halaat nai<br/><br/>Kalki si muskaan liye har dard taula karte the
Kaha gaye wo log jo kehte the, cheree bola karte the<br/><br/>Khud se apne hath jab bhi chutta karte hai
Aasmaan ke bade sitare yuh hi toota karte hai<br/><br/>Superb acting, awesome script.
This will always remind me who taught to struggle in life has left his own life The movie had a plot to inspire a person against suicide, showing life at many times can come with failure. One who can anticipate the failure is the real winner. For everyone life has some meaning. One should not be restless if life doesn't show up its good face at a time. Have patience, life will get better. If not today, tomorrow.<br/><br/>Rest in Peace Sushant Singh Rajput. A fan from Nepal. Please go and watch, after so long, this sort of movie is made. Unexpectedly awesome story line, breath taking performance. One of the best movies with great story and best direction and actor are have greatly acted , not done over acting , basically you will love watching the movie . Top notch acting emotions.. Story.. Sports. Beautifully written emotinal.. Bonding friends. Best after 3 idiots. I personally don't like to review movies, but after watching this masterpiece, I just felt I need to speak up about it, the best thing about this movie is that it is simply realistic as far as hostel life is concerned, this was surprising as its from Bollywood. A wonderful movie with very important message for parents as well as students. This movie will take you to your college and hostel days. All actors have played there parts brilliantly. One of the best movie in the year
Emotional and inspiring
🤘🤘🙌🙌🙌🙌 A movie which is over dramatic but yet very realistic....you will lose if you do not try. The movie conveys a very good message and i was tempted to compare it with "jo jita wahi sikandar" and "3 idiots" ....maybe my biased towards those two classics came in between but believe me this movie is closer to today's reality than any other movie. Go and watch, very good story and fantastic comedy Plz must watch this movie...You all rememberd your collage days & I have nooo word for this movie. Go & grab all the fun & love ...thnq Story acting screenplay songs everything perfect...they not used amazing songs given by pritam ..you can listen it in mp3 what a songs also.. this film definitely inspired me because I m also in same condition like losing in life film definitely inspired me... amazing acting by sushanth.. already your fan after mad..shrada proved who is most natural actress in India without makeup she looks like butter ...cute acting they cut her 3full songs as her fan we want it .. direction is another level..all coactors done job..must watch student and family 1ST HALF REPORT
The director Introduces every character..slowly without any hurry.. The main characters like SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUTH AND SHRADDHA KAPOOR are perfectly sketched.. this both act like a divorced couple in the film.. I was mainly surprised by the side characters in the film... they deliver top-notch performance and they act as the main source of entertainment... First half looks like 3 IDIOTS. The college scenes are perfectly picturized and these add a lot of humor into the film.. The dialogues in the film are OUTSTANDING.. THE ONLY CHARACTERS IN THE FILM LEAVING THE SUSHANTH AND SHRADDHA... IS CHARACTERS CALLED AS SEXA AND ACID THERE PERFORMANCE WAS EXCELLENT AND IN SOME SCENES THEY DOMINATED THE MAIN HERO... THEY DISERVE AN BIG ROUND OF APPLAUSE.... Everyone's performance are sketched good.. The film starts slowly with a college hostel scene which was good.. SUSHANTH has done a great job as usual and SHRADDHA also acted great but her character needs to be sketched even more good.. to turn up the film even more great... THE DIRECTOR had done a great job in telling the story... and in most of the scenes we go back to our college days... and remember those sweet memories for sure...
FIRST HALF- 3.5/5<br/><br/>2ND HALF REPORT
The main story gets revealed here in the second half.. and overall it looks like mixture of 3 IDIOTS AND STUDENT OF THE YEAR.. But we can find much more humour in the second half compared to STUDENT OF THE YEAR.. BUT WE CAN'T COMPARE 3 IDIOTS WITH CHHICHORE... Theese both are blockbuster films of all time.. The humour even more increases in this area.. especially the pre-climax and the climax are well written and directed...the credit goes to the director for giving such a good experience.. We'll not feel bored at any part of the film.. this credit goes to the actors for their eye soothing acting performance.. The SCREENPLAY is engaging and Direction is also perfect.. The story was carved out well in the second half compared to the first.. The dialogues were also perfect.. the technical aspects were even more perfect.. But it's the output which we have expected from the director of DANGAL..
FINAL VERDICT- PERSONALLY I LIKED IT A LOT.. AND ENJOYED THE FILM.
2ND HALF-3.0/5
OVERALL MOVIE - 8.0/10.0
DIRECTION - 3.5/5
SCREENPLAY- 3.0/5
ACTING- 3.5/5
DIALOGUE- 3/5
SONGS- 2.5/5 It's a masterpiece with very few obvious flaws. Will definitely remind you of your college days. The best part is that along with excellent dialogues and superb comedy scenes it leaves a lasting (and important) message in the mind of viewers. Not the next 3 idiots, rather the first Chhichhore. Definitely deserves 8/10, however an extra 1 to applaud the efforts of the team for not going overboard mostly. Varun and Sushant are awesome!!! The film is a perfect blend of humor and heart wrenching emotion. It progresses smoothly, combining varying scenarios effortlessly. Good storytelling, relevant message and great acting. Nice movie, a must watch for both parents and students. A film that makes you forget all your worries and takes you back to memorable nostalgic trip of your college days and even effectively delivers a great social message for all generations, is worth celebrating. The movie exceeded all my expectations with a great screenplay, dialogues and an unforgettable performance from all the cast members. I daresay it will enjoy a cult status in days to come.Everyone should watch such movies in theater to encourage filmmakers like nitesh to make more of these. Just like Nitesh Tiwari's other classics, Bareilly ki Barfi and Dangal, Chhichhore also doesn't miss out on giving such a crucial and common social message while making you roll on the floor laughing! With splendid performance by not just the lead actor/actress but all the supporting roles too, and great getovers of the older version of the actors as well as a great transition between the present story and the past and correlating them with each other, this movie, I think, was just the one I was yearning to see since a long time. If I have to describe it in one word, the word would be "beautiful". Sure, it had flaws, but it was a good watch all the same. My only two complaints from the movie would be, one, it was a bit too long, could be trimmed a little (there were times when I felt detached from the story just because it was stretched a little bit too much) and second, it was a bit overdramatic, there were moments I felt didn't need the typical bollywood drama music or focus, or pushed and predictable twists. But overall, this movie is a 4/5. Worth every penny spent! Every jee aspirants should watch this.And if any one has a question like "what is college life" don't ask just go n watch this.. There are times when you just go for a movie without thinking of how it is how it is not.<br/><br/>And you get amazed at how awesome a time you had. This is one of those movies. Fabulous. Must watch with friends. Refreshes the college life all the way the title justifies the movie Life relatable movie and first hostel life based movie in Bollywood I suggest to be a must watch movie Must watch movie, excellent movie , u can watch 4-5 n u won't get bored,
Varum dharma is brilliant. And sushant Singh rajput as always hardworking and other co actors shraddha superb cute and beautiful and Derek mummy acid bevda everyone have there unique character and superb acting One of the best movie in recent years which is light, entertaining, touching, humorous and lots more. These days you cannot expect much from Bollywood. You need to be a weird type of a person to dislike this. Thanks I loved the direction, writing, screenplay. All characters were amazing! I cannot point anything in the movie that was over the top. Kudos to the cast! You will laugh a lot ,you will cry a lot
And you will get a message
What else you want
A complete package It's a must watch . from the beginning till the end it's full of entertainment Awesome combination of fun.. romance.. friendship...comedy...and a very important life lesson in today's world..... Must watch movie The title of the movie may not attract you and the movie may not have looked promising from its trailer....
But Chichore is one of those few films which watch very casually and end up falling in love with.<br/><br/>This year has seen great content driven movies becoming the winners and Chichore is one of them. If Super 30 told you a story of winner against adversities, Chichore tells you that life is much beyond winners and losers...It's more about fighters.<br/><br/>Two stories run in parallel narrating that ordeals of every generation remains same but what matters is that how you deal. We all pass through same phases of life. The movie beautifully underlines the importance of friends in life, how hostel life is important ...Friends which became our life once and today in settled life we don't even know where they r...We don't know the real name of our best friends...This film goes very deep indeed. The film is nopreachy , full of positivity...So much that even the rivals who were pitted against had even positive things to speak at last.
The film scores on every front. Narration and screenplay is apt. Some People were telling that it's combo of 3 idiots and Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar...Which is totally wrong. Few scenes of hostel life may resemble but otherwise totally different aspect of life is dealt.<br/><br/>But what I found the biggest strength of the movie is that there is no one person hero, and baring few like SSR Shradhda and Varun Choocha, all r fresh faces or small time actors seen mainly in TV shows or commercials ...And they deliver big shots. Credit must go to the casting director Mukesh Chhabra for this. The best example of this is character of Bevda, Mess Cook Pandu and Derek. They win ur heart and they r long time actors who got small roles in shows like crime petrol or some ads on TV.
This is a movie which I would recommend every one to watch. There r couple of vulgar dialogues during hostel scenes which may embarrass you watching with family but overall content and message is so good that those dialogues get limited just for their momentary purpose. Highly recommended. This is the best movie of 2019. Don't believe me?go watch it yourself, you will love it.<br/><br/>Not only does it have good comedy, the story too is heart touching. The best part about this movie - it stuck to its theme until the very last scene. Lots of funny one-liners and a few tear-jerkers coupled with good acting. But these don't make a movie complete. It needs a soul. A reason. A well delivered message. Chhichhore has it all. And what a timing - right when India's dream moon-landing plan crashed making us all so sad.<br/><br/>Finally, Bollywood is realizing the importance of editing unlike the yesteryear's movies.<br/><br/>It's just a bit log - the sports part was the weak point to some extent and at times, seemed irrelevant and not gripping enough, but tolerable.<br/><br/>I would recommend everyone to watch this movie as it may change your perspective on life. For the better. One of the best movie in 2k19 great story great direction..... Really a lovely mivie to watch. Sushant was amazing. Absolutely worth watching. Good story..Don't get carried away by title.. Plz go n watch it.. It's worth watching Varun paaji The Choocha did it again.
The title stands for itself. A meaningful movie with complete fun ride. Awesome story, amazing direction, well-placed songs, wonderful acting.
Don't miss it! Best movie on college life, realistic, accurate
Masty full on, a must watch movie Awesome concept , brilliant acting, superb direction, really this movie will grip you till last. It deserve atleast multiple watch......thanks Movie team.... Actually i m bhaijaan fan and haven't rated this much to any other movie except bhai's movies I have rated this movie 10 on 10 awesome story, acting, direction & screening loved the movie full paisa vasool must watch dont want to become spoiler gud luck for the team Varun Sharma, you rock, nicely presented, full entertainment you can watch. But credit goes to Varun and other new actors....... This is a must watch movie and a movie which tells us how to handle failures, it is first time in the history of Indian cinema a movie like this has been made which faces real issues. The problem for kids now a days and how should parents deal with them.
Must watch movie for parents as well as for children :)<br/><br/>Hope this was helpful Hilarious ride throughout.
One of the best movies based on the life of students. Some movies doesn't want any words to explain, This one is one of them. A journey of college life with life lessons must watch for everyone. each and every character live the role they have given. You will enjoy every Bit, Every Second of Movie.. U will die of Laughter and Again your Cheeks will be wet with tear.. Such a Marvelous Script with Awesome Dialogues and Direction, makes this movie, Probably Best movie in recent years.. Great story loved it
I really recommend everyone to watch this movie This is one of the finest, clean, close to reality, laughter ride, type movie. Who has every good thing I loved this movie, everything was perfect. Very entertaining movie and the message was really good. Reminded me of my IIT days! An emotional ride that makes you smile from the bottom of your heart. Nostalgic. AMAZING Movie. Comedy on point, Drama on point. Perfect to watch as many times as u want. MASTERPIECE delivered by the team chhichhore with a perfect cast, script, music and a very good message.great work by all the actors and mainly by Nitesh tiwary. Great nice comedy inspirational movie.not a single minute of boring .fully entertaining Kya movie hai , full paisa vasool, hostel life movie Believe me you will wish god to plezz don't end this movie coz it's that much good....it's like those movie which comes once in a while and make an impact in your heart. It's just awesome! Really good movie. Recall the golden days of college life Loved it..Each characters were fantastic and hats off to the director and editor for providing us such a pleasant movie Movie has fun, comedy, drama, motivation, emotions and everything. This movie touched the sensitive topic," what after we fail?. Is failure same as a being looser?" Must watch for young students who are in a state of high pressure of getting start to their college and at the same time this is nostalgic for grown ups who already finished their college life.
Direction is perfect. Acting is great by all actors. Dialogues are super funny and very well written. I am surprised by the low publicity of the move. Please do watch to encourage the hard work by a talented team. This movie is so well directed and is a laughing riot.. After STREE this one made me laugh a lot.. a true gem and a must watch.. Nitesh Tiwari is a big thing in bollywood now. Very good movie, fun to watch. Quite Entertaining. Loved it!! Awesome movie....must watch.. almost all college students will relate to the movie. A must watch movie, Master piece by Nitesh sir.... Really liked the film, story is true...... And full of humours Just want to say paisa vasul movie.......amazing direction & acting, Nitesh tiwari and the whole srew did a great job. Youngsters should watch and enjoy comedy. My Review:
#Chhichhore is all about success and failures.
It's a beautiful heart touching movie, with characters at their best. I haven't laughed this much in a long time while sitting in a movie theater.
Nowhere movie seemed slow or boring.
A simple story with straight message.
Success is of two types one is the winner and the other is a fighter.
This movie is really inspiring.
Must watch with friends/parent.<br/><br/>#Chhichhore ðŸŽ¬ðŸ‘€ Worth watching this movie. Fully based on yaari...
And hostel life. With good message.
Sports+hostel life+ yaari After a long time I saw a very beautiful movie... Thank you Niten sir for giving us wonderful movie....
#Ilovemyfriend CHHICHHORE is the best movie of this year. Nitesh Sir comes up with this excellent writing and directing it to it's excellence. And Sushant and Shraddha are the two best of the best.Their character lies at their heart Anni and Maya, always be my best two characters. Varun and Naveen are the main Chhichhoras😄😂. Mommy and Bevda, Love. Nitesh Sir Hats Off and Salute.💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥 Fire #Entertainmentofthisyear Everyone acted so well..even the supporting cast was superb..tue writing and direction is superb.
Go for it. One of the funniest movie so far with some sense and realism.I think makes SOTY2 should how to make real collage life movie.Positive aspects of movie are it is too funny and realistic.Bad thing are songs,make lack little conviction but still a very good watch.Definetly recommend to watch with your collages friends. Watch these Chichorraas definitely...... Bringing bundle of nostalgia together! Trust me ! The movie will take you on a joy ride and if you are an emotional person i can gurantee you the ride will be with moist eyes.
The movie is funny emotional and i would say evrybody whosoever watches it will surely live back his college days within hours as a flashback .
10 on 10 for the plot
For the performance and for the direction too ... Wonderful storyteller ... A movie worth watching.. enjoyed each and every seconds of this movie.i got goosebumps in some scenes ....perfect length..amazing acting ... very very entertaining and inspiring Keep your mind free and you will feel the movie. Light comedy and life lesson. Forget the critics just go with your friends and watch it.It will bring a big smile on your face. Majedaar, bindas movie,varun was outstanding , good concept , amd awesome comedy Wo din bhi kya din they..
Funny full of chhichhorapanti ..
All actors perform perfect ..
Go for it .. One u go then will feel so gud nostalgic....love romance comedy drama all package included in this movie...full enjoyed the movie u should go for it. one salute for Director of the movie. Highly recommend must watch. I loved it. High Emotions Strong Message. Best Written and Directed. Excellent performances of Bunch of Talented Actors. #chhichhore👌🏼 Sushant Singh is brilliant... Shraddha is cute Chemistry is Beautiful All Other Characters Are Awesome. Pratik is Surprising Factor. Sexa, Acid, Mummy, Derek, Bevda are Too good. One of the best movie in a decade.🤘🏼 10🌟 Please don't believe the high rated reviews.. Not worth the time. Its quite surprising to see this stupid movie being praised so much by the viewers. But then, this is the same indian crowd which has fetched that crass Housefull movie series a whopping 840 crores.<br/><br/>Chhichhore is an illusory story of a few hairless grown individuals who have seen professional success in their lives but are forever stuck in their admittedly not so great college life. Typical stereotypes such as a sex addict in a college friends group, an angry bird, a reasonable stud and a beauty queen try to carry this directionless movie forward with a SOTY style kabaddi at movie's climax. In the background is the story of an attempted suicide, which is the only slightly meaningful angle condemning students suicide efforted under pressure.<br/><br/>Tacky and unachievable. You'll not like it if you've been to a real college. Otherwise it's a dream come true for the rest of you. This is the kind of feel-good, message-filled cinema that a vast majority of Indians have grown to love. It's cinema in its most easily digestible form - light-hearted, breezy, predictable, and filled with melodrama. When viewed as the second directorial attempt of Nitesh Tiwari, the man behind India's biggest blockbuster 'Dangal', one can only let out an impromptu sigh at the end of this 145-minute long affair.<br/><br/>'Chhichhore', at best, feels like a rehashed '3 Idiots' with a bit of an expanded universe. Unfortunately, it lacks the charm of the latter even when it had much older actors playing the role of college teens. Here too, the lengthy flashback sequences come soaked in nostalgia. What works against the movie is that these fun-filled moments are intercut with the scenario of a young student who is in the hospital in a terrible physical and mental state after having attempted suicide. So, there's a constant switching on and off of emotions.<br/><br/>While there is, of course, a novel idea hidden in there somewhere, it gets lost amid everything else that happens. Nitesh has already proven (with 'Dangal') that he can handle sports sequences well and he doesn't let the viewers down in that department, however predictable they turn out to be. It's surprising to me that the supporting cast (comprising of Varun Sharma, Naveen Polishetty, Tahir Raj Bhasin, and Saharsh Kumar Shukla) has done a much better job here than the lead duo (Sushant, who is usually pretty good, and Shraddha Kapoor, who is yet to impress me acting-wise) and it's their nuances that are comparatively more memorable.<br/><br/>For what it is, 'Chhichhore' doesn't require its viewers to overwork their brains. In essence, it's the equivalent of eating Maggi noodles. It gives you instant energy, but not much beyond. If you can deal with a certain level of cringe-worthy clichés, then 'Chhichhore' could very well up your alley. Looking at the 8+ rating, I realize that our audiences still buy into anything that offers a decent dose of nostalgia, even if it's not the most competently written/made.<br/><br/>Verdict: Throwaway watch! My Rating : 6/10<br/><br/>'Chhichhore' doesn't really belong to 2019, it's soul is roaming somewhere in the 2000's - the storyline, songs, humour all remind me of '3 Idiots'.<br/><br/>A great little comedy-drama for the whole family to enjoy. 'Chhichhore' reminds everyone to stop chasing success and be unafraid of failures as it's not the end of the world - embrace the results and enjoy life! You only live once. I have watched this movie, the acting and the story plot is pathetic and unconvincing. They have just tried to win people's heart by adding some sentiments similar to 3 Idiots. I have wasted my time and money on this crap. Please don't waste your time and money. Absolute crap. Over rated ! I am surprised to see 8.3 stars for this movie. Sushant Singh Rajput acting is too over. Movie script is not so strong. Not impressed with Movie from director who directs Dangal. 1st half is Fantastic with some great hilarious & emotional moments,2nd half screenplay looses grip with nonsensical sports drama which fails to entertain Humour is good. This film makes you laugh.The story is very weak. It is not well written. The director forcibly tries to make you cry but there is nothing in the film story to make you cry. This film could be a lot better if this film focused even lesser on the sentimental element. Just go and enjoy the journey !!
You gonna love it 🍺 Yes.. it does have some flaws.. like the transition between the old "losers" and the present ones.
But if you look at it as a whole.. this movie has a lot of comedy and emotion. My whole theatre was clapping in the end and it certainly deserves the applause.
Really good movie go watch it with your family!!! One of the most brilliant piece of work in recent years,
Reminded me of 3 idiots, Jo Jeeta(¿)wohi Sikandar
I think everyone needs to watch this specially students If "perfect movie" had a definition, it would be this movie. Amazing Direction , Amazing comedy ,you can't hold your laughter for a minute, Comedy with a moral message...one of the rarest movie which gets the standing ovation in theaters This is one of the best in recent bollywood films.Nice story plotting and all characters are good.Must watch and mind blowing movie. Fantastic movie about college after 3 idiots.this movie contains every expect like fun , emotions, thriller the list goes on .every students and adults should watch this movie. Very enjoyable movie. Students and parents should watch this. Full of comedy, get ready for 'hassi se lot pot hone k liye' with very good social message.
###when you have good script and wonderful director then you will get must watch movie.<br/><br/>drawbacks :- very little Sushant Singh acting was not good enough in father's role and not a family movie I feel like I was watching Three Idiots Part II.
Very encouraging for the students and way too much entertainment Its a must watch , with a moral message. Nice movie. A very good message has been given by this movie as not to giveup after faliure because it's simply not the end and not the proper solution to any problem...Coming to the movie it was full of entertainment and essence of nostalgic moments. Just go and watch it guyzz u'll definitely love it . It can't get any better, this movie is definitely a must watch movie, this movie satisfies all the criteria to become a blockbuster. Amazing director and his direction (Nitesh Tiwari), great acting by all the actors, unique story and concept, well written ,a full paisa Vasool film. Very nice movie. It's hilarious, funny, emotional and motivating movie.... After long time watched a good movie must watch movie What a movie. Nitesh Tiwari uh jst killed it.One of the Best movie. Great story with an awesome mixture of comedy I enjoy it very much...... specially shushant singh rajputh i will miss you vai Chhichhore - B+ (Memorable)<br/><br/>Heartwarming story of Friendships and hostel life. First half is 3 idiots and 2nd half is Student of the Year. The back and forth of storytelling from past to present becomes overbearing at times but due to honest performances from all cast it keeps you engaging.<br/><br/>The story is predictable but conveys good message to youngsters to enjoy life as it comes. This movie is a collective approach by so many artist coming together to make a remarkable story and film it with almost sincerity. The screenplay and story telling is perfect. All the actors have done a tremendous work and delivered a beautiful story to us. The direction is outstanding and the music is very beautiful. This will stay forever in the hearts of so many students. The film carries its massage very precisely and laid a good impact on the audience. A crazy script and superb narration. This one is a limiting case of masterpiece, because this movie is actually made for all age people. Ones result cant decide everything in his/her life. After a long bollywood brought college life fun, comedy and lil bit romance nd structured in proper manner. Loved it. Great story line with a simple and nice message for audience This movie is extremely nostalgic to those who were mischievous in their college days. For some it could be a remake of their life. A beautiful movie with a message. Watch it with your kids. The cast is perfect and everyone has done a great job. One of the best college life movies ever made where real hostel life. Loved the every moment of the movie specially how every character has been portrayed on the screen. Its a must watch by every one who wants to relive their hostel days. It's my first review after becoming a member for 5 years in this site anyway. Despite the weakness of the film, I love this Nitesh Tiwari directional. it's full of hilarious moments made us (audience) laught out loud. We will be invited to reminisce into college days like 3 Idiots with different atmosphere and themes, but with almost the same impact. I know, the transition of flashback scene was not seamless. Sometimes, it seemed out of control. But believe me, it'll be still on the right track till the end. The performances of lead cast was also just okay, not that great. It was the supporting cast who looked stunning in this film. But overall, the chemistry between casts was excellent. Go for this one! You will regret if you missed watching this film at nearby cinema! Unfortunately, this one is limited in my country, Indonesia. This movie is THE BEST in it's own! The storyline keeps you glued to the movie throughout. Can watch this movie over and over. THE BEST MOVIE OF SSR.
LOVE YOU SSR. Top Notch Acting, This Movie is Absolute Masterpiece, miss you Sushant Singh Rajput Best movie in world. Great acting and Real Acting Sushant Singh Rajput Complete blend of college life fun and setbacks poured into movie reel.. loved the story and conveyed message.. loved it Sushant Singh Rajput chichore movie is a good for motivation and adaptation of The Fault In Our Stars and cruises along with madness and mirth, before choking us with heartbreak and horror. I know I am late here but the movie is fantastic. I just love this. Full of good content, very well directed, each and every piece of the movie was so well directed. Acting by all actors were superb. Far far better than other related movies on this subject.<br/><br/>Story Line 10/10
Acting 10/10
Direction 10/10<br/><br/>Sushant....You will be missed forever!!
Watch this move with family and pay your tribute to great actor! All the movie, college life, depression, emotional, full, complete package of entertainment The movie has all the elements embedded together along with a message for parents to prepare their children to deal with the failure. Fine performances by SSR, Shradha and others. Bollywood is a junk yard full of trash movies it is hard to find movies like this nowadays the movie is entertaining,emotional and motivating the plot is very beautiful and actors have played their part well and there was no such thing as overacting.The expressions were pretty good and dialogue delivery was on point. This movie is like a teacher who teach us never giveup looser wo hota hai jo khud ko looser samjhe we have to try our best Every part of this movie shows how harami was our friends and make moments memorable shows the reality of colleges and gave a inspirational mindset about not to suicide Chhichhore is an inspirational story narrated in a beautiful manner. Good Acting, Good Direction, perfect blend of all the emotions. A must watch regardless of any language barriers.
It's the most underrated movie of 2019 by the bollywood and unfortunately was not acknowledged. Amazing movie. Brilliant Sushant. In this movie we relate with our real college life. A college romcom story is revealed to their son by the protagonist actor and their college friend when he is trying to commit suicide...a strong message...never quit whatever is the situation... Movie is really very good.
I give 10 star for Sushant but Shraddha Kapoor is as always below average so I give 8* overall. Loved the movie, such a positive vibe about the mvoie This movie deals with the college life and the sports festival around it, it is one of the most realistic represetation of college life in the Indian film industry and the way it connects to the overall story is fabulous, the life lesson you will get through this movie is inspiring<br/><br/>Three things which I liked about this movie
1. Acting: All the actors have done justice to their role and each one of them gave the reality to each character
2. Direction : The director has done fabulous job in storytelling, screenplay & direction
3. Sushant Singh Rajput's Charm: He is the most charming character of the Indian film industry, his contribution towards cinema is superb, he has given his best in each character he depicted in film industry<br/><br/>We will miss you Sushant and it's a request to audience to please watch all of his movies especially byomkesh bakshi and sonchiriya Everybody must watch this movie .. such emotion,motivation,living the life at its best..❤❤❤ Very rarely you come across a film which touches the soul and helps you make peace with your heart and mind. This is one of it. Beautifully captures the turmoils and entanglement of the human emotions , only in the end to prove that human will is the one that supercedes all the forces of the universe. Beautiful act by Sushant. He will always be remembered!! Everyone must watch this movie. It motivates and inspires to all of us. It is full of emotions, superb acting by all characters, plot, characterisation, the use of the three unites, etc. The movie is super, SSR acting is extremely excellent and Innovative. This is one of the best movie made in Bollywood. Acting and songs were great and sushant you are fav. Watch the movie today and made me remember my old college days ...This is a perfect student movie ... not like the artificial student movies of Bollywood , where we have proms in high school , Hollywood version of schooling .. was able relate so many personal strident moment Why I am giving full stars, it's just taking me back to my college days, hostel life, and yes of course, the way it is crafted in the movie. Amazing.
Hats off to all creative heads and team to make it real. Awesome ...never a better way to relive your college days especially being an engineer I could connect with the fun quotient easily. SSRajput stands out.Brilliant. Great movie with great cast, and the best story of the year supposedly. Loved everything about the movie, the chemistry, the friendship, the comic scenes, the climax, how the serious scenes were at times given a casual kind of portrayal. Loved the movie, the best artwork of Sushant and Shraddha Kapoor's career What a brilliant movie! It has all the elements that makes a movie perfect. It makes us laugh throughout and also makes you cry. The message behind this movie is very strong as well. Keeps you on your seat throughout the entirety of this film. A full paisa wasool.<br/><br/>Ps
I would like to sincerely apologise that i was too lazy to write a review or even rate as soon as i finished this movie. I did not realise that our suoport means so much to an actor and whole team of the movie. Though quite late, but sushant's demise made me realise that it is our job as an audience to rate, love, support a brilliant movie and not just big banner movies.
Sushant you left with so many broken hearts. Story is absolutely stunning.. SSR mind blowing performance This movie not only a masterpiece of SSR but also a tribute to all the Engineers out there I just love this movie.. When ever I got time I watch this movie.. life lesson movie.. Sushant Singh Rajput always choose the script which can give a massage to others.. Acting skill is sooo high.. What a movie...!!!?
A lot to learn from this movie...<br/><br/>Enjoyed a lot..<br/><br/>Again Sushant and everyone.....you all are awesome.... It's a beautiful movie with beautiful message and great acting. Nothing to say about this movie...top class acting by Sushant Sing Rajput. Awsome movie...everybody must watch.acting is incredible...Sushant in both role outstanding. Awesome movie. Sushant is best actor. He is very innocent and simple. He is nice human being😘😘❤ It is just an amazing fabulous brilliant movie.
No matter how much I say for the movie it will be less. It is a great excellent movie based on real-life experience. This movie also has some heart touching comedy and memory of everyone life. It also gives us some great advice and idea for travelling in life. 🌟True meaning of life depicted in the most captivating manner. Loved it ❤ This movie is so close to my heart. I learnt something from this movie. I love this movie. I watched Chhichhore 3 times. Relatable with my life.. I have watched it 10 times yet it donot bires me Awesome movie it was love you sushant. You are gem. God bless you wherever you are right now. Reminds of many things left behind. It's a must watch for today's generation. Making sure we will boycott nepotism.
And we will spend time watching real talent.
Bollywood kisi ke baap ka to hai nahi. It's an awesome movie.I just Love This Movie. Everyone Acted Very Well. Sushant, you were the best. What a fantastic film. Miss you, rip dearest sushant. Shine bright in the sky Chhichore is one gem of a film that explores the 'college' life, all while shedding light on several issues like mental health, society's approach to success and failure, and the burden of having a tag stuck on your back.<br/><br/>With a very talented cast, a groovy score, and a refreshing story to tell, this film sure makes you laugh, cry, get a little nostalgic, and call your friends from college, just for old times sake!
Thus, an underrated masterpiece! Man Of Million Hearts
So Relatable..SSR💖 As we love you,so we miss you..In our memories..you are always near I watched this in theatre. Can't express how much I loved the movie.<br/><br/>I still love this movie.<br/><br/>I cried a lot after watching this. Beautiful movie will remind you your college memories, n help you to to learn more n grow more. I have been dealing with depression and anxiety. Recently I have also tried to commit suicide and I survived, after watching this movie, I was in tears, it was so relatable and just an amazing movie. It was like a breath of fresh air. I miss you so much Sushant,we lost you too soon. Chhichhore Movie is my all time Favorite movie. Sushant acting is realistic . Movie shows how looser remove their loser tag for their hostel. And suicide is not the solution to relief your pain, you have to give your effort and one days you definitely will be winner because in world there is nothing impossible. Very good story line and subject is very strong. Every scene has a meaning.Good screenplay. Good performance by Late Sushant Singh Rajput. Good soundtrack. Movies like these needs big thumbs up. I watched the movie after sushant Singh rajput sudden demise and a great movie it was like every girl guy friend a gang in college and school University hostel it was like three idiots part 2 but with a new name chhichore all the actor have worked great Perfect mix of storytelling which empathize with us+ humour+ emotion. A masterpiece by director of Dangal. Must watch with the family. Something that our youth and parents need to understand that failure is not the ending of the world and stop pressuring their kids and supporting them to atleast give their best and need not to worry about failure. Life has crores of things in which one can be good at. So give your best embrace the results and move on. Life has so much for you ahead. Without a second thought go with your complete family to watch it. Looking at the duration, it may look like this movie will take the juice out of you. But no, the movie is very nicely paced and the events and memories of the group are really involving a viewer. And ofcourse the big life lesson for all age groups is the main motive of the movie which is very well placed and explained. Brilliant movie One time watch for the sports lovers. Especially those who have lived in the hostel will enjoy this movie. Excellent movie ,must watch for parents, everyone's performance is awesome,a father should be like Annie(i.e SSR).And friendship should be like this.I had never seen a movie like this and there will be no movie like this ever.Thanks for giving us such a good movie. Contains a great message which is to be known to all. Such a realistic movie. Lot of good things about the movie. Firstly engineering aspects are realistic like less girls how hostels are last minute stuff etc. Second a good message in the end. And decent comedy and punches in between A movie which provided huge entertainment with a life changing message. Those who all are passing the juvenile period it's a must watch for them. For others it can be a fabulous flashback like me. I saw it online after the sad demise of Sushant Singh Rajput and what a movie it was.. so heart wrenching and heart touching. Great acting. Great story line and brilliant dialogues.
Must watch for sure If you ever wondered when would Bollywood make another great movie like 3 idiots, this is it but greater! It is a masterpiece in that sense cause you have such a great storyline, songs and characters which keeps you stick to the screen keeping you in suspense and same excitement till the end.<br/><br/>I love the colours of this movie which is not so bright but natural, Sushant does an excellent job as always and the make up artist is commendable for how he/she made the olderself of each character look 👌🏼 I have never seen such perfectly detailed makeup for so many characters in a single movie. Not just the main character but all artists in this movie ate doing a top notch job which makes this a great movie.<br/><br/>Humour and emotional aspect of this movie is the cherry on top! You will learn about, how people always think about result and we know, we can not make a our won result but giving your complete affort in your hand. Next level of 3 idiots.. must watch.. best actor Sushant Singh Rajput best than star kids..bicots nepotism..I don't watch any movie of khan, Kapoor and star kids Full was incredible. Base is strong. Sushant, Varun nailed it. Well scripted, well executed. one of the best movies i've watched recently. a must watch The film has a good message,& the making was superb.Acting of both Shushant,Shraddha & whole team was marvellous. Full of heartwarming moments. All the actors did a great job! Few movies are made which convey a message along with so many other things and this movie is one of them. A movie we can say about:
All in one
<ul><li>comedy</li><li>emotions</li><li>brilliant acting</li><li>excellent story</li><li>college reminders</li></ul>Must to watch movie. The real acters acted in this movie specially *Sushant singh Rajput* please must watch this movie...& Rate this movie For those who are staying at hostel can really feel the movie 100% ...and it's a very Good movie... and it gives great message as like in 3 idiots...loved it I have watched earlier but I am Rating now.. It will show you the realities of society on how children are pressurised to secure a top rank in premium institutes. The peer pressure, family pressure etc. which puts them into lots of stress. This is open our eyes to such facts !! The movie is very inspirational. It explain about the life how every thing is not straight there are up and down you will feel inspired as well as bring smile on your face. The direction is too good will depiction of college life. That we all miss. Full on entertainment with kids of humor and emotions. It is also blended in with a good message. Everyone must watch.. can be related with real life...1 of the awesome & entertaining movie ever watch.just loved it The of the best movies ever watched. Totally Relatable to real college life. Every1 must watch .I loved #sexa character the most 😅 One of best movie I've watched recently . Guys you much story is amazing & superb acting . This is really a fresh one on the plate. Teaches so beautifully that Life is just not dependent on the marks that are received on papers. There are lot many ways to provide a direction to life. Not just the teen who was fighting for his life was eager to get to the end of Parents Nostalgia, but i being the spectator was on the edge too. Plot was predictable but the climax had everything covered in a single shot. Also, wondering why they all seem to be running in their late 60s-70s. Looking at the kid, don't think the depiction should be so old, but can understand, if drastic changes are not made then there will be no difference with their flashback. All characters got something special in them. Varun got a great timing there. Sushants emotions can be really felt and Prateik made his part so captivating. Kabaddi part was kickass. All in all, a great entertainer with a life saving message. Awesome storyline...wow wow... The movie carries a message 'Failure is not the end' that appeals to the audience. Hope, the viewers take it that way and not as 'Marks and Results are not important'. I have never seen such a good make up in recent times that has convincingly portrayed aging. Kudos to that!! And, also all characters in the movie are given good importance and is not a stereotypical Bollywood drama where everyone goes around the hero. The climax though predictable has been presented very well!! A movie review of Chhichhore starrer Shushant Singh Rajput and Shraddha Kapoor. A movie based on college life , friendship and most importantly academic anxiety and stigmas attached to it.
Aniruddh "Anni" Pathak lives with his son Raghav who is awaiting his JEE results. Raghav Is under intense pressure. He finds out that he failed his exams and, afraid of being called a "loser", he jumps off the balcony. Aniruddh then calls his friends- Sexa, Acid, Derek, Mummy, Bewda to show raghav that they were once losers. This is a coming age comedy drama film . This movie is very relatable to all generations of audiences. This film is literally all in its writing and at the same time the performers collectively shine. This movie is all about how college was... And how simple life was. How even little things made us very happy. This film is purely reserved for carefree college and hostel days. It is a bittersweet ,heart warming Dramedy . I know - nostalgia's an exaggeration and all that. But this is the kind of writing/film that genuinely makes you want to relive - in this case, go back to college. Great movie with a great story and message. Funny, Touching and very Relatable. It's a blockbuster. One of the best movie who give motivation to failure Chhichhore
Director - Nitesh Tiwari
Cast - Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor, Varun Sharma, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Prateik Babbar, Naveen Polishetty, Tushar Pandey<br/><br/>An ode to college-time friendships, romances, ragging, fights, competitions and countless memories, Chhichhore is a riot of emotions, and takes you on a nostalgic ride. It's a relevant film with a rather important message conveyed through an engaging narrative. Directed by Nitesh Tiwari of Dangal fame, Chhichhore is high on content and humour packaged so well that it stays with you for a very long time.<br/><br/>The story is simple - a bunch of engineering students and their journey from being losers to choosers. Sushant Singh Rajput (Annirudh) and Shraddha Kapoor (Maya) play a divorced couple, and they have a reunion of sorts with their college buddies, though in rather unwanted circumstances. Together, they recall and relive their old college memories, the good and bad days spent almost 20 years ago. The screenplay takes a trip down memory lane through college hostels, sports grounds and canteen conversations; switch to present day and you see the same camaraderie in their friendship that was forged in college.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>Brilliant writing loaded with comic punches, one-liners and genuinely funny jokes makes Chhichhore a winner. Full credit to the writers for ensuring that the humour is not even remotely slapstick. For instance, when Varun Sharma's character compares spotting a girl in an engineering college to Halley's Comet that is visible every 75 years, it isn't demeaning women but proof of clever writing. Keeping the storytelling simple, Nitesh made an intelligent move to weave flashback sequences into the present day, and keep audiences attentive. Though mostly predictable, the build-up towards the climax manages to look intriguing.<br/><br/>Among the cast, you see Varun Sharma (Sexa), Tahir Raj Bhasin (Derek), Naveen Polishetty (ACID), Tushar Pandey (Mummy) and Saharsh Shukla (Bevda) aptly fitting in their respective parts and doing full justice to their screen-time. The way each character is introduced in the film with minute detailing and individual traits, it makes you sit up and take notice.<br/><br/>
There are performances that stand out without screaming from the rooftops. From playing Chucha in Fukrey to Sexa in this film, Varun nails it with an impressive performance, yet again. So comfortable with his body and style of dialogue delivery, he knows when and how to throw his weight around, quite literally. Sushant looks good as a young college student but in his '40s, he is rather unconvincing and a misfit. Shraddha's character, it seems, has been written with least amount of interest. Although her screen presence is felt each time she's in the frame, she hardly gets any dialogues and you ask yourself 'was she even needed in the film'? Even the chemistry between Sushant and Shraddha is unconvincing and their scenes together flirting or comforting each other look rather juvenile. Prateik Babbar, who delivered an intense performance as the popular guy and a baddie in college, could have been given a little more screen time.<br/><br/>
There is an extensive use of prosthetic makeup to show the characters ageing onscreen. While some are shown going half-bald, others decide to grow their tresses. There's one guy with an American accent too -- he has stayed in New York for 20 years, after all. However, in Shraddha Kapoor's case, the only transition that shows her going from her 20s to 40s is midi-dresses turning into cotton suits and saris. Sadly, so little imagination there!<br/><br/>Thankfully, Pritam's music and background score by Sameer Uddin does not sound forced at any point and beautifully blends with the narrative. The song Fikar Not in the end credits is a refreshing change from the high-pitched item songs or over dramatized romantic numbers and is brilliantly choreographed.<br/><br/>
A must-watch with your college friends, Chhichhore is relatable and relevant. Watch it for its uncomplicated screenplay, gripping narrative and some stellar performances that leave you in stitches Chhichore is a comedy drama movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari and stars Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor, Varun Sharma, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Prateik Babbar, Naveen Polishetty, Tushar Pandey, Saharsh Kumar Shukla and Mohammad Samad in the leads.<br/><br/>The movie should be called another masterpiece by the director after his previous blockbuster 'Dangal'.<br/><br/>The plot of the movie is not fresh or new but the way director has came up with the movie is unique and fantastic.<br/><br/>Sushant Singh Rajput is gem when it comes to acting and he left no stone unturned with his tremendous talent. Shraddha Kapoor can act and this is probably her one of the finest work after leaving her mark in 'Stree'. Varun Sharma is doing almost the same characters but we must say that he doesn't repeats his act and always do justice with his job, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Naveen Polishetty with other characters were also impressive. Prateik Babbar proved that he has immense talent like his mother and need some good movies to get on right track.<br/><br/>Screenplay in the first half was great and engaging, it gets slow in second half but will neither disappoint you nor bores youas there is a message to be delivered and the message is delivered beautifully. Background music is good and supports the scenes perfectly. Songs are good.<br/><br/>The best part of the movie is that the director had tried to keep the movie as original as he can and he had succeeded in it. He has shown the collage and hostel life with utmost realism, there are some very few scenes that can look dramatic but we have to give this much freedom to the director after all he is making a commercial movie.<br/><br/>Overall one of the best Bollywood movies I've seen in recent times and a must watch to get a good message with a seasoning of comedy. This was the best movie that I have watched after 3idiots and super30 because this movie not just make you laugh so much like 3idiot it also teach you life lessons or I can say quota that will help you in your student life, career life and in your whole life that how to be positive, passionate, happy. Even though the two movies (3idiots and Chhichhore)are so different. One of the best things that I like about this movie is that there are no scenes that I feel to skip. Because I couldn't find anything extra or so-called "Bollywood masala" or item dance that makes all movies the same or similar to one another and this is why I think this movie is different than most of the Bollywood movies today. Because this movie doesn't contain anything like that. I want to say thanks to the director of this film Nitesh Tiwari for making this movie with such a great story. One last thing that I would like to say is all the characters of this movie have done an amazing job specially Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor. Also, how can I forget about the hilarious character Gurmeet roled by Varun Sharma. He is amazing. If someone asks me that "which Bollywood movie should I watch at this time of quarantine?". My first recommendation will be "Chhichhore", especially for students. Great film, very good narrative. Simple plot which will make you remember your good old days and will bring back your smile. Simply awesome movie, if you complete hostel Life then definitely dis movie will touch yours heart, not only for hostel stundents , it is heart touched to everyone. Directed by: Nitesh Tiwari after his masterpiece Dangal<br/><br/>Starring: It is my pleasure to mention everyone. Here we start- Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor, Varun Sharma, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Naveen Polishetty, Tushar Pandey, Saharsh Kumar Shukla<br/><br/>What's good: Everything. From the very first shot till the name Nitesh Tiwari appear after the last shot, everything was good.<br/><br/>What's bad: It targets only a 95% audience. Trust me there will be still 5% who don't like such types of movies because of zero spicy elements.<br/><br/>Pause Break: Pause? You are watching one of the finest movies of 2019<br/><br/>Watch it or not: Such movies are the backbone of the Bollywood industry. Must watch and pass your regards if you miss in theater<br/><br/>Final Verdict: Nitesh Tiwari's another huge step after much appreciated Dangal hit on bull's eye. Wonderful script, More than perfect casting and performances demanding a spot in the viewer's heart. The way of conveying emotions and cent percent convincing portrayal of characters in their younger and older looks make Chhichhore stand out. This is not 3 Idiots. This is not Student of the Year. This is one and only Chhichhore.<br/><br/>You can watch this movie now on Hotstar I didn't have a lot of expectations from this film, mainly because of the lack of a star-studded cast, and also because I didn't see a lot of promotion. But I heard great buzz at the time of its release and that made me want to watch the film. However, it took me some time to get to it. I knew the crux of the film and that ideology also made me eager to watch it. I think I watched this at a time when I could appreciate it the most, and that's why I am very glad I waited for it.<br/><br/>The story itself was emotional, but the cast, especially the supporting cast were phenomenal in their respective roles. The leading cast was good, but it was the supporting cast that stole the show for me. Some characters, especially, became the heart of the film. So much so that it became impossible to separate them from the rest of the film. One can't help but root for the characters from the H4 hostel at NCT.<br/><br/>The acting, as I mentioned, was top notch. Sushant and Shraddha were good, but I especially loved Tahir Raj Bhasin and Naveen Polishetty. They did full justice to their characters and I couldn't take my eyes off of them whenever they came along. Varun Sharma and Tushar Pandey were also incredibly entertaining, and I also loved the character of the young boy in the midst of it all.<br/><br/>The direction was good, although I did feel that the movie was a little choppy at times. The flashback scenes were a little jarring, and I wish the transition could be made more seamless. But, the emotions, the nostalgia that this film brings forth to the viewers more than makes up for it.<br/><br/>The message that the film wants to bring to the viewer is a great one. Something that we must all remember and put to heart. I loved this one! One of the best movies I have watched 😍😍😍😍
All the actors have done realistic acting. A film that you can watch without any laziness. The Three Idiots are like that Chhichhore is a hilarious entertainer with a perfect blend of humor and heart wrenching emotions. It's a story about a group of friends who decided to savour life's little moments. It is well structured, but it takes its time to gain momentum. It is the sort of film that we can all add to, with our own versions of the same story. It has amazing plot that aids the humour well, wherein the flashbacks unfold like a nostalgic trip. It provides a message subtly without being preachy and progresses smoothly, combining various scenarios effortlessly. The heart and soul of this film is purely reserved for the carefree college days.
✝😎✝ Very good direction, acting by all, except Shradha Kapoor who forgot to emote. One of the best film with its story, plot, acting, direction and nostalgic aspect. A movie with shouting message of how to deal with failure, how to love and enjoy the moment of your life, and how not to worry about the future if one fails.
"We have plans ready for what happens after one succeeds. But if by chance one fails, we are not equipping them to deal with failure and no one wants to talk about that." This is My best movie in my life. Great movie 👍👍👍 Go for it if you have studied in college or University to refresh the memories. Sushant and Shraddha excels with great performances. Great music, good humor, Nicely written screenplay adds up to this feel good movie. Nitesh Tiwari proves his mettle again. 6 idiots is sounds good more than chhichhore. and its also more hit in this name 6 idiots. dont mind its just my opinion Beautiful movie with very important message. Best of this year. Same vibes as 3-idiots. Story line and acting of all character is damm good. Simply loved it. It was a really fun movie, enjoyed it more than i expected.Has a really generic and predictable plot but the treatment is really good.More than the lead actors, the supporting actors were great.Acid, Mummy, Bevda, Sexa etc were fun characters.Only big problem was makeup of the present.Nitesh Tiwari directed an enjoyable film.The message was also clear by the end of the movie.Sushant's monologue about failure and success was really good.Though the sports portion feels stretched.Overall it's an easy to enjoy film, one won't regret watching it Nitesh Tiwari's Chhichhore (Loafers), although looks and is like old wine in a new bottle, is like a breath of fresh air in Hindi cinema not because it makes you laugh and takes you back to the good old college days but because it has been written with the social responsibility of teaching today's generation that life goes on. TN. I'm totally speechless when I'm asked how good this movie is. Never seen anything like before. It has become one of the greatest movies of all time to me. This movie is the sad reality of current all science students. All the actors were flawless and finest. Simply superb. The movie is packed similar to '3 Idiots' and generates a lot of fun. Even though 'Chhichhore' can't match '3 Idiots', still delivers absolute fun. A very good movie in the recent times. Must watch. Jfjmzskkskskkskx...goog...good.....really i like that movie..... So real, unusual and mind blowing plot, with such a simple story, supported by excellent acting. High five to the writer who could imagine of bringing such a fantastic entertainment.. This movie depicts our story with an unexpected ending. Simple yet heart touching. Inspiring, Comedy, showcasing Reality, Good acting and script, balanced and engaging. It must have to be top 5 movies of 2019. One must see this movie it has everything you need in a good entertaining movie. Good work from Nitesh Tiwari and team. It is a good movie with a good message. A bit slow in the middle. This Movie Learn Us an Important Matter Of Our Life that If We Try Our Best to Achieve Something and We Failed, Then We Are Not Loser. We Are a Fighter Haven't seen such a great Bollywood movie from long time . Its somewhat closer to 3 idiots however with a completely different screenplay and message . What a wonderful wonderful piece of movie. Scripting, screenplay was just brilliant. Each and every one had acted really really well.This is probably Sushant's and Shraddha's career best movie. Fresh and appreciatable,connetable to hearts.............. This movie was simply awesome. It addressed on of the things faced in our youth society today (failure)..and was brilliantly acted. I was glued to my screen from start to finish. Major lesson learnt that failure, one failure does not mean the end of the world neither does it mean you have failed in life. This movies is a must watch Must watch film . It will make you feel happy . Thinks about your college days . It motivates. The characters you could enjoy . Especially 'sexa'. What a refreshing movie! It delivers a very positive message in a light-hearted manner that everyone needs to understand. Must Watch movie with friends, filled with comedy and emotions.. Great entertainment.. Took me to my college days memories...!!! Watch this film with friends trust me the bond between you guys will become more stronger.
It will teach you many life lessons with great entertainment. it's a must watch One of the good movie in this year.
About family and friendship...
How to be a good parent...
How to be a good person...
You can find that answer in this movie... Saw chhinchore today. Just awasome. Hats off to the director for recreating hostel life memories. 10 out of 10 Watchted a Good inspired emotional comedy hindi movie after long time..everyone very well Acted..one of the best recent years Awsome movies,nitesh Done it Again after Dangal,,,please dont miss it Classic in its own. Very nicely delivered a great message.
Loved the movie and fine acting by pretty much everyone, though Shushant could have done a better job at acting. Have we missed the scenery along the way as we walked quickly? The meaning of life does not come from what is right or wrong. If you think about it, Loser's life may be happier, because all troubles can be solved with money. There is no need to turn yourself into a slave of desire. You have experienced hard work and obtained it, that is, mean you do not waste your life. I liked the fact that the flim tried to separate from typical bollywood flavour but eventually its a bollywood flim so they failed in some cases. I hated that they spoiled the end result. However its a great flim and has a great messege. The movie actually had 2 ends and as not expected it was so nice to see that one of the ends was not what the people might have expected. And the other end had to be somewhat to be obvious, because if both the ends were what we expected and what we did not at a same time, then there would have been something disappointment in life as well as in the movie. The movie is a good example for Its okay to fail! It's a must watch for everyone. Especially the hostel part. Excellent movie by Nitish Tiwari with a lovely message. It's about a group of hostel mates at an engineering college who are considered loosers in every aspect till the time they decide to take the matters in their own hand to try and win the inter hostel sports championship.
While the flashback to the college life is really fun to watch, i felt too much time was spent to create the context under which the friends come together after so many years and to deliver the message of the film. The relationships, specially between Sushant and shraddha's character didn't really come out well. Infact, we could have done well even without shraddha's character.
The movie has great humor and packs some good emotional scenes. One of the Best movies from Bollywood.
Awesomely directed, screenplay and all actors lived their role. Great performances. Great music.
Movie will make you laugh, motivate, learn and emotional. Basically, it touches your heart. Must watch. Never miss!! Excellent movie. Like 3 idiot.<br/><br/>I didn't watch in threature because I thought it will be a cheap comedy movie like mastizade etc. Now this is something you call a heartwarming movie . This is the most realistic representation of college life and even life after college i saw after 3 idiots. College life is not what karan johar showed in soty series . Its not fancy clothes , friends' siblings wedding , love triangles and competetions between rich and poor . College life is what you will see in this , its to find a family in hostle just in 2 months , competition to make a name and friendship and support . Life is not result but our honest attempts . I literally got tears in my eyes , i got laughter therapy too and lessons . Its not usual stuff . Now this kind of movies should represent college in bollywood . Nothing to say.all over awesome story and very good Beggining and Ending! Movie is gripping, emotional and comic and a perfect entertainer.Performances are awesome music is OK,emotional scenes are spectacular❤.Just loved it. Never seen a movie like this in my entire life. This movie just tells, you always do not need to be first in life. you have got to try something out even without knowing the circumstance. I am also a resident student.my institution also has such Sports.we compete it between hostels.i can feel the movie better than anyon. This was the best movie in my life.the general people cant feel it as much as the hostel resident students This could have been a really good movirle, if the actors would have done justice to their roles. Specially the lead actors sushant and Shraddha, big disappointment. STORY LINE was good, athough not original.
If you have spent your time in hostel you will enjoy the bits and pieces but this one is not in the same league of 3 Idiots. If it wasn't for the makeup artist making the actors look bad when they get old, the movie would have been bearable and probably a hit. One of the best movies in the recent times! Although there are shades of 3 idiots, I believe this movie stands on it's own... spectacular performances by all cast & kudos to the director for an outstanding story telling! The cast is a bit more advanced than the first one but it is a bit more advanced than the first one but it is a bit more advanced than the You know when there are some movies released once in 5-6 years that completely changes your views? This is the movie!<br/><br/>This movie gave a very strong message. I am not going to spoil it but please do watch it. And the most amazing thing is that though this movie had Sushant Singh Rajput, who is a very good actor, his acting didn't shine much in this movie. Because everyone else was shining as brightly as him! Everyone acted brilliantly! After a long time a bollywood movie made me cry and smile of happiness together, after watching the movie i came out with a huge smile. Awesome movie. It contains some double meaning jokes and little explicit language at the first half but believe me it's a full patakha package. Go for it. Well done makers ! Thumbs up for you ! It's fun! It's Nostalgic! Yup covers the moral part too
I loved acting of supporting cast more than the main cast.<br/><br/>Kudos to Sexa! You cannot give it less than 10 if you are one of the above, or both.... I lived my college life through this film, just like everyone else... This film was a sure shot winner from the moment Mr Nitin Tiwari thought about it. Firstly, it has the college days nostalgia factor. So everyone aged 35 plus is hooked. Secondly, the sports angle. The younger crowd is in. Finally, family emotional angle is thrown in like an icing on the cake.<br/><br/>But let's be fair, the story is gripping enough and the pacing is good. Acting wise no real stinkers. The editing was irritating cutting constantly between the two time periods but we'll let it go.<br/><br/>So this is the new avatar of masala Bollywood film. Low budget and very effective. This movie makes me cry so many time.... This is such a awesome movie i ever have seen.. Very much like life related... And so cute narrated.... Awesome acting of all the star.... Nice it is.. I can say many things but... Just ending here....So go and watch.. The college days life fun makes this film a total entertainment with a good message delivery to all students and parents When I think about our generation, the millennials and then look at today's generation, I find a huge difference! The way this generation is dealing with success or a failure is way different than what we had. The anxiety, stress, social enigma are increasing and forcing us to live an artificial lives!
Incindently the directors of this movie thought of threading these thoughts together and create this masterpiece. This is a great great movie! And I don't understand why such movies are not made often and watched by people.
May be we all know the reason.. May be we all living an artificial lives! Well written movie!Got some 3 idiots vibes,well put!A must watch Good story line and message
Students must watch this movie A great mixture of good story humour twist and true friendship and one good message . Loved it Movie is worth watching, good mixture of comedy, emotions, friendship Really this movie is amazing packed of emotion and comedy sometimes the losers are winners in life Casting 10/10
Perfomance 10/10
Narrative 10/10
Script 10/10<br/><br/>There is absolutely nothing bad about this movie. Except the doctor. He was very depressing. But the whole cast has generated positive energy on the screen. Loved the movie. Movie is all about how one should move on in life despite of harsh consequences. It also tells the importance of good old friends, that may be out of touch, but when need arises, will stand like a wall in your support.<br/><br/>Its a movie, one can watch more than once, Go for it! Chhichhore deserves more. My buddies suggested me to watch, and after watching, I'm really satisfied!
You'll find a very STRONG MESSAGE in the movie! Although there were a lot of miraculous things but it doesn't matter. 'cause the movie achieved the goal they had. A f__ing STRONG MESSAGE!
Rather I don't give spoiler, please watch the movie. Trust me, you will learn something new! Here is the list of reasons why you shouldn't watch Chhichhore :<br/><br/>1. The name itself
2. Movie is slightly ahead of its time in India and parents & teens can't yet watch it together
3. The boys locker humour is a bit more for a prudish mind<br/><br/>But if there is a reason to watch Chichhore is its an awesome movie and ticks right on so many points:<br/><br/>Relevant message ✅
Humour ✅
Emotions ka bhel poori ✅ with the right theekha and meetha chutney
Slick presentation ✅
Awesome representation of characters ✅
Eye for detail ✅<br/><br/>The movie is autobiographical for any engineer, anyone who has stayed in hostel, anyone who has sweated for a target ever in life, and thus for everyone.
_Just hope someday the production house of SOTY sit and watch this and get their content closer to reality._<br/><br/>Each character was to the T be it the endeared Sexa, the autological Bevda, the elusive Maya, mouthful of Acid (actor himself a pass-out of NIT, Bhopal more popularly known as MACT), Vedant (a character who doesn't come on the screen even and is spoken only for a second) ..... and many more. The greatness of any movie are the character actors.
Sholay is a classic not because of Jai-Veeru but because of Angrezo ke jailer, Soorma Bhopali, kid Ali, Dhanno, Kalia and others.<br/><br/>There were many instances wherein Chichhore could have slipped; getting into the Ani-Maya track, changing the climax and many others that I avoid speaking off to avoid Spoilers....<br/><br/>But the beautiful story telling done by the Team succeeds brilliantly. Hats off to them.<br/><br/>As a viewer, suggest you watch the movie after taking care of the prude part 😂😂😂 Superb Movie.its gonna do more business if there is a good cast like amir or salman khan...movies like these give good boost to bollywood industry. This will be touches every youngest people's hearts to his success failures and every situation on his life.It is such a inspiration of every failures. Awesome movie guys ...... Go for it once.... A complete package of comedy, humor, motivation, emotions, romance ....... Featuring Sushant Singh Rajput & Shraddha Kapoor in the lead, Nitesh Tiwari's "Chhichhore" is an unique journey down nostalgic-lane, that doesn't necessarily revolves around the leads.<br/><br/>With a simple storyline carrying a very serious message for any of the aspiring students and their parents alike, what made the film so significantly different is its unique form storytelling, while keeping its quirky tone intact. Consisting a both extremely peculiar and low-key foreseeable happy ending alike, the two and a half hour film definitely succeeded to satisfy me nevertheless & for that, Nitesh Tiwari undoubtedly deserves appreciation.<br/><br/>But without the magnificent performances of many layers from the wonderful and vast cast of Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor, Varun Sharma, Tahir Raj Bhasin & others, would the film have been as good? The doubt's level is high. On the other hand, how they were handled and portrayed was something not in their control but to add to the film's significance and style of storytelling, whatever opportunity they recieved to shine were recieved with both hands. From comedic, to portray the typical college life as you'd expect, to being serious, to showcase parenthood and job-life, at times; it palpably was one tough job for the actors, even with the company of a very simple yet nifty dialogue writing. As characters, their chemistry was heartwarming and relatable for anyone but what stood out the most was the love-story of Anirudh (Sushant Singh Rajput) & Maya (Shraddha Kapoor). But at the same time, I could've appreciated the on-screen relationship even more had the reason behind the development of bitterness between the two been clarified properly. As neatly as everything else were taken care of, I certainly expected lack of Nitesh Tiwari's bad habit of neglecting certain points.<br/><br/>Coming to the technical aspects of the film, music department undoubtedly was my favourite one even though it held close to zero significance in the film other than giving it a kickstart. Pritam, as you'd expect, has done one very good job in understanding the tone and making music upon it. The film lacked one single bad song & how they were played, too, was one intelligent decision by Nitesh Tiwari. Accompanied by a good cinematography, which captured the essence of college life and afterwards so practically & great editing alike, the film was always meant to be one handcrafted-like product.<br/><br/>Overall, a lighthearted take on a crucial modern day issue, "Chhichhore" is truly one genuinely practical fest with slight bit of cinematic drama, handcrafted by Nitesh Tiwari with the utmost care. A film, that has zero chance of "failing" to win one's heart and carries a significant message, which needs to be taken very seriously in the era we're standing in. What a gripping storyline...it's full of cities,talies & also emotions...The college life,the friendship well portrayed by Nitish Tiwari,the Director.Varun Sharma, Sushant Rajput, Sharadha Kapoor are very good...it's like sequel of the Classic film 3 idiots ❤...a memorable movie overall After 3 Idiots i am damn sure this is the only movie which impact me and made me to think bollywood is everlasting with such a great script which has a social message about life is more important than anything success or failure is the part of life just keep trying and enjoy life.This movie has a key elements like humour,emotions and social message where audience will adapt it in their daily life and may have a huge towards youth and parents. After 3 idiots, Chhichhorre comes with an amazing message + out standing humor based upon college life. I really liked this movie via HotStar watch.
Something unique and very entertaining, masterpeice of the year I should say.
and SEXA steals the shows lol, he is an amazing actor :<br/><br/>Very good watch, will continue to watch atleast twice-thrice again ;) The whole plot can be predicted at the beginning of the film.
The story was good but the comedy in the film acted like fuel to fire.
Feels like movie lost itself in some parts of the story. What makes this film one of the best films of 2019.
1.Story
2.Direction
3.Performance of each actor
4.Bonding among the characters
5. Background score. One of the best movies of 2019 for me. Hilarious, emotional, entertaining and lovely to watch. The actors were superb. Must watch. I must say after a long time I watched a movie which is complete entertainment package with a beautiful message. This is one of the best film i have ever seen.... great storyline... its an inspiration and motivation for the youngsters...... great moral to tell... film is comedy, emotional... One of the best movie of my life. It will stay with you and that's the biggest achievement of this movie and the casting is so amazing that you can't ignore anyone. Guys, I literally cried after watching this beautiful film. I can so relate it to my life. I am an engineering dropout and completed my education with another stream with a distance degree program. I just can't clear my exams and finally decided to quit it after wasting 6 precious years of my life. Earlier whenever I used to see other batch mates who successfully completed their engineering degrees, I felt like looser everytime. That feeling Completely broke me from inside. But after this movie I got an important lesson of life which is be a Fighter rather than worrying about the outcome. Now, I will definitely fight to be a successful without giving damn of winning or loosing. A must watch for all the young generation and for parents too. More than anything else, this movie has delivered such a lovely moral message in subtlety that it's ok to loose! A message to all those who think life comes to an end if you loose. Life does not have to end if you don't meet expectations. Life does not have to end if you have let down. It's important to stay alive and let good things come in time. In love with the writer and director for making such a beautiful movie and reach masses with a right message. One of the best movie in recent time. It teaches us value of life and living it without worrying about failure. Give your best and fight like a fighter. One of the best feel good movie i had watched till date.Superb acting and direction I enjoyed it a lot but I felt that something was missing in the climax I don't know what was that. But overall movie is entertaining and inspirational. At least every student should watch this once. Just want to say that have watched another 3 idiots like movie. The choice was between rating this film 9 or 10...nothing lower. Watch it and you will know why!<br/><br/>At times a bit over the top as Hindi movies go...at times a bit stupid. But overall simply brilliant script, storyline and acting! Sushant Singh Rajput in the dad's role is simply too good...better than his younger avatar! Shradha Kapur is average. The rest of the cast was superb! Love the story. It had its moments when it really tugs at your heart strings. Good comic moments too. So, finally decided the film deserves a perfect 10! This movie is one of the best movie which will be feature in some of list of best movies of 2019. everything is just superb. watch it if you want to relive your old college days or if you are going to college this movie will teach you so many things about success and failure Can be the best of 2019..contains Social message also.. One of the best campus movie flick in our times..It can easily be this year's one of the best film..Nitesh tiwari does it again after Dangal.. kudos to the director.. Every actors are undoubtedly done their best. Wish more movies like this could be produced in India.. Highly recommended.. The Best movie I have seen....what a direction.. screenplay.... characters....just wow.... The film fully rests on what the public demands. Comedy, emotions, story contents are perfectly balanced. A must watch film for especially the new generation. Very good movie. You won't feel bored for a single minute. Story line is very good and also delivers a good message . This is perhaps one of the most funniest yet moving movie in recent times. The acting by all the actors complements the brilliant writing and direction. Some of the moments are simply mind blowing, thanks to the chemistry between the male actors, especially Sushant, Tahir and Varun. At the same time, it shows how the pressure if studies can hamper our life. For all grown ups, go watch it with your college pals to get back all those memories! As a middle-aged man amidst a personal crisis, calls on his long moved-on college friends, he also invites the memories he didn't even remember he forgot. As they together recollect with the flashbacks to the era of the early 90s when they all were a bunch of simple-looking individuals coming together in an engineering college, where their lives became so entwined within the micro-universe called "hostel - college". Therefore, all felt better together except for the tag of "losers". Thus, united, our losers begin on a journey with past and present juxtaposed to fight against all odds to absolve themselves off a tag and to gain beyond the downward psychology of failure.<br/><br/>To encapsulate the stupidest idiosyncrasies, the utter nonsense of life and fantasy combined that only a privileged few are aware of - is perhaps the simplest way to describe "Chhichhore". Like that glorious song by the Rembrandts, "...even at my worst, I'm best with you", those imperfections that seem to others are the joy of real-bonding between some people, which could come out to be more profound than love and family - viz. "friendship".<br/><br/>Director Nitesh Tiwari with writers Nikhil Mehrotra and Piyush Gupta ("Chillar Party", "Dangal") recreate some impeccable characterizations and precise dialogues (& slangs) for the most relatable of sensible and ludicrous. It's not rare, but certainly occasional, that the trip to a cinema theatre combines sentiments, laughter, romance, sadness and joy.<br/><br/>Here the songs by Amitabh Bhattacharya have got it more right than Pritam's music. This film has one thing right till the end - the exceptional casting. Right from the college staffs, to the leads are fitting but esp. are its supporting actors. Varun Sharma ("Fukrey") as the mischief addicted guy, Naveen Polishetty ("24") the spit-fire foul-tongue, Tushar Pandey ("Pink") the geeky-homely guy, Tahir Raj Bhasin ("Mardaani") being the senior with smokes and agenda, Saharsh Kumar Shukla ("Highway") the 'liquor-training' senior and Prateik Babbar ("Dhobhi Ghat") as the cool college antagonist - are the most likable. The lead pair - Sushant Singh Rajput and Shraddha Kapoor - may have fared better this time.<br/><br/>This drama is not a "Student of the Year" (no pun intended), instead is a happy cross between "Jo Jeeta Wahi Sikander" and "3 Idiots". Despite creative liberties and a dull climax, this is a fairly honest representation of what a college looks like in India. The latter is reason enough to sit through the odd two-hours and happily reminisce the times once lived or living in the present. After dangal ,nitesh tiwari has delivered yet another masterpiece... This film with a mixture of nostalgia, humour and a very important message is a must watch for anybody...the only two concerns that can be raised about this film are that the old age makeup seemed a little ameturish at points which may distract you from the marvell of a story going on and the background score may seem too epic for this kind of a film to some people... But personally i believe it goes well with the film...
Do watch it.. the acting from the whole cast is praise worthy... I don't want to spoil anything for you...but it'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry and most importantly it'll stay with you long after you step out of the theatre.. Best movie for college life...I enjoyed it very much....Bohut hard movie h...It inspires u to never lose hope There are good movies, there are great movies, but every once in a while comes along a movie that reminds us why we love cinema in the first place. "Chhichhore" is "The College Movie" of this decade.<br/><br/>Great storytelling & characters, superb direction & dialogues, wonderful music & acting. People will immediately be transported to their fun days in college. The movie has the right emotional and entertainment quotient. Add to that an evergreen life-lesson. Wow!!! Hats off to the entire team. This movie had moments of laughter, but most of the jokes were absurd in the first half. I was not able to connect with the seriousness of the injury the kid had. He was doing fine and suddenly was not doing great. It was kind of childish writing.<br/><br/>A top engineering college had all about a sports championship. Ironically, writers could come up with the idea of Karan Johar's Student Of The Year movie.<br/><br/>
Although the message of the movie was good. but I felt the script wasn't good
Last 30 minutes of the movie raised the bar of otherwise a below average movie.<br/><br/>I would give 6.5 out of 10. Chhicchore, the word may give one a feeling of what is going to be served ! But only half an hour in the movie and I had my notions dispelled ! What with proceedings so full of laughs and novel but clearly "lived by all" situations .. the dear hostel life where many a "mummy" (I too was one) become "Annie" (the know all) studs .. As one points out , one enters alone but leaves after being part of a family of such dear friends , ones who will be always there in times of need fostering an Unbreakable bond..
One may think that it's just any other college movie like "jo jeeta wohi sikander"!! But it's more on lines of "3 idiots" not as great and preachy though ! . Where the latter preached that one must choose a profession where one can excel , in here they tell us that passing exams is not the only benchmark . They come and go . But what is more important is how one deals with it , how one prepares for it ! Like "love" , one usually doesn't get it back but it's the feeling that must be enjoyed ..
One will be remembering the days of ragging and mind you , there is such an innocent feel to it that the seniors only become your best friends.. The days of togetherness , late night teas and masti .. the flirtings and chartings.. there are so many lovely moments in the flick that on leaving and for many days , u will recollect the old days of no-responsibilities , fun frivolous life ! Look for how Sushant gets scared & fidgety on speaking to a girl for the very first time !!
Acting is top notch and the best part is all if these 6 characters have been given enough space and screen time to showcase their acting skills . Sushant as always works hard and there is nothing he can not do ! . The "bevda" , the "stud" Tahir bhasin , "mummy" , "sexa" , "acid" , these do not appear any caricatures .. but ones we all may have experienced or seen or been with in past ! ..
"Sexa" in particular with the best lines and top notch funny expressions is the one too look upto ..
Tahir bhasin and acid are too good in their respective parts , especially I loved the spontaneity of "acid" .
"Mummy" fits the bill perfectly , do look for his swollen "finger" towards the end .
Shraddha looks world's apart but I am really not sure about her acting .
Really creditable to the team of nitish to write such a screenplay where everyone gets space to breathe in ! With full marks to his direction and screenplay , and the casting by Mukesh chhabra , this movie is one to be EXPERIENCED and not just 'binge-watched" over mobile ! .. A hapless father tries to revive his son from coma when the poor kid fails to score in the entrance exam. And the means of his endeavor is as singular as you can think of. He gathers his old college friends, and everybody joins hand in telling the kid their story how they have overcame all obstacles for winning in life.<br/><br/>A roller coaster ride with fun, play, emotion, foolishness, enjoyment, comedy, love, affection, promises and what not. It is not easy to portray so many aspects of life in a 2 hours feature film. Hats off Nitesh Tiwari for pulling this off so so beautifully, and for embedding a very relevant message to every modern parent in this funny tale so seamlessly.<br/><br/>The unconventional cast worked like wonder. Varun Sharma, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Naveen Polishetty, Tushar Pandey, Saharsh Kumar Shukla - everybody is just excellent. Shraddha Kapoor didn't had much impact on the script, but still she is lovable in every scene she appears. And Sushant Singh Rajput! No praise is enough for him. Wonder why this superb actor don't get more chances in more big banners and movies.<br/><br/>As a hostel dweller in my education days I could relate each and every act those foolish friends were enjoying. And if you miss your college days, this is your chance to relive those days which often you remember as best days of your life.<br/><br/>A memorable nostalgic ride that you will relish in every frame.<br/><br/>PS. We few old friends are planning to hit the theatre again this weekend. Can't miss enjoying this one together. It's an money worth movie and represent the newest fact of students getting demoralised when they can't make it to a good college, I admire by the concept of plot which is shown in a very beautiful manner.So it gives a good impression on society of these incidents from which all singles of us is suffering. We went to watch the movie without reading reviews. We were thinking it to be regular entertainment movie. When movie progress, we were amazed to see how balanced focus was given to all characters. Super performance by all the casts. We cried a lot, as we could relate the movie to our real lives. Highly recommended to watch this movie in theathre. This movie is blend of comedy, emotions, story and strong message. But still could have been better one. If minute details were worked upon, could have been one of the epic movies of all time. But still its pleasant to watch these kind of movies in these days. This film will take you back to your college days where one would have spent some wonderful times with friends. The film beautifully captures the highs and lows of college life and rekindles many memories.<br/><br/>The story begins with a young boy attempting suicide after failing to clear the college entrance exam, eventually ending up in a critical condition in a hospital. His parents regroup with their college friends after a very long time and go on to narrate their nostalgic journey with the hope of inspiring the boy to live again.<br/><br/>The film has a peculiar charm to it and has the right blend of emotions. The film redefines the meaning of the word 'Loser' by teaching you to never give up in life and by showing that any failure is just a stepping stone to success.<br/><br/>There are several hilarious scenes paired with an array of rib-tickling dialogues. At the same time there are some heart touching moments, especially the rousing climax which is bound to bring tears in your eyes.<br/><br/>The screenplay of the movie is a bit on the slower side and it feels quite lengthy. The film could have done away with the vulgar slangs in some of the dialogues which would have made this film watchable for the younger audience too.<br/><br/>Each of the cast members have given their best performance. Sushant Singh Rajput has excelled in his role, while you cannot take your eyes off Shraddha Kapoor, who looks adorable with her cute expressions in a mustard yellow dress, and a hairband on her wavy curls! The music & the background score complements the screenplay very effectively.<br/><br/>Overall, this film an inspiring journey of emotions which gives you some really important life lessons and is a must watch! I feel like I am biased towards this movie because I live in a hostel just like shown in the movie with same kind of people shown in the movie. All the characters and their respective actors were so great in the role, they are casted almost perfectly and they have given the wonderful result this movie is. I loved the screenplay, the details the director has put in the setting, characters etc. it felt home. This movie contains some scenes that has happened to every hostellite at least once and watching those scenes with the gang who have shared the same moments with you is enough for recommending this movie to every person who has atleast lived in a hostel And dealt with one or two failures in life.
Its really a great movie I hope it becomes a big hit as it deserves. Every dimension of film is created as College Boy by Nitesh Sir which shows he must have lived the same sort of college life The movie is too awesome...and a special applause to the makeup team...such wonderful age variation shown in the college frnds... beautiful story... awesome acting...😍😍 I like this movie because in this movie has drama and comedy One of the best movie on 2k19.
Don't miss this masterpiece every scene r amazing, susaant sing performance awesome,and finally direction is superb. I had watched Dangal quite a few times and had high hopes with this movie. This is a very different kind of movie, but it shines just as bright.<br/><br/>Like Dangal, this is a move about hope, about overcoming adversities. Unlike Dangal, anyone who's been through college (in India) can relate in some way with this story and their own life.<br/><br/>The characters, caricatures, comedy, hostel scenes and the sports competition engross you, yet remain very realistic. Though the core topics are heavy and serious, the screenplay manages to prevent it from sinking into heaviness with deft pacing, great comedy, and the overall optimism.<br/><br/>Watch it, it will move you I gave 9 bcz of Derek as he too much addicted to smoking how he can be too good in sports that's it ...otherwise movie is must watchable Best movie i have seen in 2019 . Superb Movie . Worth watching ! An emotional, comedy and Drama, a perfect story of college days, all together it an inspirational too. Worth Watching, Awesome Story and Great Piece of Execution. Truly said that a Person's name speaks, Director of Dangal Nitesh Tiwari has done a Great Job. Inspiring......
Give a good message.....
and
Fully enjoyable......
and last but not the least<br/><br/>Full paisa wasul.......!! Must see. Go watch it and enjoy it
Funny emotional and has a great message The film positive side is the dialogue, the screen play and the story. Characters potrayed in the film are too much relatable to our college life. Just the prosthetics were a bit clumsy. But all all over it's must must watch for everyone. Will remind you of 3 idiots and Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar. Good story line up and direction. Performances could have been better considering Sushant's performance in MS Dhoni. Perfect storyline ! Perfect comedy ! Perfect everything ! If i start telling the food things about this movie..it would go on and on..so lets talk about its faults..if u r comparing this movie with 3 idiots then it lacks the comedy in the emotional scenes unlike 3 idiots .. but still awesome movie ..for me the BEST OF 2019 . Do yourself a favour! Go and watch the movie #Chichhore
It's hilarious, dramatic and an emotional rollercoaster.
The movie is literally a Masterpiece with a strong message for parents, students, society and life! The best movie to watch when ever ur bored or ur mood is not so well or want to c some comedy film ,this is the best choice I couldn't remember a single film after 3 Idiots since 2009, when I actually laughed my heart out all throughout in a movie hall. When I was leaving the theater in middle of the night, I heard someone saying "chalo kam se kam din ka ek hissa toh acche se beeta". Chhichhore really has that much amount of humerous content which would not let you sit quietly. Sexa, Acid, Mummy, Derek all will steal your hearts something or the other way through acting & dialogue delivery. All you can hear is the giggling sounds and clap over each funny incident that's being portrayed within a college campus. The director, dialogues and script writer eventually were successful in mixing a wide range of emotions periodically within the film. However, it would not let you get bored anytime, while you end up receiving the strong message from the film about life. When I saw the film trailer few weeks back, I really didn't find anything new or interesting to watch the movie in theater. But believe me, this film has a lot of surprise contents and you would hardly bother for anything else. Please do visit the movie theatre for ultimate enjoyment, else you would surely regret this later. It would be best if you plan to watch this movie with your very own bunch of friends. Liked the movie 100% entertaining with a social message. Failure is not a result but a stepping stone, experience and learn from this and lead the life, life will find a way.... That's what this movie teaches.... Filled with 70% comedy 20% emotions and 10% drama It's a must watch movie. It's a Very good Relatable, Nostalgic College Movie and better than Fake Student of the year College movies. After Duniyadaari this is the kind of College movie we deserve. Storyline, direction, screenplay is absolutely fantastic.Must watch it with your friends. I couldn't stop laughing. You might throw up if you watched it on a full stomach. Just wow. the STORYLINE, SCREENPLAY, ACTING, DIRECTION... Everything was just superb.. Movie which every PARENT should watch atleast once in their LIFE. A movie with a superb MESSAGE...If you are in COLLEGE life aur once you were then this movie is the COCAINE for you guys....After the movie ends you guys are gonna say this too "THIS MOVIE is better than 3 IDIOTS" ...I just LOVED this movie. U guys are gone love this movie please go and watch
👍👍😍 Acting 10/10
Direction 10/10
Story 9/10
Dialogues 10/10
Songs 7/10 Stress and overwhelming anxiety is a reality for many young students in India. More so, for those who appear for highly competitive engineering and medical entrance exams. And sometimes, ones who do not make it through the criteria find themselves in a whirlpool of doubt and depression. Unable to take the failure in the face of family and peer pressure, they often resort to actions which can cause irreparable damage to themselves and their families.
While this bleak reality is at the center of Chhichhore's narrative, its heart and soul is purely reserved for the carefree college and hostel days that shape lifelong bonds and life lessons.<br/><br/>Annirudh (Sushant Singh Rajput) lovingly called Anni by his college buddies and Maya (Shraddha Kapoor), a divorced couple, find themselves in a desperate situation when their teenaged son, Raghav attempts suicide. The doctors indicate that he is critical, no just physically but mentally too. Annirudh believes the only way to bring him out of this darkness is to take Raghav down his own memory lane (back to his hostel days from engineering college). A place where he not just fell in love with Maya but also, forged friendships with 'Sexa' (Varun Sharma), 'Acid' (Naveen Polishetty), Derek (Tahir Raj Bhasin), 'Bevda' (Saharsh Kumar Shukla) and 'Mummy' (Tushar Pandey).<br/><br/>As the film's narrative walks us down the hostel corridors, director Nitesh Tiwari creates an authentic world that is evidently filled with nuggets of nostalgia and a breezy, vibrant energy. There are some genuinely very funny moments that click but also be prepared for a generous helping of low-brow, frat boy jokes, all of which may not be palatable. However, there is no doubt that in its flashback mode - packed with romance, comedy, a sporting championship and some hard realities of hostel life - 'Chhichhore' soars. And when it zips back to the present day, when the group has an unlikely reunion, its heartwarming to witness that their friendship has survived the test of time and distance.<br/><br/>The arc of the screenplay though is mostly predictable and has a 'Three Idiots' hangover. And with a lengthy runtime of almost two and half hours, the pace lags in the second half. It's the emotional drama, fun quotient and a surprise element in the climax that keeps one invested. Shraddha Kapoor, packs in a solid performance both as a younger and older Maya. Sushant Singh Rajput shines as the young Anni (watch out for the scene where he goes tongue-tied in front of Maya!), however as the older Annirudh he seems a little uncomfortable. In fact, as the young lot - the performances are consistent - Varun Sharma steals the show in many of the scenes with his comic timing. Tahir Raj Bhasin is impressive as the intense Derek. Naveen Polishetty, Prateik Babbar, Tushar Pandey and Saharsh Singh also enhance the film with their likeable performances. Together, as a group of friends, they have an easy camaraderie that's relatable.<br/><br/>THE FINAL VERDICT÷
'Chhichhore' has a relevant message on the inherent attitude towards academic success and failure that will connect with many youngsters and parents of today. It tells you that the journey is far more important than the destination and that losing is as critical a life lesson as winning. The film scores high on many accounts and is certainly worth watching. The best film i have ever seen ...Just dil chu liya Not a fan of the typical Bollywood movie. The theme caught my attention, and I decided to give it a go! Kuch comment kar hi diya jaaye. All in all, ye movie dekhne ke baad chaar baatein to clear ho gayin:<br/><br/>First, College ke din yaaron fir se wapis nahi aayenge. Wo bhi kya din the! This movie will take you through a journey down your memory lanes when you made your first set of hooligan friends, and you might find yourself giggling with amusement as you relate to the chhichorapan and exuberance that each one of us possessed during our wild, college days!<br/><br/>Second, the education component of our Indian education system seems to have disappeared somewhere - as the coaching system and entrance exams mindset continue to ruin it. The pressure felt by our gen's youngsters and teens is immense. Life me chill marna bhool gaye hain sab. Materialism and individualism dominate everything nowadays, and "learning" has taken a backseat. Failure is and always will be a vital component of life. It has to be accepted as something inevitable - not something to be frowned upon.<br/><br/>Third, acting talent to abhi bhi hai Bollywood me. Tiwari sir ki direction was almost surgical for its preciseness, and that the actors had worked hard to justify their roles was very evident after watching the movie.<br/><br/>Fourth, I knew Sushant could act, Polishetty could act, and Varun Sharma could tickle my funny bones anyday! But Shraddha, et tu? She has acted magnificently well! Surprise! Surprise! She has really grown as an actress. Last movie that I saw of hers was Stree! This time she surprised me even more!<br/><br/>Enjoy it in the theatres while it is running. Such art-forms deserve true appreciation from the audience, and the message it delivers should be taken home! A must watch for parents and the youth - alike. Cheers! When film make you laugh, cry, whistle And clap ..<br/><br/>..... You know it's best movie 😊 love all character.. After a long time i saw a fantastic movie,i would like to suggest everyone go and watch this fantastic movie.i also would like to thank director and actors and all members. Well, went with a friend with not so much expectations as didn't even see the trailer before booking tickets. After watching this funny and overwhelming movie i am ready to watch this for a second time ..this movie has all the amusing characters who entertained throughout the movie.
AMAZING! Awesome movie, great acting by every Actor. You may fall on floor laughing. It's very realistic and shows reality of Indian teenagers, who are crushed under competition. A very well written script, and a very well directed movie overall, you will not feel bored for a single second. It ll be worth watching in theatres ,its an epic movie btw. What a beautiful movie that doesn't contain ( indecent clothes , unnecessary Show dancer ),
all the actors was amazing and each character gave it all. All time best movie from director nitesh Tiwari..
Comedy+emotion and a great lesson..
Every parents and children needs to see this movie I went for a night show and trust me I was yawning to glory before the movie started!! Once the movie started my sleep vanished because it is entertaining throughout and lastly teaches u important lesson in life that life is more important than marks You can't miss it, beautiful film.. these type of movies made in year's. At some point in our life, we are also one of them. What a movie to get inspired and get out from your failure. Hats off to the makers . This movie will take you on a rollercoaster of emotions. You'll laugh and you'll cry at the same time, all throughout the movie!! Plus everyone has acted very well, which takes it to another level. Do watch!! If you love hotel life you definitely like it.
GO FOR IT. Plot was okay.
Direction was good.
and it will take you to your Hostel life for sure. Don't miss this movie. Worth each penny spent. Sushant Singh needs to emote better, other actors amazing. Varun Sharma deserves the kudos. Director Nitesh Tiwari truly knows how to entertain, make you laugh and touch every cord of your heart. 10 out of 10. Well made movie that combines humor, emotions, nostalgia for the whole family! It communicates a good message by the end of it that you end up taking with you after watching it. Nitesh Tiwari has done it again after Dangal.
I have watched almost all the good and so-so movies of bollywood but they didn't give overall satisfaction if I have watched some good stuff or not.
This is the one movie that I can say for sure will not disappoint u in any way.
Lots of comedy and great acting by a very versatile and excellent cast. Varun Sharma is lit.. Good to see Navin Polishetty too.. Super awesome and inspirational movie
Nice plot and cast Its an amazing film.Please do watch it.An classic family entertainer that will surely long last in your mind This movie doesn't need any explanation,another heart touching movie after 3 idiots so far. Great performance by every cast. Hilariously written dialog. Couldn't stop recollecting some of punch liners even after watching the movie and giggle over it. Amazing. Must watch Chhichhore' is a likeable film with a relevant social message, one that will connect with many students and their parents. The moral of the story is to enjoy the journey without worrying about the destination Tremendous performance by whole cast, this movie once again prove that a branch of good friends can do miracles, it also give us a message for youth and as well as for parents ... After a long time an epic movie released which will remember for atleast 10years .. Finally an amazing bollywood movie that is too good. It has comedy + humour+ inspiration(with a twist :P). Direction + Story-line + cast was just awesome. It shows that trying is more important than winning. We should learn to celebrate failure as well. Won't reveal what was there in movie but Yes, it is a must watch for everyone and our youth needs to take lessons from it. As you can see the rating
You should watch in theatre. A perfect movie filled with dose of comedy, entertainment, nostalgic scenes and good massage. Must watch. Beautiful movie, well directed & acted. With amazing message for everyone. Must must watch movie.. After a long time I laughed and cry at the same time... In short n sweet it's a Must watch for all those people who has been in Hostel during their college life. Just go watch it. After so many years of waiting just simply paid off by this movie, such a motivating and realistic story as well as screenplay and dialogues are the power of this movie, and acting is moreover good, but the concept of this movie is simple and realistic... In a word marvelous... Worth of money There are very few films which leaves us to think about where we are heading in life with all the responsibilities surrounding us. It is an amazing script portrayed by amazing actors. Kudos to the team for making brilliant cinema which might impact someone's life in the right way. It's not a typical bollywood film where unnecessarily, hero of the film will come out as a winner in the end. Where love story has to be dragged because there is a heroine. It's a story which we live in our day to day life. It is something where we can connect ourselves. It gives us a message that we prepare our lives for success but forget to prepare it for failure. There is so many things you will learn about life. There is so many moments of laugh, tears and overwhelming emotions. Go and watch. Dude this movie gives u a rollercoaster ride into ur college life ,
Series of funny incidents ,
Lovely one liner's
And the way 'choocha' aka 'sexa' flavoured this movie is mind blowing
*Movie ended wid a nice message
.... Must watch entertainer , watch wid ur ha##mi friends and feel the nostalgia 😁
** My rating (8.7) Nowadays many bollywood movies are based on over patriotism,item songs, cartoon VFX action, logic less scenes. But after watching this movie I swear , I laughed at each and every scene. I never thought that it was bad or good joke. But it was amazing man. If you had watched 3 idiots. You will see the same hospital scene where Raju Rastogi was brought back from coma. It happens similar in this movie too but in a different way. It is filled with 18 + jokes. Never a family movie. Its only for young generation. Over dramatic scenes, Sushant Singh narration was like ad break during the film. Why every movie opt this kind of lengthy narration. The old parents didn't look so realistic. What happened to all the characters and how did they get job. Film shows nothing but the fun they had and the competition of GC. More over film lacks that emotions and inspiring moments like they had in chak de India and 3 idiots.not considering the cinematography and striking moments. But it surely had that entertainment like Dangal and its good. To every loosers.... It's a 9/10 must watch! This film should be appreciated more in coming days or may got down by it's unusual non-superstar casting and weak acting in very few points by Sushant but "DANGAL" director Nitesh Tiwary shows his class again. 2019 best movie the most underrated film no advertisement best film of my life too good this film shows how the life is important the film has funny scenes emotional the love between family and all too good movie Just go and watch with your bunch to relive the memories of your hostel life, awesome movie. 👏👏👏👏 The movie was great could easily rate it 9 but one of the think that was missing was the main story line was not that well presented. But gigs in the movie were great, one's time will not be wasted. A mood lifter we can say. Too good cast worth it movie value for money too many memories... Movies is full of nostalgic moments of hostel and college life. And more importantly movie is so relatable to any student in India. A pack of comedy and drama. A must watch movie after 3 idiots. Movie simply teaches a lot about life and struggles, the success of being a looser and how to deal with a failure. Re-lived nostalgia then go watch "Chhichhore".<br/><br/>The story starts with Raghav (Sushant Singh son), who tries for IIT and fails and attempts suicide. Almost 45 mins of start of the movie taken by Raghav, makes it bore. This would have cut short. The real movie starts when Sushant Singh classmates reunits and share their nostalgic story of college days. Now you can say the movie is awesome. Every character in movie will relate some friend from hostel life. Sexa played by Varun sharma aka chucha from Fukrey, is something next level. All other characters are unique and funny. The dialogues are funny and will be famous among the audience. This movie will give you dose of jo jeeta wohi sikandar and 3 idiots and happy days. While watching this movie, you will hear losers words 100 of times, but you will not lose money and time. Witness 100 % Nostalgia........<br/><br/>Verdict: Paisawasool. Best comic movie I have seen after many many months . His movie is so good for comedy and college life lovers , feeling good to watch it on theatre It is the One of the best movie that Bollywood gave to Indian cinema recent times ...Every actor did their best and most wonderful screenplay you would ever see.And yes the way,that filmaker showed the pressure which is felt by a student who failed or who is depressed is perfect and everyone will relate themselves to some or the other character Movie is of full entertainment and a great lesson taught to audience.. a must watch movie Watch it at ur own risk......mindless comedy,poor casting,terrible makeup,bad acting,and the list goes onn.....🤢 Well I will make it as concise as possible as this movie doesn't even deserve a lengthy review and my time. Pathetic acting, loosely written dialogues, awful make up's for starters. Sushant Singh was just about bearable, Shraddha Kapoor should seriously take acting lessons. The message in the movie which they somehow conveyed and Varun Sharma's acting were the saving grace for this 3 idiots + Jo jeeta wohi sikandar mash up movie. Hard to believe the movie was helmed my Nitesh Tiwari. What was he thinking ???? Chhichhore review :<br/><br/>No doubt, following up a blockbuster is always a tough act. Just last week, we had Prabhas starrer 'Saaho' falling short of the 'Baahubali' (2015) expectations people had from it. This week director Nitesh Tiwari attempts a campus rampus after his brilliantly executed 'Dangal' (2016) but Chhichhore ends up being merely an okey dokey fare - a second rate version of '3 Idiots' (2009) meets 'Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander' (1992).<br/><br/>Middle aged Anni (Sushant Singh Rajput) and Maya (Shraddha Kapoor) are separated couple who arrange a re-union of their engineering classmates at the most unlikely place - hospital bed of their only son Raghav who attempts suicide after failing an entrance exam.<br/><br/>The ex- Chhichhore's narrate their college days in order to motivate Raghav to fight and survive. The film's core theme serves as a pertinent lesson to todays parents who expect their children to be only toppers and winners but never have an alternate plan in case the youngsters dont make the cut. What then?? Anni realises it the hard way. Teach your children to be competitive and fight bravely. Dont pressure them like cookers. Good thought that!!<br/><br/>Surprisingly, the main competition here is not state level or even inter college but an inter hostel sports championship. Huhh!!! Prateik Babbar turns up to play the snobbish baddie - basically Deepak Tijori of 'Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander'. Basketball, cricket, chess, kabbaddi etc etc contests are all crammed in for no clear rhyme or reason.<br/><br/>Worse, the Chhichhore winning strategy is as juvenile as their name. One is sledging the opponent, other is honey trap, third is sloganeering..Tsk tsk, such inanity!!<br/><br/>On the positive, Shraddha Kapoor is super impressive as Maya. Infact, she steals the show from her co-lead Sushant Singh Rajput who does well as the college kiddo but looks ill at ease playing the mature part. Varun Sharma as Sexa efficiently provides the comic quotient. The rest of supporting cast is competent enough.<br/><br/>All in all, Chhichhore is a feel good film with an unmissable message for parents. But one certainly expected more from the 'Dangal' director than just a cover version of a Raju Hirani product. I felt like this film came at a good time and I appreciate the film makers efforts in conveying the message that "failure doesn't make you a loser."
However, I felt there was something missing in this film, I would of enjoyed seeing a-bit more character development from either the boy or his parents for context so that I would be more invested in the characters but the focus seemed solely on the teams methodology and "journey to victory".
I enjoyed watching Sushant and the heart-warming scenes with his son, there is also a decent amount of (good) comedy. I enjoyed the side characters but I must say I was disappointed with Shraddha Kapoor's performance. She bought nothing interesting to her role and she was actually kind of annoying with the blaming her ex for everything when it was evident he was a fantastic father.
A good effort however. This movie is a pure art!
Full comedy nd amazing direction by Nitesh ji
Awesome 😍 Good god they still using that same three idiots formula and putting in different script and rating would be empty without discussing that makeup omg .i want to say one thing I know u putting new idea already put enough budget in it so people appreciate your effort. Story is well written ok cast selection but it failed to deliver in many way sushant singh rajputs overacting will annoy you throughout the movie also they don't have to make bald grey hair to make them look out fake wigs looks from 90s I went to see the movie with high expectations as many of the press reviews and even the reviews in imdb rated the movie very high. I was looking forward for some novelty in the plot and also some funny moments as it was said to be partly about college and hostel life. It was also the Dangal director's next film and I had enjoyed watching Dangal.<br/><br/>Chhichhorre turned out to be a mix of some movies like 3 idiots and Student of the year, it had only 1 or 2 funny scenes, the music was bad, Sushant Singh Rajput (as he has done in some of his previous movies) was trying to imitate Shahrukh Khan when giving expressions and the plot moved at a snail's pace. Other than Sushant Singh and Shraddha Kapoor, there were no back stories about the other characters and what they were doing in life at present. They just drop in and decide to stay with Sushant and family for days. Almost all the situations in the plot seemed contrived, as if every scene was introduced to push the plot further.<br/><br/>Some redeeming factors in the movie were the message it was trying to give to youngsters about life and the College General Championship's unexpected ending. Shraddha Kapoor looked pretty and Prateik Babbar was competent. I have seen Sushant Singh Rajput give better performances. Of the friends, I thought the character of 'Acid' was very relatable.<br/><br/>Old plot rehashed and uninteresting film. Watch at your risk. This movie is amazing and deserve a Oscar award. Everyone done such a wonderful performance. A total waste of time. Don't fall for the ratings or you'll be falling bored. Highly predictable and full of cheap dialogues. No emotional connection to movie or whatsoever. This is my first review for a Bollywood film  and it is because I am outraged by the rating of this time. IMDB serves as a useful site to get decent entertainment, the ratings on IMDB are mostly accurate and close enough most of the times but this movie isn't one of those times. The rating for this movie on IMDB is 8.4 which is not doing justice to it and I am going to analyze why I'd say so..
Firstly, the plot ! The plot for the movie revolves around the past of the parents of a young boy who are trying to cope with a recent tragedy by narrating the story of the amazing time they had during their college days. The plot itself is weak, filled with mediocre scenes, songs and script. The pace of the movie is pretty monotonous, so is the tone of the movie. It is filled with cliches and the director uses emotional baggage to carry the story throughout the 2 hrs and 30 mins, which brings me to another thing wrong with the movie , its too damn long, I lost interest midway and had to skim through the rest of it to get to the very predictable ending in an anti-climatic way.
The acting by most of the actors is over-done at times and character development is pretty weak. I found the humor present to be dull and below par. The songs are pretty average and are mostly forced in the movie to give it the Bollywood feel.
In hindsight, I can say the movie is at best a 6 and the score it got on IMDB is just pertinent to the fact that Indian public is easily persuaded by emotional meritocracy. Another thing to mention is the unrealistic notions that are filled within the core of the movie. Not only is it unrealistic but it also shows the lack of creativity in script and story writing. In all aspects the movie is pretty average and is unworthy of such a high score on IMDB. I wish the Indian public raises their standards of judging good cinematic pieces and weed out such average flicks for the sake of raising the standard of bollywood as a whole.
I have been trying to think about any good aspect of this film and in all honesty I can't seem to put my finger on a single one that's how average the experience of watching this was for me. Chhichore cannot be fixed into one genre. It is part drama, part comedy, part sports, part college life, part marriage life etc. After hearing all the rave reviews, I had great expectations for this movie. I was very disappointed when I started watching it because it was nothing like I thought it was. Still it was pretty good. The message the script gives is superb. All the college life scenes were pretty good but the present day scenes were not so good. The cast was okay but there was no breakthrough performance to mention. Nitish Tiwary's style didn't have any freshness as he did this in old school Bollywood style, which is not bad but not very good either. The climax is what I liked the most as it was a bit unpredictable. It is nothing like Dangal and I'm a but disappointed as this Nitesh Tiwary's movie after Dangal. Overall, Chhichore can be defined as a must watch because it can entertain everyone. Shocked to see Sushant's overacting in this movie. The supporting actors have played their individual roles brilliantly though. Very weak storyline. Bad screenplay. A sweet movie with its heart in the right place. The writing and screenplay had flaws but the movie still was engaging enough to have sniffles and roars of laughter in the audience. Sushants performance was the big minus for me. Hamming straight from the SRK school of over acting. Nevertheless a very good movie. The movie was good. It shed light on the over hype & herd mentality of BTech & how everyone wants their child to do engineering. The movie had a few cringy moments & a good amount of hypocrisy.<br/><br/>During the flashback scene it is shown that the main character is trying a cigarette, there is also a scene where all the characters try alcohol. Now during these scenes the actors were obviously smoking & drinking alcohol but NOTICE on the bottom left corner, a warning is stated "Smoking Kills", "Alcohol consumption is bad for health".
Now since we know that 'Smoking' & 'Drinking' is bad for health, then why the hell is shown & promoted in such a glorious way.
Also in the starting few minutes of the movie, the main actor promises to 'Celebrate' with his son by opening an alcohol bottle & drinking it together.<br/><br/>The movie showed alot of things but there were these negative things that were subtly promoted.
For promoting Cigarettes, Alcohol & in a very subtle way divorce, I give this movie at most a 6.5 Stars. I would've given it an 8 had these fatal elements not been there. Yes! 100% recommended.
Chhichhore helps to reconnect with the memories of your college days. And so you can with your buddies as well. Let's go for one more time. Superb 👏👏 First half very promising..but 2nd half completely looks blend..boring..one time watch Sushant is not looking good in Father role. His look is horrible. Moreover, it is relevant for college students.
Sexa does great acting, and Shraddha too is looking awful in mother role.
They both look too old to be parents of a 17 year 12th student A must watch college life story
Very well directed!!
Totally enjoyed it 💟👌🏼 Chhichhore is the package of comedy , love , tragic etc. The cast assembled is nice. The story line is a picky one which streams with different genres till the end. Although I myself never went to a hostel I really enjoyed "Chichorre" which using the life and the friendships made there in a hostel as a backdrop gave us a nuanced view of our expectations in life,more so where education is concerned.
Although everyone acted well,my favourite characters were"Sexa"and"Mummy"(while they were in hostel)
The only part of the movie that was a letdown where the makers took us for granted and asked us to stretch our imagination where certain parts of "GC"were concerned.
Besides that everything else was very good in the movie
7/10 I was excited for this film purely because of Nitesh Tiwari. His previous film, Dangal, was one of my favourites of 2016 and I'm so happy to say that this movie was amazing.<br/><br/>Chhichhore is the story of seven friends who reunite after a tragic incident and reminisce about their college life.<br/><br/>Nitesh Tiwari tugs on our heartstrings as he creates the most heartwarming film of the year. What people will love the most is the constant nostalgia throughout the film. Audiences will laugh and cry as they remember their college life. How wonderful it may have been. The unforgettable friends they made there. All of that will be remembered whilst watching Chhichhore.<br/><br/>That's not all. Each character has such a likability to them and their persona. Such characters seem so relatable as we have seen people like Anni, Maya, Sexa, Derek, Mummy, Acid and Bevda in our life. This relatability is what helps us connect more with our protagonists. What makes these characters come to life is the extraordinary performances of the cast and fun dialogue. Varun Sharma being the standout.<br/><br/>The phenomenal writing and cinematography add to the experience. Each dialogue given to each character seems well suited and the gorgeous cinematography by Amalendu Chaudhary transports us to a college that takes you back to the past.<br/><br/>Tiwari doesn't just cater to the adults but allows youngsters to learn a very special message regarding the pressure of getting good grades and how we shouldn't be disheartened if we fail.<br/><br/>The only areas where the film may falter is the unrealistic situations met during the sporting events and the tacky makeup used to show balding. However, none of these flaws really bothered me as I believe the strengths overpower the weak points.<br/><br/>Aside from that, this film's great. The idea of revisiting college and friends will put a huge smile on people's faces as well as learning an important lesson on the pressure of good grades which is sure to make people shed a tear or two. Chhichhore is a sweet, beautiful and emotional ride that deserves to be watched. I applaud Nitesh Tiwari's efforts in making this movie because it sure paid off. It's been ages since I have laughed so hard watching a movie.. This movie deserves more biz than 3 idiots.. Its emotional, comical, nostalgic and excellent on terms of addressing the education of today.. Pls take your parents along.. Everyone must watch this movie.. Nitish tiwari ji nailed it yet again... The dialogues are really heart of the movie... Get ready for the ride u won't regret or forget.. Pls watch it This is first movie to i m give 10 star ....<br/><br/>
just a masterpiece ...!!! You gets connected with the movie with the bunch comedy, emotions and performance. It's a nice movie and you're definitely gonna like it. I can bet this movie is better than 3 idiots . The plot is fine. The direction of Nitesh Tiwari sir is awesome. Each and every character of this movie got attention , no fake heroism shown here , this is fully relatable to everyone's college journey . I will suggest everybody to watch this movie . I'm not one for emotional stuff so I could have done only without the kid and his story but everything else was great. Good comedy and drama . It is an inspirational movie with lots of fun. Every parent and student must watch this. You will definitely recollect your college memories with this movie. The movie is following a non-linear pattern, love the way how the story is narrated with a lot of hilarious moments. the way how they showcased the characters was outstanding and the chemistry between them worked out really well which was the main reason that made the movie so fun. Movie conveys a strong message. A feel-good movie. Where should i start to talk about this movie, i had a ball, this movie is a laugh fest and yeah after watching the trailer people can make many comparisons of it, but i have to say this movie exceeded any expectations i had. Never in the movie u feel weary and this movie keeps u exciting till the very end. The acting of every character in this movie is top notch. Especially naveen polishetty who keeps you engaged whenever he is on screen. Hope to see more of him in the future and Varun sharma was brilliant, Sushant and Shraddha were great as well. Go watch this movie in theatres, . The movie also has a great message which is very important, last but not the least u are an idiot if u watched soty 2 and not this film :P Best
Best
Best
Best
Best
Best
Best
Best
Best<br/><br/>Best
Best
Best What a movie ! The acring, jokes, timing and most importantly the messaging is just great. This is a must watch film. Movie in itself is very entertaining and only for this I would have given above average score; but it comes to an end with a slam dunk, I was frozen for a while in awe!! School and college days are probably the best moment of your life as it is filled with fun, vibrance, memories and adventures with your best friends even if you are penniless. Chichhore brings back those beautiful days and does it with aplomb.<br/><br/>Chichhore tells the story of reunion of 7 losers a.k.a friends who meet after 20 years due to an unfortunate circumstance and how they relish the moments spent in their college days.<br/><br/>Directed by NiteshTiwari, who co-directed Chillar Party, directed Bhoothnath Return and Aamir Khan starrer Dangal, Chichhore not only meets the expectations from the talented director but surpasses above and beyond it. There are innumerable hilarious moments and comic scenes which will bring down the house and even will remain with you after leaving the theater. Hats off to Nitesh Tiwari for giving us yet another unique taste of entertainment.<br/><br/>Chichhore also succeeds in bringing back the charm of friendship whom you will definitely miss after watching the film. It does remind of Dil Chahta Hai, Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar, 3 Idiots and even Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara of the valuable time spent with our close friends. One important message from the film is that we always prepare ourselves for the success and never for the failure. May be we start looking into that aspect as well.<br/><br/>Music by Pritam is passable while lyrics written by Amitabh Bhattarcharya is just about okay. Art direction is decent and so is the cinematography. Editing could have been better as the film takes too many turns to swap in between the past and the present scenes. Background score is good. Writing by Nitesh Tiwari, Piyush Gupta and Nikhil Mehrotra is superb while dialogues are brilliant.<br/><br/>Performances wise, I loved Varun Sharma as Sexa. This will be his best performance after Fukrey. Sushant Singh Rajput was good and does well in transforming from an old guy into a college student. Shraddha Kapoor gets better with her role.
Tahir Bhasin shows confident as Derek, Navin Polishetty is brilliant as Acid and Tushar Pandey as Mummy is mind-blowing.<br/><br/>Overall, Chichhore is a refreshing tale of young, wild and free college days. Go and watch it to bring those beautiful memories back. Awesome 4/5<br/><br/><ul><li>Ketan Gupta</li></ul> What a gem, it is pure diamond. You can watch this movie on loop. This movie has the best actors which are really actors due to their work not due to their name.
This movie is a must watch movie and i bet u can watch it many more times. It's a good one, at times a bit over dramatic.
But, worth watching. Okay, first of all I mostly write reviews when I am really impressed with a movie. Instead I write this because I am angry. Angry at the severe misrepresentation of women in Bollywood movies.
Every Bollywood film that is about college students will always- ALWAYS have few rowdy, OTT men as leads with women being non-existent or just for objectifying. I hoped(oh why!), that this being from the makers of Dangal would change that, but alas I could not be more wrong. The heroine in this movie(Shraddha Kapoor) arrives on the scene just when engineering fresher and the hero of the movie(Sushant) dreams/hopes for a "model" type lady in his college. She preens and pouts with hoards of boys lusting after her just to prove what a catch she is for the protagonist - and that is the meat of her role in the entire movie.
I studied in a technical college and so did several of my lady friends. More often than not women would be our college toppers giving serious competition to the guys. Where are these women, Bollywood?
If we want any end to misogyny in India stop the blatant misogyny in these dumb movies first. Remember they are watched and leave a deep impression on a large audience. Stop representing women as dumb wallflowers because they are NOT. I felt 3 idiots was formulaic. For me, it was like a grand character was designed and then friends were added to show the colors of the character. Thanks to this film, I still feel that 3 idiots as formulaic but the characters(even friends) were developed realistically. Those characters made me laugh, feel sad, made me relate to them in some scenes. If you want the short and clear version of comparison of these both films, here it is, 3 idiots=backbenchers, chichhore=frontbenchers. Watching this film felt like watching Steve carell in the office series(tries hard to be loved by everyone, funniest guy which never works because he is frontbencherish). I feel like I purchased a 1000wala crackers, lit the fuse, waited 5 minutes for the action, with no sound or light showing up till that 5 minutes, went to check what happened and then noticed that every thread of each cracker got lit completely. Was very sure that the film would be awesome since I kept in mind dangal and the actor naveen. I have no idea why the overall rating in imdb is above 8 and 88% in bookmyshow. This movie teachs us the value of Time , Value of Money , so please dont waste it on this movie and dont misguide audience !
Typical No Logic Predicted Bollywood Movie.
The Best Worst Written movie award goes to Chichore. It's like a mixup of Jo jeeta Wahi sikander and little bit of 3 idiots. If you have seen those 2 movies, u won't enjoy this much. Acting is decent, a little over acting here and there. I didn't find the movie very interesting. Direction was loose at few points, acting was average, comedy was collection of few pj , old joke and some new jokes.
It's was like everyone got a kind of role ...
Typical bollywood movie, can't expect much.
Overall I would rate 3 out of 10. Story- The movie starts very slow, we have an IIT-JEE aspirant who is very tense for his result. His parents Sushant Singh Rajput and Shraddha Kapoor are divorced. He jumps off his residential building after he failed to get a rank. His parents rushes him to hospital and his chances are very low. Now Sushant decides to narrate his own college story to his son and we get some relief from depressing storyline going till now.<br/><br/>At the end of first half, we see some entertainment as they show how Sushant's life was in college's worst hostel and how they used to entertain themselves. We hope that we will see something like 3 idiots but the movie takes a complete shift in the second half and centres only on a sports championship which was very necessary to win to remove thier loser tag and at this point movie starts to lose its whole significance. I don't think that a sports championship is more important than studies in a top engineering college in India.<br/><br/>Then the all the hostelers of Sushant's hostel, who are securing the last place from last 15 years swears to win this championship and finally performs exceptionally well and comes second and also the loser tag on them is removed.<br/><br/>Acting- No one looked good exept Varun Sharma. Sushant Singh Rajput was expressionless both as a college student and as a father who's son is in critical condition. They tries hard to make us laugh but screenplay is very weak.<br/><br/>Screenplay- The screenplay is a complete mess, final moments are good but story is dragged much longer than required to make it a 2.5 hour movie. Second half is just boring which only shows that the sports championship is most important thing in the college.<br/><br/>Makeup- I am specially mentioning this because the makeup was the worst I have ever seen. It was worse than the movies of 70s. They all were looking very awkward as mature adults, specially Sushant, who's beard was unbearable.<br/><br/>Lastly, I would say that the story was realistic in the beginning but became super fiction in the second half. They won a sports championship just by shouting stupid things which made the players of regning champion hostel lose. The second half was unbearable, predictible and very unrealistic. While the film tries to harp on to a didactic topic coupling it with rather senseless cliched humour much like a good copy pasting exercise, the message somewhere gets lost in the whole array of disconcerted events and poor threading of emphasis on what matters as a central issue to the film. Not to mention inanimate acting skills of Sraddha and Susant. I had expected it to be much like the gloriously famous 3 Idiots, something that arouses nostalgia while not leaving behind a thoroughly tailored storyline, but I found myself wanting. Chhichhore, very quickly, turned unbearable because of the soulless acting done by the majority of actors. From the moment Sushant Singh Rajput showed up, there were very few moments of enjoyment. The only actors who acted well were Varun Sharma and Tahir Bashin, and to a moderate extent, Prateik Babbar. Sushant failed his act and so did Shraddha Kapoor. Sushant and Shraddha didn't play realistic parents at all. Naveen Polishetty and Tushar Pandey did only overacting, not entertaining even for 5 seconds.
Makeup head Preetisheel Singh did the worst makeup job that I've ever seen. One major move for showing the cast getting old was to make them bald, or push their hairline back. Absolutely no work was done on their skin to show them old for real.
In the story, the H4 people were facing unbeaten champions from H3. How easy was this job? Just yell at H3 players to bring their confidence down?! Is that how it works? How can a carrom player start shivering and lose a shot because a few opponents are yelling?? Only Chhichhore logic can make that happen. H3 champs fell prey to the Losers very easily, but the opposite didn't happen. H3 guys failed to bring H4's confidence down. Obviously, a reigning champion team can easily fall prey to Losers! That is straightforward, right?
By the mid of the third quarter, I couldn't watch the non-sense that was going on. It was utter how easily H4 marched towards victory after receiving the badge of LOSERS. It was super unrealistic.
This was a great story, but the actors ruined it. Add to that the unrealistic turns and, of course, their older selves. I didn't like the movie because the story is boring and very long. Had expectations from this movie as the Director had already bagged 2nd highest Grosser in India with Dangal but who wants to direct Sushant Singh in his 2nd directorial?<br/><br/>Hatsoff to the dialogues in the movie written by Nitesh, Piyush and Nikhil and some good acting by the supporting cast specially mentioning Varun Sharma the movie turned out to be an Entertaining one Chhichhore movie is a breeze of some fresh air with the tadka of 1990's era. You will love each moment and cherish it while leaving the theatre. This is one kind of a movie which you don't want to get over. A very well job done by Nitesh Tiwari and the entire cast.<br/><br/>The impeccable screenplay and narration add up the spice. Wonderful direction and commendable acting by the cast. All characters are written beautifully and performed brilliantly. Shraddha, Tahir, Naveen, Varun, Tushar and Saharsh are amazing.<br/><br/>What I liked most about the movie is that, how beautifully Nitesh Tiwari switched between the 1990's era and the modern days. He did the synchronization part of those scenes exceptionally well. Nitesh also worked very hard on each and every detail related to the 1990's like Reynolds pen, Casio watches, Sport shoes etc.<br/><br/>It's a worth watch Chhichhore movie in cinemas, so friends walk into your nearest cinema with your beloved friends to double the fun. The only reason I bought ticket and watched this film in theater was because of the Nitesh Tiwary. His Dangal was fabulous. Dangal succeeded because every department of the film did their best. Be it screenplay, music, editing and acting performances everything was bang one. And this film fails on various fronts especially on editing and writting.
The first half drags miserably. The film's opening scene hooks you in the flashback world of Sushant but the present timeline stalls the entire movie. The main character of the film 'Sushant' and 'Sharddha' were not established properly. Audience is directly taken into the routine scene between them without even letting audience know who they are, what they are. The empathy we fill for them is Zero. There should have been a sequence between them for 'audience connection' purpose. Secondly, the film's main dramatic action which is the fight for GC (fight to lose the tag of loser) begins late.
On editing front, I felt the present timeline wasn't given a proper dramatic treatment. The scenes of Doctor informing Sushan and Shraddha about deteriorating health condition of their child is plain informative and needless. In theater, audience was laughing when that Doctor scene used to come on screen because they knew what Doctor was going to say.
What I liked about the film was its second half and acting performances. The GC championship sequences were original and hilarious. Sushant and Shraddha looked uncomfortable and uneven. The secondary characters like Sexa, Acid or Mummy were far superior in their performances.
Overall, this film is an average, unoriginal movie experience for me. Firstly, this film gives wrong messages as to bribe your child into doing well on exams. Secondly, this movie is aggravating as the main female lead is completely alright with the male protagonist ignoring her for his own wellbeing. Lastly, one thing this movie does right is showing how idiotic men can be when together. Movie could have been lot lot better in other hands.
Very bad presentation one again,story made no sense at all they were just forcing the story in the movie no
Acting skill. If we can't feel the story or emotion of what it wants to say then its no use making films.Please atleast give ur 100% and if this is ur 100% ,Then stop making films Good movie with a simple storyline. A one time watch. It was really one of the most boring films I watched. There is no story. The director tried to make it more funny/comedy, more emotional It's such a drag.... very boring movie. Very low entertainment value Wonderful movie!! Sucide is not an option! Whatever a reason might you have ! Failure is step stone to sucess !! Acting story everything is brilliant If someone know about the acting, u start hating suhshant singh, I don't know who tell making so many types of face impressions called acting. It just a good movie with brilliant message but there is nothing extraordinary in this movie. I found this movie very captivating and entertaining. Not too much vulgarity in it, so kind of a family entertainer as well, which is unfortunately very rare in Bollywood these days, especially in a movie targeted at younger audiences!<br/><br/>Overall, its a highly recommended one time watch. I kept feeling mixed vibes of '3 Idiots' and 'Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar' throughout the movie and thoroughly enjoyed it. Still I am giving it 7 / 10 as I personally didn't find the direction absolutely perfect and I also wasn't highly impressed by Sushant Singh Rajput in lead role (especially as a mature uncle). I personally feel someone else like Varun Dhawan in lead role would've changed the movie a lot for the better. Not a good movie, childish movie
Dont 2aste your time It's one time watchable.nothing have something new they trying to make movie like 3 idiots but fails! Another example of how fake reviews can fool people into watching this movie. Amazon prime hostel daze is truly entertaining and refreshing. This is garbage. Bollywood is mostly garbage. Now every movie Maker knows if their movies are rated highly on IMDb, people will eventually watch it. STAY AWAY FROM IT. Copy of 3 idiots theme,nonsense ending,acting of sushant is above par,but not worth watch because of its lagging screenplay Worked for me as it captured the zeitgeist of the engineering days very well.<br/><br/>The bonding over alcohol, abuses and pornography. The willingness to go the distance for camarederie.<br/><br/>The dialogues are, generally, witty.<br/><br/>However, in this age of Uber competition, the message that it tries to give about competing and not focusing on the result is difficult to digest. Also, the dude who played the doctor really rankled me. He repeated the line about the swelling in the brain not going down like a broken record throughout the length of the film and annoyed the f out of me.
There are many other flaws, such as sexist dialogues and cheap thrills, along with bad makeup. However, the story got me involved and made me cheer for this rag tag group of losers.<br/><br/>Guilty pleasure. Recommended. Well the ratings might tell you different. I thought so as well. But it was very disappointing. The plot is very predictable. You have seen this in many more movies and the characters are not engaging. Screenplay is poor. Above all what caught my attention is the acting of lead Sushant singh rajput. His acting as a middle aged man is just awful. The movie Chhichhore is an entertaining story of a group of friends who lived together during their college time, it takes you back to your college days and makes you laugh, nostalgic and just miss the good old days when we all were just living our lives.<br/><br/>The movie is very well made, it's fast paced and the story though not very logical makes you laugh hysterically. One can expect a good break from their burst schedule in this movie. The film is really awesome. The characters has been depicted in a beautiful manner and the actors has also gave justice to the character! Overall it was worthy one to watch😍😍 This movie is one best drama inspiring movie ever in bollywood...great content,wonderful cast with brilliant performance for each one of them great story It's the closest ever movie to the engineering lives of students & really makes us nostalgic. Cast is great & gives a recommendable performance. Well directed & an enjoyable one. Badly needed a movie like this. This movie is full family entrainment. You can enjoy with everyone without bad vulgar. It's student's life, so it's not about Engineers. Enjoy this train of full emotions in theater. Trailer doesn't show an important part that the film is about, but the mystery is worth it.
The film is engaging over all but at certain place it feels slow.
I don't want to ruin your experience by exposing details. But do watch it. Exact hit to society mentality of how a success and failure should be meant. Nitesh tiwari's brilliance is continuing as it was in Dangal.<br/><br/>Lots of punches throughout the movie makes it more interesting and it was an excellent team work.<br/><br/>Must watch movie. Bollywood movies have always shown us the best situation - your favourite characters should win and make it a happy ending. Well, not this one.
It will tell us how you can lose but still remain positive in life. What matters is trying in life and not winning every time.
Simply loved it! Na banna ananaanannana a. Aahsjssjsjsjsjsjasjsjajajajajajajajwkakaakskskskw This movie is breath of fresh air with amazing story telling and acting by the cast. Each actor performed to their best (may be not Shraddha!), everyone mastered dialogues and delivery. Hats off to screenplay and writing team for simple but punchy dialogues. College life humors and nostalgia makes it a must watch. There is never a low point in the movie and story pieces are arranged perfectly. Beautiful message sums the movie to be the best bollywood movie of 2019 ! The film had two components and i think creator acheived both to some extent showcasing them. The first being a social message to society of eveyone in fight to achieve top position and therefore the one who lags is either felt inferior or choose inferiority and succumb in dark. This was an emotional part and i liked it. But what touched me more was the other part which was college life of engineers and how they live. Reminded me of my own days and it was really a delightful experience.<br/><br/>Hats off again to all and i like this changing trend of indian cinema. 9 out of 10. It seems that most of the scenes were picked from my own hostel life. Movie was definitely worth watching. It has great yet predictable story. It was difficult to digest that 7 friends took days (if not weeks) to narrate simple story to one kid on hospital bed. Full of emotion and comedy movie<br/><br/>The kid tried suicide because he not got the good marks in exam and he fear that everyone are going to tell him the looser<br/><br/>His father Ani saying his story to his son and he was the biggest looser in his college<br/><br/>Full of drama, comedy and emotion movie Never seen such movie in recent years
Must watch
I loved it During dissapointing recent years in bollywood, this is one of the fresh gems. I loved the depth of emotions created in situation and how everything is set according to time.<br/><br/>Story is extremely fresh even though idea is an old one. Sushant singh and losers did wonderful. I only wished that they created better charachter for Ms Kapoor.<br/><br/>
Overall, loved it and it is definetly a must watch. I was just telling my friend that at my age every timepass movie is a timewaste. This is not timepass but time well utilized movie. Thank you. Chhichore is a flawed masterpiece , just like life. Once Manoj Bajpai said about choosing a commercial role that one ( the director ) should has to have full conviction about whatever he is telling in a film. This very analogy fits perfectly for this film. Nitesh Tiwari's hold on the craft and conviction is masterful about his film. The editing , sound design , scene blocking and screenplay is top notch and it hold your gut with a full extent.
The bright light of the conviction shattered the bad aspects of the film like poorly written character arcs, whole writing (you could sense the climax and whats gonna happen next with a mile away) some bad acting here and there and the worst prosthetics.
My primary aspect of watching a film is to enjoy and the whole criticism of the film actually educates me about what to expect and lower my expectation bars too. AND the conviction of Nitesh Tiwari on his craft impress me a lot rather then being critical. Ending was awesome not like any movie till now i have seen.. Thank you so much and Hearty Congratulations to the Director, the Whole Team of Chhichhore and All the Amazing Actors for coming up with such a Fantastic Blockbuster and Heroic Movie. Bollywood need Directors and Movies and Scripts like these. Great movie , inspiring<br/><br/>It is the effort that matters .. thanks to all cast and crew .. each of them deserves appreciation. This film is a complete dose of laughter😂😂😂. There was not even a gap of 5 mins when it didn't laugh. I usually don't watch hindi movies much because of silly drama and stupid love stories but this is an exception,i loved it even cried it was so heart touching and beautifully directed.the last same feeling i had only with 3 idiots.A movie u should definitely watch with your friends.Trust me u wont regret. It's a movie with a point for This generation! Many lessons embedded with some bollywood masala ofcourse. Superb movie 👌
Best part I like in the movie was that father is telling his bachelore story to his son who's fighting with his life.
Never regret if u ever fail in first attempt there is should be a second chance too. Guys, I'm from Indonesia. And non Indian. I can definitely say its a great movie. Very common themes that most people can relate to, and also very very good message that is very relevant to today's winner take all attitude. Really really recommended for family viewing Don't be misled by the title... It is a classic film. You start laughing and suddenly your eyes are moist... It's just that kind of movie where you don't just watch it, you live it. Except sushant and shraddha kapoor every other actor is a non celebrity.. But what a performance!! Whole theater prays for the injured boy to recover with folded hands.. The porn lover, the sissy boy, the macho bully.. the drunkard, every one is a gem... Better than 3 idiots.... Must watch
I suggest all the parents should watch with their kids in a school...... Script is best...Actors are fabulous in their roles...No nonsense Romance... Relatable to everyone.. You are never a loser as long as you give your best... Bollywood has made an extraordinary movie after a long time. It has an amazing comedy and meaningful message. Its ending is what makes the movie unique. It may not be great to watch with parents but every person in the family must watch this movie specially students and parents Movie goes through a up and down of emotions.
Believe me, you will flow very nicely along with the movie. Just perfect! Perfect acting, perfect direction etc etc..... A young boy who is upset... actually more than just upset for not clearing the engineering entrance, as a parent what should one do?? Well, probably the best of Sushant Singh Rajput after Dhoni.
A must watch for all the generations. Good one and execcution could have been better. College going students and young crowd will love it Must watch....it will make you laugh for complete 2h 30 mins. Chhichhore is the kind of movie to which anyone who has ever appeared in competitive exams and had lived in a hostel can relate to ...The narrative of the excess pressure to reach the college you want to v/s the fun you have and how your life changes once you are there is beautifully captured in the movie...Could relate to each scene and most of the characters...the acting is good and you can identify yourself in one of the characters for sure...would definitely recommend to watch. The story moves with the moral that success is not final and failure is not fatal... Its the courage and fighting spirit to overcome adversity that matters.... Excellent storyline and superb acting.. Yeah you read that right! It's better than 3 Idiots for number of reasons, to name few, this movie connects to a realistic situation which others have failed to comply with. The score is truly inspirational rather than a funny sounding cartoonish work.<br/><br/>And I am not a fan of social messaging using a movie but this one breaks that for me. It has a very basic natural saying that has been shown from a different perspective.<br/><br/>'We dream about things we would do if we succeed but why do we stop dreaming about failures?' This movie shows the most important aspect of life through the eyes of Raghav. Raghav( Shushant singh rajputs's son) is as interested in the college life of his father as much as we are. I personally think this movie had a bit slow pace in some parts. I will review this for who havent seen the movie yet.
The basically is around family there is a good message in movie but it seems the movie is basically on sports .
In their college life they havent shown them taking a single class writing a single exam.
There were at hostel,canteen and sports ground all the movie that thing doesnt potray a college life.
The movie is entertaining good humor comedy good message at the end . Kind of mixture of 3 idiots and jo jeeta woh sikander .
Watch it if you love sports and comedy and friendship Movie like chhichhore Not come us to every time .. so go on amd must watch it. Must watch movie 👏👏
It was worth a standing ovation.
Comedy + emotion + message + friendship + engineering + jugad ... Perfect combo The movie was brilliant; honestly speaking I didn't expect that much from this movie, the side characters portrayed we're just awesome. You should watch it definitely Simple story with full drama, every one's acting is super. Fabulous Movie ....Awesome sushant Singh rajput Act Is Very Gd ....Varun Sharma It's Amazing Perfomance Shrddha Act Also Gd Supporing Star Cast Work Nice .... Good message and very entertaining movie.feeling nostalgic while watching the movie. I urge all of you to watch it -- this will give a important lesson in life to learn and even the price of ticket will be worth it ;; it is also completely entertaining This movie was so entertaining and so inspiring... Gives every youth a social message that contains a deep concern about success.. the casting was superb ... Everyone plays their role very well... And i am definitely sure your single penny is going to worth if u are thinking to watch this movie... Worth watching, mixture of humour, comedy, emotions.
Movie passed really nice message. This is good and must watch movie. One of best movies i have ever watched about the college life after 3 idiots. #Chhichhore teaches u a valuable lesson - u r not a loser if u fail - but u r definitely a loser if u dont try hard. Rating 3/5.
Pluses: good intentions - sincere performances - some funny dialogues - genuine emotions - decent portrayal of students n hostel life.
Minuses: long running time - very kiddish ragging n sports scenes - characters dont look as old as they should due to improper makeup - no strong female character. One of the best movie of Bollywood. it is the mixture of emotional and comedy What a amazing movie it was.Really amazing and inspiring and also very comedy movie. This is my first review in my life , this movie forced me to review, movie is awsome , greatly entertaining with heart touching story, i mean to say this is not only bombastic comedy but this the best motivational message for young generations. Movie is all about carefree hostel life.Thus movie is full of excitement and teaches us many life lessons.At first I thought it would be a boring movie like soty2 but it was all fun and crazy.Sexa character was good and funny.So go and have a great experience at theatre. #Chhichhore a Terrific Entertainer ! One of the finest Entertainer of the year with lots of ROFL moments and Nitesh Tiwari kept the heart at the centre. A guaranteed Success for Nitesh Tiwari, he is a BIG THING IN BOLLYWOOD NOW.<br/><br/>Whole cast (Especially Sushant, Shraddha,Varun, Kota factory's Ranjan,Naveen and other young and energetic talents) lived every length, breadth & depth of their characters.A great blend of Emotions and Humour.. Nitesh Tiwari did a tremendous job this time after Dangal.
Supporting acting cast are impressive. Acting are of top notch and above all the storyline.<br/><br/>Go for it...!! The movie has everything You Need in it. The Drama, Comedy, Emotion, Story, Moral, & Acting. It is a true masterpiece. A Must Watch for everyone college guy A great movie with a mixture of every genre. A must watch and a delight Deserves to be blockbuster movie and best performances awards 2019 Just go and watch i am pretty sure nonbody is gonna regret bcoz it has everything comedy which will make you jump from your seats,emotions and message which will make you think upon them and full on 'chhichorapanti' its just something u will feel like keep watching like it never ends,its a must watch for everyone Such an Inspiring, meaningful and entertaining movie with simple and strong message screening the essence of life. Wonderful direction and superb acting, A must watch for sure... . Dont miss the ride. 100 stars , love this movie
each and every character is worth the money.
full entertainment with life lessons.. #Chhichhore is film never to be missed..itzz contemporary film which addresses the issues of parents handling thier children to excel in competitive world.
Itzz well handled/crafted by director #nitesh_tiwari of dangal fame.
Message is simple family comes first when compared to social status you attianed through money and job. ..
Don't get the peer pressure of your neibhours son's success to your child to excel.
Take time to understand your child respecting his interests/ strengths rather than leaving to education system.
Thumpsup to makers of the film ...
I feel really itzz right time every university have movie theatre and play such good films so that students know the importance of life and get inspired.
Nothing matters in life no matter you don't excel in studies the important point is how you learn from mistakes and how much effort one put through to attain something.
Itzz a inspiration film which gives more teaching than class room does.
I wish every parent should watch it.
I can write more and more and be a spoiler.
If you really want to experience a Good cinema watch it. A great movie that touches your heart and roll your stomach with laugh. All of us are losers but people who never tries is a big loser. What a story line Nitesh Tiwari sir you the best... Great movie. The story is based upon the graduation hostel life. It will remember u about your hostel life. Chichore is an amazing movie. Varun Sharma rocks!! Sushant Singh Rajput is cool and Shraddha is very lovely. this is one of the best movie in the recent times and its good mixture of 3 idiots and student of the year. A must watch movie. You are definitely going to remember your College days after watching it.Its a very funny and comedy movie. Director nitesh tiwari is the king of #10yearchallenge. How? 3 idiots was released in 2009, and director nitesh tiwari has tackled the similar concept of college life, beloved memories, and most importantly, friendship, so well!!! Usually i don't like Bollywood stuff , but this time i can't stop myself..<br/><br/>This is a wonderful beautifully crafted fresh hilarious movie came after a decade,
It's a top level message-full strong movie with engaging scenes or I can say mind blowing acting given by the finest actors.<br/><br/>I just watched it and still smiling while remembering the characters and scenes.<br/><br/>Ah !, Guyz please must watch this , its a really awesome superb movie ! #Chhichhore
Awesome 1st half with fun filled & emotions which reminds you of your college days & your friendship shown superb.
Songs 👎🏼<br/><br/>#Chhichhore
Must watch movie<br/><br/>Hilarious 2nd half with Decent msg. Don't miss this must watch one with your friends and family which reminds your old college days & memories.
@niteshtiwari22 Direction & screenplay 👌🏼.
@itsSSR justified his role.
@ShraddhaKapoor as usual 👌🏼 Direction, screenplay and game winning tactics could be done better. A must watch movie to revive your college days.so much comedy ,varun was outstanding . it is a worth watching After a long time Bollywood has come up with another well made film on friendship Chhichhore. The film is well within the class of Dil Chahta Hai and 3 idiots minus Aamir khan. The Dangal director Nitesh Tiwari has proved that he is a director of caliber and can deliver a good film even without Mr. Perfectionist at it's helm. The film is a right mixture of fun and emotions with a right and strong message at it's end. The film's narrative oscillates between the past and present but never for a moment the film looses it's grip or deviates from it's narrative. Direction by Nitesh Tiwari is superb. Story by Nitesh Tiwari, Piyush Gupta and Nikhil Mehrotra is gripping. Screenplay is tight. Cinematography is good given the fact that the film does not show any grand visuals or beautiful locations. Dialogues are witty and funny and at times deep to convey the message. Performance by Sushant Singh Rajput is top notch. He is good with every film. He acted very well in his last release Sonchiriya and in this one too he has delivered a soul stirring performance. Shraddha Kapoor is good and much better than what she did in her last week's release Saaho. Varun Sharma is funny. The rest of the guys were top notch. Music by Pritam is okay and most of the songs plays in background. On a whole Chhichhore is an engaging fare and you must not miss it. It gives you a feeling of nostalgia if you have ever lived at a hostel. 4 stars out of 5 This movie is full of laughter having emotional scenes and also full paisa vasool, go and watch this movie if you are planning it and if you are nor then definitely go. Complete package of entertainment. full of comedy, emotions, drama and at the end a good message. awesome movie. Go and watch, you will not regret. The movie was engaging and had a fair share of laughters. At the core it also carried along a very strong message. Must watch! Really superb movie, loved it!! Hats off director really genius..all cast r outstanding!! Awesome 👏 awesome 👏 Very entertaining, Nice story, brilliant acting by each one. Lovely Film. Another feather in Nitesh and Sajid's cap. Of the best in college life........ Must watch it... Chichore >10/10.one of the masterpiece by nitesh tiwari.
It's very rare moment when , in the end of movie, and during movie, all the viewers stand and clap for the movie.
The movie teaches you a life lesson.
If you were or are a hostelite, this is must watch movie. On an average after every 1and half minute there is a punch line and you can't stop holding your seat to laugh. Full blend of emotion+fun+background music+story. Superb movie. Great story line. Satisfactory performance. Very good background score. And last but not the least very strong social messages direct and also indirect. Director nitesh sir , again do good job to keep suspence ... and acting was superb by all actors After i watching movie,I remember my college life, and i remember all my chhichhore friends,
Story is outstanding, can go watch with family and friends, i go again watch the movie.....
So i gives 10 stars