HBO's hottest show is "BARRY".
Former SNL member and current boyfriend of the internet, Bill Hader, has gone ALL OUT.
This show has everything! Depression, ptsd, a morally conflicted hit-man, and if that's not funny enough, just wait till episode 7!<br/><br/>Okay, but seriously, this is an amazing show. Really well written and acted. The shifts from comedy to drama are so intense! I love how the mob guys are written, especially noho hank and the humour that character brings. I love how all of Barry's actions are in-line with his character and what we know about him so far. This show is so good. I am forcing everyone I know to watch. I agree with everything good said about this black comedy and can only emphatically add that the Chechen gang is exquisitely crafted and hilarious. Perhaps the most extraordinary character, the bald Noho ("Can I get you a submarine sandwich?"), is unforgettable. Just a brilliant performance. The ridiculous twins, one who is obsessed with killing Barry and then his tortuous brother who insists on building a set of stocks, are wonderfully absurd. Having just finished Chapter 7, and realizing that I have to wait for the finale just like the rest of you, I decided to give a reason as to why you should be watching. The film major in me sees the inevitable gold mine of information that this show is. Berg and Hader have began crafting an amazing world with this show. There isn't a single character that feels out of place. Barry has this incredibly relatable motivation of 'What am I doing with my life?" Yet it is portrayed in a way that pulls you away from the dogged question in reality. Barry is the epitome of dark comedy, you'll laugh hard with one breath and gut wrench in the next. There is no action that does not have a consequence, the conflicts that arise only resolve in more conflict. The actors acting as actors learning to act is sublime. I could go for days about why Barry is a new staple for HBO, but I suggest you watch it and see for yourself. If you're studying film/script-writing/acting you need to add this to your watch list, it's a goldmine of skills. Sometimes you watch a show and it's like everything about it just works and that is the case with Barry. The acting is outstanding all the way around. Congratulations to Bill Hader for making every scene he is in perfection. I love all the characters really and could go on and on but I want to just mention Henry Winkler. What a great role for him! Fantastic character and I would watch the show just to see more of Gene if I didn't love everyone else too. Mostly spectacular writing though. The writers killed it on this show (pun intended). Congratulations to everyone. Bill Hader really showed his chops in this episode but I have to say that Chris Marquette as Chris Lucado, stole the scene! His freak out in the car was amazing! Why this actor doesn't have more top movie/tv roles I don't know. This episode was the best of them all! This is the first review I've written for imdb despite using the site for years. The reason? This show. I loved it. I feel like it's a show that might fly under the radar and get missed by many people who would love it. <br/><br/>Bill Hader is excellent in it. I have a whole new respect for him as an actor. The supporting cast is just as fantastic. Henry Winkler plays his role perfect. My favorite though, is Anthony Carrigan as NoHo Hank. He provides comic relief in a way that hits my sense of humor dead on. I hope to see more of him in this show and future roles. <br/><br/>Give this show a try. I seem some reviews comment on episode 7, and I agree that episode brings the show to the next level for me. I'm writing this just after I watched that episode. I loved it long before this episode, but if it hasn't got you fully hooked after a few, hold on until then. I felt like I was watching Bill Hader win an Emmy in real time. Absolutely loved it! This is the best show on TV (atm).<br/><br/>Bill Hader does a great job directing, acting and writing. The great blend of drama, comedy and sprinkled action will allow anyone to enjoy this series.<br/><br/>This is a unique series with great contributions from guest directors like Hiro Murai who offers a unique style but blends well without missing a beat.<br/><br/>You'll find yourself thinking about these characters and moments during your day-to-day, and considering which character was more "in the right".<br/><br/>The only hang up some people might find is the slower tempo of the series. Intense moments are filled in each episode, but you may find yourself tempted to check your phone every once in awhile. As a comedy, this show is not as successful as sillicon valley, and until the end of the chapter 6, this show is kind of boring. But chapter 7 makes this show really great, and you will realise many points of the previous chapters are connected in this one chapter.<br/><br/>The greatness of this chapter is, Barry has to kill an innocent person, Chris, which is a violation of his own moral code. He can not stand it. It seems like breaking bad, but you could see the difference very easily. And also, this episode is so informative in such short time. I watched this episode for many times, each time I could notice something new. <br/><br/>Chapter 7 is true art, and this is not comedy any more. I don't know why I put off watching Barry so long cause it's absolutely perfect. Barry is simply one of the best tv shows of all time.
Barry is highly addictive and consistently engaging in ways I never imagined. All 8 hours fly by incredibly quick. Barry is funny, shocking, thrilling and you every character is insanely well written.
Whilst season 1 is terrific, season 2 takes things to a whole new level in everyway. It's fresh and original. I don't really have any massive flaws with the show. There's a few insignificant flaws but few and far between.
Bill Hader is absolutely incredible. Delivering not only the finest performances in his career but one of the finest tv performances ever. I would love to see him in more serious stuff like this.<br/><br/>The episodes genuinely all range from A- to A+ and some episodes such as Make Your Mark, Ronny/Lilly, The Audition and Berkman > Block go down as some of the greatest episodes of tv history. I would go as far to see as on the same quality as Ozymandias from Breaking Bad.
The action scenes and most particularly in S2E5 and S2E8 are incredibly well done.<br/><br/>Overall Barry is incredible. It's dark, funny, complex and brilliantly written. Season 2 ends perfectly. Those finale moments are insanely great and season 3 is hopefully gonna be incredible. When I first read the description of Barry, I immediately dismissed the show as being either too high concept or too gimmicky to be fun. I was wrong. Not only is this show a total hidden gem, but it contains some of the funniest and most morally complex characters on TV.<br/><br/>From the start, Barry gets almost everything right. The writing is caustic and funny, always delivered with both heartfelt sincerity and a darkly funny edge (you have to look no further than the character of Noho Hank to see where the soul of the show lies). The violence is frequently punchy and always well done, sometimes quite shocking in it's unexpectedness. The performances across the board are stellar, especially from Winkler, Hader, Carrigan and Root, who all play extremely eccentric men who's goals come at odds.<br/><br/>All that being said, I think it's imperative for more people to watch this show. This is "peak TV". Like Breaking Bad and The Sopranos, Barry portrays a conflicted character with depth and surprising beauty. Don't miss out on it. Everything about this show is great, I'm only writing this bc imdb wont let me grade it without writing a review I love this show Right from the get go I knew this would be a gem, from the trailers to the clips, there was something unique and charming about it. Happily I was not disappointing as the show now has my full attention and I really liked it, looks like another HBO. So you know the premise, killer gets dragged into an acting class, finds out he loves it even though he sucks, now he wants to balance killing with his new found passion. But without giving anything away, there is more to the story than just that. The writing was as witty and charismatic as I expected, kind of reminded me of Dexter. The producers are known for some pretty big shows like Seinfeld, Silicon Valley, and of course Bill Hader himself. So its no surprise we have another fun little show on our hands.<br/><br/>Bill Hader's performance is just as unexpectedly good as everything else in this show, his character is very intriguing, unique, and fun to watch. Same goes for all the other actors like Stephen Root and Sarah Goldberg, such a great chemistry everyone has makes for a good show so far. I'm fully invested in the show and very much look forward to seeing the entire thing. The story clearly has many directions to go in and I can't wait to see what was created. Let me say it fast and simple 
Im really looking forward to see this show to grow.<br/><br/>Very funny and Bill Hader acting is just A+ I was not expecting such an adventure and i don't even like this genre but i love this show. Bill Hader has blown me away. The writing is the most brilliant writing ever. Please watch this. When bill harder playing role of dexter. It was amazing! Barry is absolutely deserving of all the praise it gets and Bill Hader is excellent in this! This show has everything in it...comedy, drama, action, suspense, etc, etc. I promise you will not be disappointed once you start watching it! I expect Hader to be great, and he is. An excellent mixture of comedy and tragedy. The supporting cast is an ensemble of superb actors playing satire, serious and at times, outrageous. My wife and I had to start saving a few episodes for later so that we didn't blow through the whole season in one weekend, which would have been easy to do. The main characters are brilliantly conceived and performed, and the supporting characters are equally gifted. Winkler, Carrigan, and Root steal every scene they are in. Newsome is a lusty detective with a nose for deceit...she is wonderful to watch in action. This is a workable ensemble and I hope that we get to see many seasons of Barry. Congratulations to all the cast for an enjoyable first season. This show has it all! Humor, sincerity, drama, suspense! Characters are fantastic, acting is fantastic. If you have access to HBO, WATCH IMMEDIATELY I was very surprised by this show! I had an HBO subscription so I started watching Barry because I've always liked Bill Hader.
Dark comedy is always one of my favorite genres and it's hard to find good shows. Barry did not disappoint!
The plot itself sounds absurd, a hit man who goes to LA and falls in love with acting? Please. But it somehow works!! It's the perfect amount of funny and serious. Bill Hader was made for the role of Barry and he plays it so well!
The plot is well paced, it moves along fast enough to keep you interested but slow enough as to not feel rushed. This show has become one of my all time favorites and I cannot wait for season 3!! I'm really impressed with this show. Bill Hader should be taken seriously as both director and co-writer, and of course she KILLS it as Barry. He's very sympathetic, hilarious and legitimately believe as a badass hitman/Iraq war vet. This show combines, dark comedy, drama and action perfectly and all the characters are wonderful presences on screen. I don't dislike one character. Themes of free will, purpose, life, death, art, etc. are handled very well and actually make you think about your own life. This show is way better than it has any right being. So impressed. Think Dexter or Breaking Bad for the grittiness and the spells of suddence violence, yet with a lot more humor, as well crafted as masterpieces of comedy such as Seinfeld and Curb Your Enthusiasm... Barry doesn't disappoint. At every turn you're surprised by the cleverness of the writers, how they keep Barry out of trouble yet continue to dig deep in this character, both with humanity and laughs. When you think about it, the tone is sometimes quite similar to Killing Eve. Except that Killing Eve leans on the dark side, with spy stuff and serial killers, while Barry always keeps comedy as its main goal. Of course the lead actor is just amazing and I can't believe Bill Hader also co creates the show... Special mention too to Henry Winkler and Anthony Carrigan, I can't get enough of them. I haven't laughed this hard since Seinfeld... The best episode ever was season 2 episode 5, so funny and weird at the same time, I just love Bill Hader so much I was very excited about starting this show, being a big fan of Bill Hader from his SNL days, but this bypassed all of my expectations. This show will leave you not wanting to stop, i can not more highly recommend this show. It isn't just a hilariously funny show, but a drama filled action packed roller coaster. Bill Hader proved himself as a competent drama actor in his movie The Skeleton Twins (2014) but he took this show to another level. I Can say nothing but good things about this show, The actors who play the Chechens are hilarious and are perfect for this show. I would HIGHLY SUGGEST. 10/10 So far so good. Excuse my grammar... <br/><br/>This show is already off to a good start with the balancing act of cinema. Not too over the top and has a few surprises every now and then. It is genuinely funny and not in a contrived way. The first thing I look for in a show is how they start it. I believe that if you're gonna do something that you better do it right or don't come at all. The movement and placement of the camera made the show official in my eyes because it's one of the things that I look for in terms of "will this be good". The story and acting is pretty good. The main character is great and portrays what the show is about. For all the Dexter Morgan fans, there is this new show on HBO called Barry. For the entire world it might be a dark comedy but for Dexter fans it will be comedic interpretation of Dexter Morgan's life. I always wanted a Dexter musical but, anyway Barry is great fun to watch. What is special about it is that you have so much of contend in 8 episodes and you can finish that in 4 hours. This show is at par with Silicon valley as it is created by Alec berg and way better than Game of thrones.
P.S. Everything is better than Game of thrones. There are a lot of series to choose from on TV now and quantity often lowers quality. This series seems fresh, intelligent all in its first 30 minutes. Watched it twice. Looking forward to next episode. Hader and Berg create an ingenious comedy series. This series has excellent direction, writing, cinematography, setting and acting. The entire cast deliver superb performances with Hader and Winkler standing out. Their subtle timing and comedic delivery is brilliant. The plot revolves around a depressed hit man Barry who is from the Midwest and is looking to get out of the business. He is sent to Los Angeles to take out a mark who happens to be a budding actor. The hit man encounters his target at an acting class where two things happen. One he finds a love interest in a women Sally and two he finds a love for acting which could be his salvation and new calling in life. He also meets the acting studio's teacher Gene who sees promise in Barry and needles him to continue on with his talent and passion for acting. His only problem is that his handler Fuches refuses to let his favorite assassin go gently into that good night. Fuches has the goods on Barry and this is where the joy ride begins. The plot is clever, witty, duplicit, violent, uproarious, crisp and unique. One example of symbolism in this series is that Barry is a natural at acting because he has been acting for a majority of his life living as two different personalities. This series is definitely a one of a kind killer, pun intended, comedy and one of the best in it's genre. This viewer looks forward to more seasons to come. This show is funny. Specially season 2 episode 5. That episode made me literally cry it was so funny. Definitely a great show to get into. The episodes are short so it won't take up too much time! I was not sure about this show at first, since it has more of a silly storyline but Bill Hader's talent steals the show. The chemistry of all the characters as well as the actors that play them helps the production immensely. Barry is just as suspenseful as it is funny, and both worked together to achieve a very unique and valuable show. The silly interactions make me laugh, yet the plot thickens and keeps me on my toes. Can't wait for season three! One of the funniest/craziest shows out there.Bill Hader is a really good actor. Hope it comes back!!!! This was not that show which i was intending to watch i watched it just to pass the time but this thing came out much more stronger with eveey episode. U will not regret watching it. The best part is they have combined action with comedy and a important piece of seriousness which seems unreal but u can see it on the screen.
The cast is very good, funny. Barry is amazing as in lead role. The show will make u bind to itself. There are various scenes where u will find yourself dying out of laughter, but at tge same time u would be predicting the next scene.
Overall it is a show which would be remembered for a long time. After i saw the first season for the first time, i didn't really know what was that... so i thought i give it another shot. After that i just couldn't put it down. I watched it several times, and i still got the feeling that i see this for the first time.
At religious studies i convinced my teacher to watch it because before that we saw Chenobyl (to learn ethics). I'm from Hungary and i didn't know it had a hype. But i started to hype here, so be prepeared for some hungarians! This show blew me away. It's an extremely well made show. It has some funny moments but it's mostly a drama. Bill Hader is amazing It was really fun to watch Barry. I bingewatched season one and two in one day. Oh man Bill Hader is so funny and deadly. Its a good series just watch it and u won't regret. Barry is about a hitman who becomes an amateur actor in LA. Problem is that his life as hitman keeps coming back to haunt him. Silly premise with some funny moments and a great performance by Henry Winkler. Worth watching just for him. Great show with great talent. Hader is really able to showcase his abilities and who knew he was such an amazing actor! As an avid tv watcher I think this show is about as perfect as television can possibly get through its first two season. Such a brilliant blend of darkness and comedy, and all the characters seem so real and down to earth even though so many of them seem over the top at first. Brilliant acting in this show. Bill Hafer is a genius. Noho Hank might be the best character in a tv show I've seen in years. Barry is a perfectly crafted television show. it blends comedy and drama so well and is great at both. bill hader is incredible as barry, and the other actors are great too, the standouts being stephen root and anthony carrigan. watch barry, it's worth it. Barry was so cool. I seem to like Barry the most. His acting seems the most genuine to me. The show was able to keep me interested for the whole season both seasons. This is Bill Hader's show, first and foremost. And its great. It's constantly hilarious, constantly intense, with great characters and situations, and also largely ignores typical, sjw bs. Sally's character can be a little obnoxious at times, but that takes nothing away from the pure enjoyment of the show, altho the cliff hanger of an end in season 2 is incredibly frustrating. NoHo Hank is a marvel of a character, with some of the funniest moments in the series. Add great cinematography, direction, and extremely solid writing, and we have a show that is nothing if not compelling. Great stuff, 8/10 Well worth watching. Hader is outstanding and the supporting cast as well. This show has some of the best writing I've seen since Breaking Bad. Very smart, and extremely funny. Absolutely brilliant Hat's off to Bill Hader and the cast on this series. What makes this such a strong showing is not only the writing, but the caliber of the cast, WOW!/ I am now a huge fan of Anthony Carrigan who absolutely kills in this. Steve Root, Sarah Goldberg and of course Henry Winkler deliver flawless performances. As for Hader, who knew? FANTASTIC. I guess we won't be seeing Stefon's party recommendations anymore. We just love this and hope to see more... I don't know what these other people are watching. I am shocked to hear these reviewers talk about how bad this show is especially the second season. I changed my rating based off of the second season; it has added even more "seasoning" (lol) to the first season. The second season has just continued the story that was started in the first season but made everything even more interesting. For those that say that the writing isn't good I feel like they are expecting a perfect script when this is a comedy that packs so much into one short episode each time. Many of the scenes have that "improve" feel to it, like the actors are so comfortable with the storyline that they can just improve and stay with the storyline and add a lot more real-life emotions to the show. In conclusion this show does not deserve a 3 star rating when there are other horrible shows out there that actually deserve such ratings. I started watching Barry because my dad said it was hilarious. He wasn't wrong, but he didn't do it justice. The first five episodes of Barry are in fact hilarious, but the last three are absolutely dark. For an eight episode season, the character development of Barry is out of this world. I cannot wait for season two. There's just something twisted and uncomfortable about how satisfying Barry is to watch. Strongly recommend. Another great HBO series, love it. Barry is such a relate-able character with a great support cast I'm hooked. This is dark comedy at its best as Barry and minder get deeper and deeper into trouble i cant wait to see how he maneuvers his way to his dream life as an actor. Just finished episode seven and felt compelled to come write a review. The first six episodes had been good, dark comedy with occasional violence juxtaposed. But this episode just changed the entire feel and tone of the show. We've crossed the line and I can't wait to see where they take it. Beautiful writing and even better performances (Barry, Fuches, the goddamn Chechans, and Cousineau, but have to call out Chris in particular). Great polished show. Great cast, acting, etc. Isn't boring even for a second, which is why I like it.<br/><br/>Edit/Update: I originally gave this a 9, but it's definitely a 10, at least so far. Anything you can binge-watch and is this polished is a 10, in my opinion.<br/><br/>They nailed this show with being able to create fictional stories within the main plot (fictional shows and movies the actors star/work in), and the whole Hollywood aspect of it (who doesn't like Hollywood?).<br/><br/>I just hope they don't end it, as Bill Hader probably has enough "actor-stamina" to pump out limitless seasons, and HBO really doesn't have many great shows right now (ever since Westworld got weird). No, I'm not saying Barry is anything like Breaking Bad in terms of quality or cultural relevance. What it is though is a great juxtaposition of two very different worlds, and Hader does a great job playing a guy who has been forced into a box he doesn't belong in, or at least doesn't want to be in. He's also another comedic actor playing a more serious role here, and while the show has only shown brief flashes, it has the potential to be something really good.<br/><br/>The one major mistake the creators could make though is to move more towards "comedy", because Barry is absolutely at it's best when it's a drama with some funny moments, like BB. Again, I'm not saying Barry is on the level of BB at all, more so it just reminds me of the potential of BB in season 1 before it became the non-stop thrill ride and tour de force it eventually became in subsequent seasons. Barry has the potential to be that on a "junior" level scale, but if the creators lean towards highlighting the "comedy" aspect as time goes on it's just gonna suck. In a perfect world this would be a 1hr show that was more drama than comedy, but even with what we have so far I'm very excited to see where this show goes next. This series has everything! Drama, comedy, the emotional depth of the Marianas Trench.
Seriously, if you haven't seen this yet, YOU ARE MISSING OUT. Best show I've watched in years. The acting is phenomenal and the story is outrageous, tragic, and thought-provoking. It describes the dualities of the human condition and how complex people can be while still being goofy. Just watch it. I am a little breathless after the finale of season One. (spoilers to follow)<br/><br/>The killing of Chris was...sigh, weep for both him and Barry....necessary, I suppose, but fully and complete tragic.<br/><br/>The death of Janice in the finale...was even more terrible. <br/><br/>And yet, and yet...there is an important moral to this show, an animating premise...<br/><br/>Reformation, becoming a different person, rehabilitation, the putting of PTSD behind you...all of this is possible, (but seems to have been washed free from current American culture).<br/><br/>This is an important message of...hope. To everyone, this is also a Christian idea, (x Calvinism)....I am just so pleased that Bill Hadler is trying to teach America something new, or, trying find something we have forgotten and are deeply poorer for this loss.<br/><br/>But gads...this has been tough...tough love in the most extreme form...it has been a while since Television has compelled me to turn off all lights, sit myself down in front of the set and watch with open wonder at what complexity can be accomplished when creative forces are set free.<br/><br/>Watch this to burnish up your humanity! I would've given this an easy 10 if bill hader was actually more involved in his own show. The fact that the best episodes and highest rated are written and in the rare occasion directed by him (6 times:the first 3 episode,S2E5 Rony/Lilly and S2's finale) resulted in the best comedy i've ever seen in a tv show these past decade. Barry is a hitman who wants out, but keeps finding himself stuck in situations that he needs to kill to get out of. They're mostly situations that he accidentally gets himself stuck in, thanks to the cast of idiots and buffoons that are a part of his life.<br/><br/>I didn't find myself laughing out loud too often, but there is just so much comedy to this that are just little moments of silliness that create even more problems in Barry's life.<br/><br/>All of the characters are so well done that you cannot help but love all of them. From Barry's handler, to the idiotic Chechen mob, to all of his cohorts at the acting class. It's more a comedy of errors than a laugh out loud one. Barry wants out, but then each of the people in his life keep adding more and more kills that he has to do, preventing him from his life of ending others'.<br/><br/>Barry is a likeable character, but he does do some pretty bad things that question whether or not you like him or that he even deserves a happy life. Little mistakes get made by him or the people around him that keep him just out of grasp of the happiness he is looking for.<br/><br/>With the ending of Season 1, I have no ide where they will take the show, but I am excited to binge that one in a 4 hour session too. It could have easily ended at one season and still been a neatly wrapped up story, but I am glad that we will get to see another season with these fantastic character, that is of who is left after season 1! I went into this show expecting nothing to be honest. Boy was I taken back with how great this show really is. Barry combines comedy, drama, action, and romance all in one. The mesh of genres is strange but works really well together. The best part about the show in my opinion is how they can make you love "bad" guys. My favorite characters in the show are probably not ideal role models. The show is clever and actually touches on some touchy issues but handles them beautifully. Give this show a chance and you won't regret it! First review ever... absolutely adore this series for its perfect BLEND of intelligent writing by combining both action and humour (a lot of the time "dark" humour).
However, surely I can't be the only person that dislikes S02E05 where it tries something different with its own standalone episode? I'd rather it be considered non cannon because even though it tries something new, I don't think it hits the mark (pun intended) with its poorly choreographed fight scenes and unbelievable outcomes throughout.
Still, 10/10 I didn't know Bill Hader was such a good actor! But NoHo Hank has got to be my favorite part of this show! I legit wanna hang out with that character! Great show! Deep & Funny! Oh man episode 5 was the best episode of all time man. It's just insane. I can feel pain in my jaws man. Good stuff man. Bill hader is incredible, as are noho hank and henry winkler, but i think Stephen root is the real mvp. I have never liked dark series, like Breaking Bad or GOT, but nonetheless I started watching Barry. At first I thought it was just a simple comedy, something I usually see Hader in, but it's much more than that. It's truly mind-blowing, I was at the edge of my seat the majority of the time. I would highly recommend it to everyone, because I think it's simply amazing.
It's entertaining, the acting is outstanding and to top all of it, the plot is very impressive. Silicon valley was a great show. This has the potential to be better. The genre mixing of the modern age has granted us better content. Bill hader is at home here. Funny and brutal. Suspenseful and real. The concept behind Barry is what fascinated me prior to watching the show. I have always loved Bill Hader's comedy. He was absolutely amazing in Superbad and of course on SNL. However, playing a hitman seemed very odd to me.<br/><br/>Hader's portrayal of Barry Berkman surprised me. I have found that comedic actors can play deeply dramatic roles. Bill Murray, Melissa McCarthy, and Adam Sandler are all examples. Barry is never intentionally funny and is sweet to others around him. Barry is like a little boy during certain scenes. He is shown to be very sensitive and cares about those around him. He goes so far as to having daydreams of a possible, happy future.<br/><br/>The comedy does not emanate from Bill Hader. Henry Winkler and Anthony Carrigan are left to draw laughs who portray Barry's acting teacher and a Chechen mobster respectively. Winkler plays a disgraced former actor who uses his acting wisdom to guide others. He can spark outrage from actors and make them feel sad to deliver a beautiful scene. There is more about his character that is revealed during the show as well. Carrigan's portrayal of Chechen gangster Noho Hank is the series best moments of levity. He steals every scene that he is in and is a delight to see such a talented young actor.<br/><br/>Other key actors that are notable mentions are Sarah Goldberg and Stephen Root. They play a very important part of the show. Both are similar in how manipulative and mean they are towards Barry. A lot of the problems Barry faces are because of their characters.<br/><br/>The show has an intriguing cop angle, in addition to multiple other storylines. The show's premise is very original, but the way the storylines unfold are very basic and obvious. The show does deserve to be watched and is most definitely entertaining! Just started with the first season and am totally hooked ! Wasn't expecting it to be this good when I saw the rating here, but I liked the plot and gave it a shot, and am so glad that I did.<br/><br/>This is great writing, and all the actors are just brilliant! This show reminds me of how the initial seasons of Breaking Bad were, before it hit the mainstream. This show has a great plot and potential to reach the top, and with such an awesome cast I won't be surprised if this hits mainstream soon as well.<br/><br/>What makes this show good is the balance of humour and emotions. It has it's funny elements thanks to Gene, Fuches and NoHo Hank, just love these characters, special mention to Goran Pazar too. Bill Hader plays the lead (Barry) exceptionally well, emotions were spot on and one could actually connect with the character and he is well supported by Sarah Goldberg who plays Sally Reed.<br/><br/>Overall, I am totally digging it right now. Highly recommended. I'm SO sick of reading reviews where people use the phrase " tragic flaws" and this plot is so unrealistic...no s**t it's a TV show, not real life !
How about just enjoying entertainment for a change.
Of course it's not literal, it's meant to be taken with a grain of salt.
> This show is highly unlikely to happen in real life but it's partly a dark comedy, it's got good actors and the plot is exaggerated, WHICH makes it enjoyable.
> If you like Hader and Henry Winkler you'll love this show.
* Stop listening to the people that want all TV shows to be documentaries or the news. As several clever blurb writers have already pointed out, there are lots of bad actors here: a bungling Chechen crime family plus the latently talented newbies in Gene Cousineau (Henry Winkler!)'s cutrate acting class, just to start with. The Chechens are mostly funnier than the actors; funniest of all is gangster/hipster NoHo Hank (Anthony Carrigan); his faux-Russian accent is a phonetic tour de force. <br/><br/>Of course, the series is built around Bill Hader's sweet-natured basic-guy persona. The premise may seem a little gimmicky at first, but Hader outdoes himself as the bummed-out ex-Marine turned contract killer who finds his life's purpose in Cousineau's stripmall atelier. The part of Cousineau himself's a slam-dunk for Henry Winkler; he's a veteran bit player/acting coach who can totally talk the talk, though we only get to see him walk the walk for about ten seconds (auditioning for the part of Man at Back of Line). <br/><br/>Paula Newsome does well with the more challenging role of Det. Moss, a shrewd LA cop who (somehow) can't resist Cousineau's smarmy come-ons; Sarah Goldberg draws the short straw as Barry's blond love interest, but she still gets to represent with a resonant #MeToo subplot and a gender-blind Macbeth soliloquy. (Why do the women always have to do the heavy lifting?)<br/><br/>There have been a lot of cable shows about aspiring actors and comics lately, but what really stands out with this one is the skillful plotting and pacing. After the "Travis Bickle meets the cast of Waiting for Guffman" concept has had some time to settle in, the writers--including Hader and sitcom laureate Alec Berg--take the old line about tragedy being repeated as farce and spin it around. The farcical tone of the first few eps has turned pretty dark by mid-season, and video director Hiro Murai (eps 5 and 6) gets a lot of the credit there. An ingenious plot twist in the closer clears the stage for a second season, though Barry's still going to have lots of 'splainin' to do in S2:E1... This show is about ex war veteran who turned to hitman who ends up to acting class by accident and starts to find his humanity.<br/><br/>Hader is brilliant as usual as lead role as killer and you start rooting for him early on. All the characters are wery well written and acted. (amazingly Henry Winkler _allmost_ steals the show).<br/><br/>The whole haunting feeling knowing cops are few steps behind of Berry all the way the whole show kept me gripped when "Barry" is struggling to be like normal human being but past keeps dragging him back no matter how he tries.<br/><br/>To keep this spoiler free, this show reminds me stuff like (true detective, last man on earth, fargo and movie nightcrawler) for some reason. Quite dark toned but full of dark huomour that made me laugh out loud on every episode.<br/><br/>I head about this show late untill Bill Burr recommended it when Hader was a guest and watched all eight episodes in the row. That Is rare so this is higly recommended. I haven't had a TV in years. So every so often I head to youtube to watch old episodes of stuff then come to this website to catch up on what's new out there. If I find something that catches my interest, I hunt it down till I find it on the net. For the 6 months, when I'm burned out by gaming, I have been watching old clips from the last few years of SNL (among other things). And I really enjoy the versatility and range of Bill Hader. But I had no idea of how truly broad his range was. Someone mentioned this show in the comment section so I came here to look it up then decided to hunt it down to watch. My first thought was, damn, he's pretty good in this. By the end of the second episode, I was hooked. The finale, well, when I finished I immediately went to find if it got renewed for season 2. If this man and this show don't win an Emmy, I'd be highly surprised. 
Now, keep in mind I have been in a TV drought for the last 10 years (I'm one of the working poor and had to choose between TV or internet cause I can't afford both). Therefore, I have never seen Dexter (though when I talk to my son on the phone, he keeps telling me I need to find it and watch it sometime), nor a lot of these other shows people seem to want to keep comparing it to. So the premise is fresh and new to me. Some of the dark humor might have been a shred over the top but not overtly done. The darkness is what really shines, those holy s*** moments. It took a couple of episodes to really flesh out the characters and for the cast to hit their stride with one another. Hader's (Barry) performance is magic for me along with Anthony Carrigan (NoHo Hank) and Stephen Root (Monroe Funches). Cudo's and well done!! Can't wait for the next season (darker and grittier according to Hader)!! If I had to simply write about one simple angle about this story its the simple fact that if you are going to involve your viewers in the life of a hitman, the hitman needs to kill people.<br/><br/>If it's about a skydiver, but he never jumps out of a plane, or an actor who never acts, or a salesman who never sells, what is the point of the endeavor?<br/><br/>As Barry tries harder and harder to not kill, it loses story. He's a killer, we want to see how he kills and why. The fact of the matter is some people need killing and the audience wants to see it because, well Barry is a hitman and we are invested in who he is. If he wants to be an actor and a hitman that is fine, but to take that away from who he is, simply deflates the desire to watch.<br/><br/>Take away womanizing from Sam Malone and all you have is a tall boring person. It's one of those series that are really easy to watch, it's not laugh out loud its comical.. well written and I'm looking forward to the next season Bill Hader was always hilarious in every thing he has done but BARRY takes it to another level. Hader is a hell of an actor as well as actor/comedian. He definitely earns his wings and carries the show. Prob bc he wrote and directed some of it but definitely worth the watch There are some funny moments and acting is fine. Yet something is missing and in the end the series just leaves you cold. It's quite boring actually. Too bad, I really wanted to like this one... This latest "HBO" series called "Barry" is a nice blend of comedy and drama which entertains never bringing a dull episode and you as the viewer will become hooked! Even though the plot is a little far out each episode is a journey of choice and fate.<br/><br/>Comic Bill Hader is "Barry" a Midwest man who's life centers around being a hit man and killing as he even does jobs for the mob! So when a job takes him out west to L.A. things occur and his life takes a spin that it lands him in an acting class! And you guessed it "Barry" has caught the showbiz fever!<br/><br/>Each episode he feels conflicted between each way of life as he's tied between killing and acting. Along the way "Barry" meets young and want to be star of anything with a cast and that's Sally(Sarah Goldberg) who takes a liking to "Barry" and the sparks and flames of love also fly between them! Also in a good supporting turn is the work from veteran Henry Winkler as a tough and direct acting class coach. Overall well done series that's entertaining by blending comedy and drama watch it I give it thumbs up! The memorable characters really help sell the show and it's the right mix of dark comedy and action that sets it just right. And from a storytelling aspect, It's right up there with the quality of HBO's shows This complete first series is a masterclass in tone. 
Berg and Hader have crafted an extremely enjoyable and tense piece with high stakes and big laughs. They've created an environment where everyone thrives. Great work. Great addicting show. More drama than comedy but still a lot of funny moments. Binged! Not much to say but I wasn't expexting much, now look formward to the next episode. Every episode gets better Having watched both seasons of Barry, I can safely say that it's one of the best shows on television. It's just so incredibly satisfying to watch something as good as this. A perfect mixture of comedy and tragedy.<br/><br/>It's very well written and stunningly directed.
Also, the acting is phenomenal and the entire cast is outstanding.
I am really impressed with Bill Hader's acting chops and it's a pleasure to watch him take on a dramatic role like this.
Alec Berg and Bill Hader have created an amazing show with a lot of action, interesting characters and big comedic moments.
And the show keeps getting better and better with every episode.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the next season! Great work! Bill hader is on a next level with this show. It's well written ,can't stop watching it. Emmys all around in future. This show keeps getting better and better and better!!! I Thought that the first season was great but the second season turned out to be even better than the first. Its much funnier and the characters are developing even more. This show has thriller moments, laugh out loud funny moments, and feel good moments and some deep character development. Its very unique and I cant wait to see where the show goes next. There are some very talented actors in this show. Bill Hader is amazing!!! I think its one of the most entertaining shows on TV today. Ok this is a short message but I just had to say this is so hilarious! This is good writing and all the casting is spot on. Great actors!!!!! First, this review is based exclusivly on season 1, and while it could very well deserve a 10, I'll stick with the 9 just in case anything better should come along. It also marks the time I gave that high a rating to a comedy show. And this is comedy. Not a sitcom, but dark comedy mixed with thriller, with a well plotted storyline that keeps you hooked from start to finish. Great acting too and well defined characters. The thing is that I can't really find any faults with this, and if it had been an 8 episodes mini series, the 10 would be a given. But with any show this good we will have more seasons (at least 1), and I can only hope that it won't go the way of other shows that were allowed to run too long and suffered declining quality as the writers ran out of ideas. This is binge worthy. The kids are finally asleep I got my snacks and I decided to invite ( watch) Barry on HBO. Binge Worthy After 3 episodes, im hooked on this show. I hope HBO doesn't cancel this one. The show has great actors and keeps me laughing. I cant wait to see whats next. This rare gem should be in your watchlist. Bill hader has proven that he can act in serious roles. This series mixes dark themes in comedy effortlessly. I just finished watching the whole season and it was great! I was surprise at just how well Bill Hader was in it, he is great as a serial killer/hitman.
Don't just judge the show on the pilot, it really does feel different to the rest of the show.
I loved the acting, writing and the lighting was good too.<br/><br/>There was a scene where he was talking to people and one half of his face has blue and red lights flashing on it, while the other side was normal lighting. My take was that he was living a double life or that he was two faced. That's my opinion anyway.<br/><br/>But if you're looking for a straight comedy, this isn't the show, while there are some moments of humour, the overall show isn't a comedy.
It's also not a hard show to watch, it's not like you have to invest 100% in it like Westworld for example.<br/><br/>I highly suggest watching it! Didn't even know about this til this year but what a great concept for a show. Not just a hired gun killing people but has so much to offer. Funny, serious, crazy. It's awesome Very weird and captivating. Taut fantastic writing and script. I'm not usually a Bill Hader fan but he really shines in this production and is incredibly impressive. Henry Winkler is absolutely sensational in this and a national resource. I love these performances and all are pretty much outstanding. It made me laugh, and then made me cry. This show is devastating and gut-wrenching, triumphant and tragic, nauseating and laugh-out-loud funny. Barry is a must-see and is truly incredible. The show is full of annoying characters and situations. Everything is over-extended, you can tell it's an American show because of it. They probably want to make 6-7 seasons of this.<br/><br/>Firstly, a part of this show is about aspiring actors. As always, they portray aspiring actors in the most stereotypical way possible. Hyper, over-excited, self-absorbed etc. No real depth in any of the characters. No character development at all. People just do funny, weird things because that's what they do.<br/><br/>Secondly, if you are expecting to watch a former hit-man try some acting, don't bother. The main actor hardly ever acts in his "acting class". He just appears confused and stares with a blanks expression whenever on stage. That's what every "acting class" scene was like. The teacher then proceeds to give him a acting lesson and we have to watch 5 mins of an "untalented" actor getting some childish lesson.<br/><br/>Finally, they attempt to appear artistic by adding sudden dream sequences and I think excruciating slow pace is also an attempt to appear more artistic. You can tell they wanted to milk as many episodes as they could.<br/><br/>
Honestly, the only thing good about is this show is the music they use in the end credits. I was genuinely relieved when an episode ended. The only redeeming quality is that Bill Hader's character is likeable guy and you can watch him. I loved the premise of this series. It's not entirely original but I was hopeful that amidst all of the absolute drivel that is premiering lately that this would be a series that I could engage with,
No. I'm not seeing what the other reviewers are seeing. Aside from Henry Winkler, who was cast beautifully in his role as an acting coach, I found it to be incredibly dull. Absolutely so... this is a show that will be something I'm sure I could not wait until the next week for, and so I wait! I had heard promising things about this series (it kicked up a lot of award attention) so I finally gave it a watch. After a hopeful beginning (it had a unique premise which is always a good beginning for me) it just got ridiculous, silly and tired as it went, finally succumbed to Industry's bad habit of applauding productions that mirrors itself back to itself. This show just doesn't go beyond being an inside joke on Hollywood. I won't waste my time watching the third season. I give this a 3 (tiresome) out of 10. {Comedic Criminal Behaviour} Heres an unbelievable story, so it cannot engage its audience, except on the most shallow levels.
There are no compelling motivations oferred for any of the characters to do what they do.
Barry is supposedly seduced into a drama group by what? He can't act, he shows no sign of being able to in the future. The familiar face of Henry Winkler hides a character that seems to be a fraud, with only his charisma/bravado to offer....quite suitable really for so-called drama students who onky know or care about Hollywood tinsel rather than real theatre.
We are supposed to believe that Barry is depressed as the banality of his killing job and wants to spice up his life by going for auditions for bit parts in TV commercials..........oh please, this is shallow rubbish, filled with flimsy wanna-be's. Bill Hader has undeniable screen presence but needs something better than this as a vehicle. ...but only one episode has been great. S02E05, "ronny/lily". And it is masterpiece. 10/10. Others episodes has been little bit unbelievably over acted. Also lazy script writing and directing. Hopefully this series will try to surpass itself in this episode. My first time seeing this show was on 4/21/19. Simply because I didn't change the channel after GOT. I had laughed throughout the entire episode. Episode 5 had me in tears from laughing so hard. The fight scene with him and the little girl in the Karate suit was to hysterical. Tragic. Great casting, pretty good premise, and horrible, horrible writing. Not dialogue, mind you, just the plot. I have no idea how this can have 98% on RT.
The whole plot is lining up ex machinas and then ticking them off. Characters often do that thing where suddenly, for five minutes they're someone totally different so we can get some juicy 'conflict' and I honestly don't get why. Is it really that hard to have problems arise organically with a cast that includes a hit-man, gangsters, law enforcement, uncle/agent figure and about 30 obliviously failing actors?<br/><br/>That being said, if you love terrible writing, fake people and are crazy about acting lessons, this is for you! It amazes me how many seem to like this show. Bill Hader sleep walks theought the show. The premise of russian chechyans fighting is ridiculous. The girl actress opposite hader is awful. Stopped watching after a few episodes. Quite frankly one of the most boring shows I have seen in a long time. To each his own as they say. Season 1 was brilliant and original, lots of action and comedic moments along with some fine acting, Season 2 however has started to become a parody of itself with silly characters and gags little or no action and stretched out stories.
I can feel another LOST series coming here , the conversation with Bill Hader with TV executives sounds something like this.
TVEx " ok Bill we got a doosy of a hit here we need another 6 series "
Bill " but ive only written 3"
TV Ex " well stretch the **** out then we did it with Lost they'll never know the audience are stupid.
Bill " ok then " GREAT show. Quirky as hell, but in such a good and unique way. Hader and Winkler get all the accolades, but the character of Hank played bu Robert Carrigan, in my opinion, steals this show. Carrigan is SO FUNNY in this role. His accent, the oddball way he pronounces common things, mostly with the emphasis on the WRONG word just cracks me up. There's a scene in Season 2 episode 1 where he's talking to his Chechen boss on the phone that literally had me on the floor. It must be seen to be appreciated. Carrigan has a unique character to buuld on here and he is VERY funny in this role. I hope the show runner keeps him around.<br/><br/>The show is extremely well written and played by the entire csst. Another great scene has Winkler in trauma on his back and he's describing his depression to Barry while holding his hand over his face...(paraphrasing)<br/><br/>Winkler: i'm so depressed Barry. Thinking suicde Barry. Have you heard anout the Japanese ritual hari-kari?
Hader: You mean the baseball announcer?
Winkler (without raking his hand away from his fsce)
I need you out of my house.
Barry: OK<br/><br/>Scenes like that are done with the driest sense of humor and they come off hilarious.<br/><br/>It's a great show that's worthy of the awards given to iy...WATCH BARRY! This show is not funny. I chuckled maybe three times.I can't see this show getting a second season.This makes Documentary Now! look like slapstick. Don't waste your time. I've been avoiding this show just cuz it just didn't seem that interesting. I love Bill H, but I just couldn't get a good sense of it. The IMDB reviews convinced me to give it a chance and when it started after GOT, I just let it play... And so...you guys... This. Show. Is one of the funniest things I've seen in a long time. I'd say the last time I laughed this much was in earlier Veep, the Office, or Seinfeld. I don't know if it's a one off, but what I'm seeing is so legit. A+ This show is nothing like I have ever seen before, it's funny, it's dark, it's honest'.
The story itself is very fascinating and new. I love the struggle for Barry and how he tries to deal with his emotions. I thought season 1 was pretty amazing but godddd season 2 is blowiiing my mind!! Just LOVE it Why wouldnt this get a 10? Its entertaining, its smart, well done, and funny too! Loved every episode! Outstanding performance from Bill Hader....really surprised me with this role. Showing his other talents on the spectrum and nailed it. I adore him There have been quite a few crime comedies about hitmen/assassins over the years (Grosse Pointe Blank, Mr. Right, The Hitman's Bodyguard, Jean-Claude Van Johnson, Keeping Up With the Jones, Mr. & Mrs Smith, The Matador, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Killing Gunther, etc.), but for pure comedic value, Barry is far and away the best I've seen.<br/><br/>The series features such an excellent cast. Bill Hader is expectedly perfect for the titular role, but he's also supported by other great comedy actors, including Stephen Root, Henry Winkler and Chris Marquette. However, one of my favorite characters thus far has to be Anthony Carrigan's "NoHo Hank", who absolutely epitomizes the show's ridiculous brand of humor by channeling a scary Chechen gangster through the filter of vapid LA frivolity. For just about all comedies in this subgenre, the richest area of humor is the juxtoposition between a very serious and dark profession with really incongruous characters and situations. And NoHo Hank is just that. At first blush, he looks quite menacing with his shaved head and gang tats, but as soon as you hear him speak (with an almost comically upbeat and innocent-sounding Eastern-European accent), he's transformed from a one-dimensional stock character into an intriguing and surprisingly sympathetic character-despite the fact that he's planning someone's murder. He's the type of gangster who really wants you to like him even as he's threatening your life.<br/><br/>The way that the writers employ Barry's theater training to develop Hader's character and further his inner conflict is also quite brilliant. Sure, it's a very obvious choice given the premise, but the execution is so seemless and natural. Winkler is perfect for facilitating these scenes, delivering very genuine and heartfelt advice whilst punctuating these dramatic scenes with dry humor at just the right times.<br/><br/>My only worry with this show is how it might cannibalize the audience for Jean-Claude Van Johnson. But if both shows get renewed for multiple seasons, then it's a double win for audiences. I love the writing, acting, directing and comedy in this new series. It's the full package. Bill Hader and the rest of the cast are superb! I can't wait to watch more! Bill Hader is so incredible in his role on (Barry) truly brilliant performance. Everything about this show is fantastic, the writing, the directing and the acting. This show is everything I wanted, but didn't know.<br/><br/>It's a comedy, it's a drama, it's an action, and it's a satire. A+ in all this departments from me!<br/><br/>The writer(s) have a great sense of humor, great knowledge of tv movie and cinema history and they know exactly what they want to do!<br/><br/>Bill Hader has some acting range! He plays a guy, who wants to be an actor, without any experience. For an actor, to play a bad actor that sometimes is good goes very deep down to layers and layers of emotion and story telling which is concentrated in this show. It's just brilliant!<br/><br/>I laughed, I was emotional, I was engaged and fully immersed in this series. Every character is rock solid. Everyone brings something special to the screen and the whole series comes together like a mechanical watch or something!<br/><br/>Brilliant writing, hilarious directing, and skillful acting! "I don't want to hurt anybody!"  <br/><br/>Originally rated this a series a 9 after the first season. 4 episodes into the 2nd season and I lowered it to a 7.<br/><br/>I'm growing tired of Barry, his inability to open his mouth and talk and he's just weak! The way he stands there holding a gun on someone struggling and fighting within himself to be able to pull the trigger! Some assassin he is! He's almost my least favorite character now behind Fuches who I wish had been taken out episodes ago! Fuches character is just obnoxious. Barry slowly growing a conscience and constantly making mistakes and screwing things up is getting old. Why couldn't he just stay a bad a$$ assassin who had to juggle killing bad guys, the acting class and the relationships? I would have much preferred that series to what this one is becoming, needs to be more Dexter like than him becoming such a soft wuss! Hank is by far the best character on this show.<br/><br/>I'm afraid to see what Season 3 will have in store for us if it continues down this same road... I'm not optimistic!
Side note - the product placement is just lame. Especially the ads for lululemon  It is very underrated but it is a gem of a show.
You will enjoy ,laugh and feel the thrill all through out.
I didn realized that season 2 was out. I got to know today and will jump on it right away Long time since I watched such neat sit com as Barry. If you liked Dexter, you are going to have a few flashbacks. It's hilarious, it also remains me to Flight of the Conchords a bit. Highly recommended. Very entertaining, engaging and funny! Dark comedy at its best which also delves into ethical/moral and psychological issues. A must watch! I arrive late to "Barry." Not so late, season 2. And I feel ashamed for not following this show before.<br/><br/>"Barry" is all about changing and discovering a purpose in the world where you belong. Barry finds a purpose in an acting class, but his past still haunts him. This brings many hilarious and interesting situations to the show.<br/><br/>The acting of Bill Hader is the highlight of the show; he is brilliant in every aspect related to this show. Bill Hader is also one of the creators, writers and directors of the show. Fundamentally, "Barry" is a prove that Bill Hader is one of the most talented artists in the world right now cause even though he has all these numerous tasks on the show, he however manages to deliver something so brilliant as "Barry" is.<br/><br/>If you want to watch one of the most amazing dark dramedies, Barry represents the ideal choice. I read the blurb, I read the reviews, I decided to watch it because it sounded good. I was wrong.<br/><br/>The premise on imdb and reviews indicated it was a comedy, that it was hilarious, and that it was about a hitman who decides to get involved in amateur dramatics.<br/><br/>I didn't read any reviews saying it was boring, that it wasn't funny, or that I would turn it off half way through the first episode, or that it sucked.<br/><br/>All of those things are accurate though.<br/><br/>The second star is because Henry Winkler is in it, and who doesn't like Henry Winkler? I normally can watch just about any TV show but this on was not well done and I found the acting class parts boring. I started watching due to the great critic reviews which shows that one can not always go by them. The acting is good but story line boring. Update: get shorty season 2 not as good by far as1
--------------------------------------Hard not to compare the two show.
the black humor not as well developed or written.
the killer character that wanna do something else in L.A. is not as believable or charismatic as Chris O'Dowd one in Get Shorty.
Same with all the other actors, not as compelling .
i guess get shorty benefited of higher production $, better scenes, better scripts. will see how season go, cross fingers it get better as writing and characters go. Not funny. At all. This is not a dark comedy. It is a brain dead comedy. The irony was sophomoric, the acting worse. How anyone sober think this is good? I see that this show has a rating above 8.0 so I'm not going to go on ranting about how bad this show is. But if this is the going IQ rate in USA, God help us.
The only highlight is Sarah Goldberg
A Tragically unintelligent show, how did you end up here? You are very talented.
Henry Winkler... Seriously? This show? Did you rub someones hair the wrong way?<br/><br/>I never laughed once, I didn't even smile.
It just made my stumach hurt even more.<br/><br/>Investors, please give your money to starving needing children somewhere. Or your countless homeless in USA.
We had the honour of The Big Bang Theory etc... This is at the other end of the scale. Unfortunately Absolutely phenomenal television. Very weird and captivating. Taut fantastic writing and script. I'm not usually a Bill Hader fan but he really shines in this production and is incredibly impressive. Henry Winkler is absolutely sensational in this and a national resource. This is one of those shows you can't stop watching. It does have some violence in it but it never goes too far and it has a lot of Comedy to balance it out. I only wish they would have made more than eight and I can't wait for season 2. Definitely worth the awards they've won so far. Great story... Great performance from bill I loved most of the characters.. Looking forward to the next episodes I'm a sucker for dark comedies. This show didn't disappoint. Bill Hader is incredible. As soon as I finished watching the series, I missed it. It was so great. I laughed, I cringed, I was nervous, hopeful, sad...this show has it all! Barry is a masterpiece, and something that will surprise you so much you feel numb.<br/><br/>Bill Hader's sitting is amazing, and plays the role of an existential crisis well... Almost too well at times. The supporting cast grow and develop with Hader's character, making the entire show shift forward with time (rare these days). The plot develops naturally, and the value to be found in the script and "acting classes" is huge. A shining part of the show is it's use of sound, and the perfectly placed suspense music, rock music, and theatrical dialogue that's meaningless-but-sounds-serious.<br/><br/>This show won't be as funny as you think, but it's brilliance would be lost if they changed anything! Barely made it half way through to the second episode. It's painfully bad, not funny, plot sucks.. just nothingness. This is how comedy works. You take something cliche, you twist and turn it and what is likely to be bad becomes good. <br/><br/>This show offers a cliche and mediocre story line, but the main characters/actors make up for it. The lead character is dull and uninspiring but the comedic element makes him hyper interesting. <br/><br/>It is so bad that the actions of the actors do not need to be questioned. Like throwing a gun away on the street after a shooting. Other flaws and illogical acts, no need to dispute them. Which makes it good. Feel-good. <br/><br/>The only problem is..... how long will this remain good? It looks like the writers or producers had a great idea , lets do a TV series based on a great movie. How about Luc Besson's Leon: The Profesional. Then they asked how much for the rights to Leon and had another great idea, lets just steal the premise and call him Barry instead.<br/><br/>The lead actor reminds me of Dexter (quite a lot) , his handler reminds me of Danny Aiello in Leon, just without the charm. The rest I couldn't comment on I fell asleep and it was 10 in the morning! I never write reviews i am too lazy but when i see a show like this i dusted off my keyboard i have hardly touched for months.<br/><br/>Reset my password so i could login, all valiant tasks many mere mortals would never consider.<br/><br/>This show is so good that when i think i have predicted it and worked it out it absolutely blows you away with another angle. I have seen every tv series there has ever been and none have made me genuinely clap at my tv when the unexpected twists to the story come in.<br/><br/>Only watch though if you have a decent attention span and nobody saying whats just happened every 5 minutes ( aka the missus) Love this! Each character is hilarious in their own way and the acting is great. Each actor/actress portrays their character well. Wish it was longer. We are ready for the next season. Shorty after I got out of the Marine Corps it took some time to find my place in the civilian world. I think this show does a good job of illustrating that period in veteran's life in a darkly comedic way. This show is good. I'm only on E5 and I am so happy to have found it. I always thought Hader never got the recognition he deserved as a mezmorizing, diverse actor and here is the show that will give it. The storyline has a unique spin on murder/hitman cliches so it keeps you interested yet you feel safe, like watching a familiar rerun, but you're really high so you don't remember you saw it and you can't stop laughing. I don't have time to go on about the amazing supporting cast who all add to the charm and talent of this show because I'm eating chips and playing with my cat, but they are awesome. Treat yo' self. Watch and have fun. I like the show, but one thing about the last episode, aired Sunday, May 13.....I know this is a TV show, fiction, but even so....
The cop checked out Barry on some social media account. He had pictures of the guys who were killed in the bum rush. I don't quite understand a few things...
Why did he have those pictures posted? I didn't think he knew those guys very well.
And you would think he would have enough sense to have deleted those pictures after the incident. Liked the sicario part but found the "acting" plot boring & poorly written/acted. Except for Winkler, the one bright spot. First off, if I was a filmmaker I would hire Anthony Carrigan to play the lead role...AND every other role, male and female. This guy is absolutely phenomenal. Bill Hader has always been amazing and is perfect in this. Every single character stands out, even the minor roles. If I had one criticism, it would be the finale of Season 1 seemed a bit pat and forced. But I'll take it considering how good this series is. It's time to change my Tinder settings to Chechens only. "Barry" has a lot of great ideas, quality acting, but it also suffers from a malady I find all too often in US series, it tries too hard.<br/><br/>There's certainly a lot of originality on offer with "Barry". it's a novel premise that's reminiscent of "Dexter". Certainly a lot of the same dark humour is present but this one's a few shades removed from Dexter's often sombre, chilling tones.<br/><br/>Barry offers the audience often overlapping moments of typically sophisticated pathos; humour, passion, sadness, hopefulness and self deception that are all too familiar. In a setting that is mostly unfamiliar to all but a minority of dangerous, murderous, human beings.<br/><br/>Where it falls short, is in its need to over explain itself. There's a real obsessive neurosis in this series that's ultimately tiresome and a little frustratingly brittle. Barry, the central character talks far too much, when his actions could speak much louder than words. Periperal characters have a similar quality, in particular his love interest, who is too self absorbed and downright irritating.<br/><br/>In short, a fun series that's charming, clever and engaging on a certain level but fails to balance dialogue with exposition. Sometimes more really is less. A decent watch but not quite of the calibre of "Dexter".<br/><br/>7/10. You'll hate all the characters. They are all awful people, and the show has less and less levity as it goes on. It's great, but often hard to watch. Henry Winkler!!!! He is the reason I'm watching. Well along with Bill.  Human. Interesting. All characters have make sense dialog. Loved the John Denver song. Added so much. This show is amazing, it feels like it has no strings attached and no studio interference, that's something that ruins a lot of movies and TV shows, this show surprises me every single episode. I love it! This show balances the serious tone of PTSD while including humor. The chechenans bring a large amount of humor along with the supporting cast. Bill Hader brings a complex character to life with nuance and a deep understanding of how to play a character. Bill Haders 'Barry' character is so beautifully performed that you find oneself clapping, laughing or groaning with impending doom for him throughout season 2.<br/><br/>The episode with small Karate Kid is the season highlight.<br/><br/>However his on going relationship with his girlfriend throws the whole show off. She's neither lovable or charming and honestly Barry never shows any genuine heartfelt emotion towards her except one scene when he completely ignores one of her many irritating rants...<br/><br/>Otherwise the show is on point from season one.<br/><br/>The superb acting from the rest of the cast knits together a glorious season two.<br/><br/>Bravo Mr Hader...well done. Especially if you get to S2E5. What a bizzare sequence of events. I don't want to spoil anything so I'll just say Daniel Bernhardt & Jessie Giacomazzi were fantastic as were John Pirruccello and Bill Hader. A "must see" for an even darker version of a classic "Holy Grail" type battle scene. Sort of Monty Python meets Sam Peckinpah.
This show is weirdly different in a good way. There are some laugh out loud moments. There is also a lot of violence but, despite being rather graphic, I don't think it comes off as being realistic like a serious drama would. It's almost cartoon-like in a sense. I mean as much as mowing down a bunch of people with an automatic weapon can be. (Yeah, still think kids aren't influenced by TV?)
The only problem I have is not with the show itself, rather the theme of a villain being the protagonist. It's gotten to be a disturbing trend in today's societal climate. "Dexter" was the first such show to get my attention and it was excellent. Gripping. And I can't wait for "Better Call Saul" to return; But, I think it's not a good thing to be looking at criminals and serial/mass murderers as our heroes. "Death Wish" is a classic and we all cheered for Charlie but, "Father knows best... how to slaughter everybody" just doesn't feel right to me. All that said, "Barry" is a solid, entertaining show but NOT SAFE FOR IMPRESSIONABLE YUTES!<br/><br/>Addendum: The way I rate shows...
I don't review anything less than a 7 because 6 would be a failing grade and I won't waste my time watching it. I'm old; I don't know how much time I've got left. Since I probably turned it off before getting even halfway through, it wouldn't be fair to rate or review it.
7 is watchable but I may go a while between episodes since, though somewhat entertaining, there are other shows more interesting or compelling.
8 would be a regular in my lineup.
9 is a must see and probably bingeable.
10 is just the epitome of superbity and headed for my all-time favorites list.
I'm adding this to my reviews because it seems there are a lot of binary reactions to pretty much everything these days. I am not a like/unlike kind of guy. I see a lot of grays so if I give something a 10 it doesn't mean the only alternative is a 1. This show is great in every way! Each episode leaves you wanting more, which is one of the main things I look for in a show. When I first heard of it, I was a bit hesitant to watch. A hitman turned actor? Really? I've been avoiding this show just coz it just didn't seem that interesting. I was pleasantly surprised when I finally watched it. A dark comedy, and more emotional than I expected. This show is amazing and so not what I expected. For being on HBO, it's really not that explicit, hardly any sex/nudity and I don't find the violence too disturbing to watch.<br/><br/>It's well filmed, spectacular acting, hilarious and also emotionally compelling. I love the psychy twist of making the villains their heros. The entire cast deliver superb performances Their subtle timing and comedic delivery is brilliant. What makes this show good is the balance of humour and emotions. It has it's funny elements thanks to Gene, Fuches and NoHo Hank, just love these characters. Really impressed with Bill Hader and Anthony Carrigan. I want to specifically mention Anthony Carrigan's superb performance here, he just kills it. NoHo Hank, his character, could be the best character I have seen in a tv series for a long time, that dude's just awesome.<br/><br/>In my opinion this series is very underrated and it deserves much more. Can't wait how the plot continues. I love comedy but tv shows rarely get me to actually laugh, usually they just give me the "one corner of my mouth is raised" type of smile. This show GENUINELY makes me laugh (like open mouth + sound), the only time this has happened to me before was when I saw "the office" for the first, second and third time! Highly recommend BARRY, it's funny but it also keeps you on your toes and gives you a small "action movie heart attack"!+ I love bill Hader Just watched the second episode yesterday after an amazing first episode. Safe to say that the quality dropped massively from one episode to the other. I have never writtin more than 2 reviews in here ever, but I felt that I should warn people not wasting 30 minutes of their lives, you are better off watching the bachelor or something and it would still be better entertainment than this slow slow and very boring second episode. This show is objectively overrated, because people mostly evaluate it in the abstract, as no-one is able to have an honest opinion anymore. It is about a hitman, which is "cool" and "thrilling", a comic actor plays a serious, dramatic role, which is oh-so-interesting and extra-deep and... there is some... comedy, or something of the sort.
Well, the hitman-stuff is pretty generic and shallow, it serves for some "okay" stand-offs every couple of episodes, and it's mostly about the interactions and relationships in some crappy acting-class, and almost anyone but Bill Hader is ironically played by some third-rate actor (the kind who normally would not even getting a supporting role), making it fairly uninteresting to watch.
There is nothing at all funny or clever about this show, there are some self-conscious attempts (like everything else is a self-conscious attempt) at being clever, which one could not even pinpoint, as it's literally just the tone in which some characters talk sometimes.<br/><br/>It's boring as heck, there is no interesting or believable character aside from "Barry" himself, and it's mostly just the generic "relationship"-stuff, the same as any show (I cant believe people never figure that out), here in some third-rate acting class... Only six episodes into the first season, and I am ready to give it up. The only reason I may keep watching it is because my wife is hooked.<br/><br/>The premise seems original, if not goofy. A hit-man who has no qualms about killing people that his bosses tell him to, because he is an ex-Marine who is good at being a sharp-shooting sniper, is his post-military "profession." He goes to L.A. for a hit-job. Somehow he winds up being attracted to a two-bit acting class. It turns out his next hit is a fellow classmate who he buddies up to, seems like a nice guy, so he cannot go through with it. I forget how but he gets teamed up with another ex-Marine psycho to slaughter some warehouse cartel full of twenty thugs., or whatever (who cares?). He is told to kill Taylor, the psycho, as soon as the job is done. We know he hates this guy and he has the perfect opportunity to kill him from behind in the same warehouse as the killings.<br/><br/>Barry can't go through with it (why?). So they are holed up together afterwards and Taylor is acting and behaving exactly like the same careless moron (Peter Stormare) that was paired up with Steve Buscemi from "Fargo," the movie. Both of those characters smoke and watch TV all day, and they only speak in one or two words/syllables at a time. Sound fun or intriguing yet? Add 'Dexter' to the mix and it sounds like a bad carbon copy from different but familiar sources.<br/><br/>Meanwhile Barry is still attending those stupid rip-off acting classes even though he's terrible at learning to act. Barry keeps flip-flopping about killing the guys who are threatening him (why?). Suddenly he grows a conscience even though he keeps pulling off other jobs under boss' orders? His immediate boss, Fuches, orders him again to kill Taylor with every new phone call but, this order, he refuses to follow (WHY?).<br/><br/>It just goes round and round like this for thirty minutes per episode. You only need watch the first, fourth and seventh episodes if this premise at all interests you. They recap all the information so repetitively that this will save you some precious time.<br/><br/>Also, all the stupid murderous criminals give away incriminating details on their cell phones. I only give this three stars for Bill Hader and Henry Winkler, as the acting coach/teacher. I love it
I love it
I love it
I love it<br/><br/>I love it
I love it
I love it
I love it He's a hitman that wants to give it up to become an actor. So it's sort of like Breaking Bad but like in reverse and less intense.
It's a fun series that shouldn't be taken too seriously. There are a few plot holes surrounding the inept police investigation and final cliff hanger reveal. The whole idea of Barry just being Barry but the acting school students thinking he's just a good actor is a bit unrealistic. The show has its moments and in my opinion could do with less boring acting class scenes and more goofy gangster scenes. Probably only worth watching once. I have mixed feelings about Barry. On the one hand, the conflicts in the eponymous main character, a professional hit man who claims to have taken up the profession as a way of combating his depression from his military service in Afghanistan, are interesting. On the other hand, he nearly always solves his problems in the quickest and deadliest way. He actually has other choices but never seems to recognize that he does. What forces him to stay in Los Angeles when he could run away and adopt a new identity? Is it weakness or stupidity? Unclear.<br/><br/>What I really do not like about this series are the slapstick comedy aspects. I simply do not find that they mix well with this otherwise serious subject matter. The worst was the possibly gay (or metrosexual?) bald Chechen, Noho. He was just way over the top and should have been minimized rather than emphasized. Fuches, Barrys mentor, was channeling the well-known Coen brothers favorite, John Goodman. (Pretty sure that the actor studied all of Goodmans parts in all of his Coen brother movies...)<br/><br/>To be honest, I am surprised by all of the rave reviews. I suppose that most Western people have become so numbed by killing that they see nothing inappropriate or disconcerting in this sort of treatment of a topic much better covered in classics such as Le Samourai, with Alain Delon. I binge-watched the whole 2 seasons of this show, because I just could not stop watching it once I started.<br/><br/>Barry is a unique dark comedy which can be scarcely found in this too crowded environment of many similar sit-coms. The whole story is actually shaped around a central question of "evilness". While the main character tries to deal with this throughout the show, he is surrounded by his past and, this being the comedy aspect of the show, all the ridiculousness it carries along with it.<br/><br/>The show can go really dark sometimes but the darkness is so well embedded in the story that you kind of love it. Because it can also manage to make you laugh so hard so unexpectedly, reinforcing the sense of reality somehow. With every other episode, you sense how cleverly this show is written a little better and especially season 2 just keeps getting better and better.<br/><br/>The cast is amazing, of course. I won't even mention how great Bill Hader is, that guy is a legend and being almost everything of this show, I think he seriously went beyond himself this time, especially with his acting. But the rest of the cast is great too. I want to specifically mention Anthony Carrigan's superb performance here, he just kills it. Also NoHo Hank, his character, could be the best character I have seen in a tv series for a long time, that dude's just awesome. I wanted to watch this series for like a year and i didnt have a chanse to watch it, but after couple episodes i found it very interesting. Acting is great, idea for this show is amazing and it wasnt disappointing. I recommend it to everyone who like small drama scenes and pinch of action. This show is so so good. Season 2 just got better. Bill Hader has created something special here. Possibly the best show on tv right now. every scene is so unbelievable rich and packed with emotion it's hard to take sometimes, for all the best reasons. and it somehow does it with a dark tongue in cheek flair. simply stunning. Season 2 surpassed season 1. Season 2 ep 5 is one of the best episodes of all TV. This show is literally the perfect recipe for entertainment. 1 cup of humor, 3/4 tablespoon seriousness, 2 tablespoons of leaving you on edge, and 2 cups of Bill Hader being amazing. This is an excellent thriller series with some black humor. I like this type of genre, it's a very enjoyable experience. The only thing that I have down as a slight against the show, is that the episodes are all only a half an hour in length. I would enjoy it even more if they could stretch them out and give us a one hourly episode format. If you like the sort of humor from Breaking-Bad, or Killing-Eve, then you should like this show also.<br/><br/>My favorite character from this show has to be the guy who plays Victor Zsasz- in Gotham's tv series - NoHo Hank in this. He's oddly funny in this show, he's a less subtle comedy relief than others, some-how he comes across with a large heart, making him fairly cute.<br/><br/>The casting team has done well on this show, they have some interesting characters - You know that look - the bottom of the barrel look that many stage actors have in spades, they pull it off well here.<br/><br/>While the show does have its funny moments, it still has a strong thriller/drama element to it. The lead role (Barry) is caught between a rock and a hard place, he also has a lot of stuff going on in his life that he is finding difficult to come to terms with (as do we all), so we watch Barry as he struggles and ponders on his past and present choices. We also get to see both the good and the bad influences from the people that are closest to Barry.<br/><br/>If you do decide to give this show a watch, I doubt you'll regret it, as I believe that just about everybody will enjoy this one. I find that it is one of those shows that you'd love to binge each episode straight after the other. Highly recommended. Season 1 is original, creative twist on the 'killer' stereotype, it's funny and the 1/2 hour goes fast! You're so engrossed and it's not overtly extended where the plot is taking forever to fill an hour (ehm ehm example 'Sharp Objects' with Amy Adams)<br/><br/>Anyways you gotta check it out and The Fonz - Henry Winkler is very funny! I was on the fence after the first episode of Barry, which was quirky and amusing but didn't quite grab me. But my girlfriend insisted we watch a second episode, and then I got hooked.<br/><br/>The series involves a hit man who starts taking acting classes from Henry Winkler, and deals with the conflict between those two lives. The actors who portrays students are impressively able to give various levels of performances based on teacher feedback (Sarah Goldberg is especially good, and makes me understand the acting process a little better).<br/><br/>Bill Hader is excellent in the lead, but the standout comedic performance is Anthony Carrigan as a quirky, cue-ball-headed criminal. I'm ready for him to get a spin-off series.<br/><br/>A warning about Barry. The series is often hilariously funny, but it's also dark. And towards the end it gets really, really dark. The last couple of episodes of season 1 are rather upsetting. So prepare yourself. Excellent! Love how this show is an absolute roller coaster. Can't wait for the season finale. Fantastic script, bill hader ! Wow. Excellent casting.... after falling in love with the show,
My biggest worry..... PLEASE DONT CANCEL .... I AM STRESSED NOW. LOL<br/><br/>CHEERS AND GOOD LUCK FOR RENEWAL OF MANY SEASONS.... This is definitely the weirdest show I have ever loved. I gave the pilot a shot after browsing HBO for about 45 minutes, out of complete boredom. I cannot believe how hard I fell for it. Hader is absolutely brilliant, brings the oddness and squarish confidence the character needs. The chechenians are absolutely hilarious and Gene.. I love you, Gene. Henry Winkler could just look into the camera and I'd burst out laughing.<br/><br/>However, what makes this show so very special is without a doubt the one and only, NoHo Hank. Probably the most interesting character created in the last five years. I've never said this about a man before but he is SO ADORABLE!<br/><br/>The casting is absolutely spot on. High quality.<br/><br/>While I don't like the violent parts, it's the first time ever that I've been upset by a violent scene, then 2-3 minutes later I'm laughing.<br/><br/>This happens all throughout the episodes and the violent scenes are serious, don't get me wrong.<br/><br/>In fact, when I was a child & I tried to watch the odd horror movie which I hated, I used to hate it when people in the theater laughed at the violent scenes. It's not quite like that in this show, you'd have to watch it to understand.<br/><br/>While it's stupid humor at times which I normally don't like, it's also ethnic stupid humor with accents which makes it really funny.<br/><br/>The acting is great and so is the writing.<br/><br/>And on top of that, there's a moral bent to it which makes it all the more surprising and the storyline twists and turns..<br/><br/>The direction and editing is also top notch.<br/><br/>Thanks to all involved, especially Bill Hader, Stephen Root, and Anthony Carrigan (he's hilarious). Fantastic plot, amazing cast and acting you will laugh out loud at the slapstick comedy I don't tend to keep watching shows after a few episodes but this has kept me watching all the way through. Some very funny moments but also very dark. Hader is superb. One of the best shows ever. Absolutely outstanding TV Show as Barry navigates life as a Hitman until he finds this drama class on a hit then falls in love with acting and also this lovely woman named Sally. Barry finds himself throughout this series confronting demons from his army past and his Hitman past after that, which almost makes you feel sorry for him as he does not know who he is and where the darkness ends and where the light begins. I defiantly recommend you watch this as it really navigates Barry's dark demon side and his newfound human side along with his girlfriend Sally who is forced to confront the demons of the past as well in this amazing story that is hilarious too. This is easily one of the best shows on TV, maybe even the best show currently on TV. The show tells the story of Barry Birkman, an ex-marine turned hitman, who aspires to become an actor. He struggles with both sides of his character - the murderous "dark" side of himself who kills people, and the side of himself that cares deeply for his friends. Barry is as humorous as it is deep and dark. Check this out if you're looking for a show to binge. It's admirable how this show manages to be such a rollercoaster of lighthearted, situational humor that'll make you laugh til you cry, and yet dip down to a place so dark at times you'll still wanna cry. One of the funniest, dramatic, emotional shows I've ever seen in my life. Incredible After watching the second season, i can finally share my opinion:<br/><br/>Amazing, Just Amazing.<br/><br/>The series always keeps it interesting, with a twist of comedy and seriousness.
The actors have a great performance, especially Bill Hader, whose style just reminds every time of the Dexter Series (Was a huge fan). The writing is great, and each episode adds up to the overall drama and plays a role in the plot. The style how the scenes are filmed and put together (Audio + Video) makes is incredibly satisfying. The diversity of different groups (very stereotypical) adds up to the overall quality. Just look at the series which are out there, there is nothing with that composition out there, which makes it very refreshing. Sometimes it reminds of a episode inside Grand Theft Auto (anyone else?)<br/><br/>In my opinion this series is very underrated and it deserves much more. Can't wait how the plot continues. I'm really excited for the 3rd season, just finished the 2nd and it was as good if not better than the first (and the first one is really well done). This is for sure one of my favorite shows now and i can only highly recommend you to watch it... It has really nice vibe to it, also reminds me a bit of Dexter but with more comedy and more uplifting atmosphere. Pieces of art like ''Barry'' deserves a lot more attention. This show is great in every way! Each episode leaves you wanting more, which is one of the main things I look for in a show like this. The elemeents in this show also blend together extremely well. You have very subtle and sarcastic comedy, that blends seamlessly with an action scene, and none of it feels corny at all.<br/><br/>The dramatic elements of this show are alos on point, there are plot twists very often and you never really know what to expect. The drama is also very good in this show because it makes you feel for each of the characters and their little side stories. The flashbacks of Barry from the war also really help you understand what made Barry the man he is.<br/><br/>Another one of my favorite things about this series is the acting! Bill Hader does an amazing job! I am so used to him being a comedy actor, so seeing him in a role like this is a nice change of pace. The emotion he shows is uncanny, also acting like a beginner actor is a skill in and of itself. Hank is also absolutely fantastic, he whit and humor is so funny and adds a sense of casual to his gangster lifestyle, he just makes this show "suuuuper great!" Brilliant 1st season. Rubbish 2nd season. When will producers stop rushing the writers? Or more importantly, when will the producers realise the writers make the show.<br/><br/>This could have been a superb long running show. Bill Hader and Alec Berg have created something truly special with Barry. I just finished Season 2, which was beautiful. I love the subtle humor. I love the tension in Barry's character and his battle of good and evil. It's great that we can have a show with smartly written comedy while also having an incredible story to go along with it.
Season 1 was great, Season 2 is award-worthy. I'm really looking forward to more Barry in the future! This is such an exciting TV series. The first few episodes may not keep you watching this, but do stick with it. The comedy, acting, writing and action is all top notch. This show is so real! It's well filmed, spectacular acting, hilarious and also emotionally compelling. I love the psychy twist of making the villains ther heros. Really impressed with Bill Hader and Anthony Carrigan! This dark comedy is amazing and so not what I expected. For being on HBO, it's really not that explicit, hardly any sex/nudity and I don't find the violence too disturbing to watch, I'd say it's the themes that make this show mature. It's very rare to find a show that genuinely makes me laugh out loud while also bringing tears to my eyes all in the same half hour episode. The storyline is realistic, compelling and succeeds at delivering surprising and well written twists. Coming from SNL, I expected Bill Hader to play a silly skit-like character, but boy was I wrong. Bill Hader's performance is incredible and moving, and suprisingly his character is rarely a comedic aspect of the show. He 100% deserved his emmy. I'd definitely recommend this show, even if for some reason you don't like it, the shorter seasons and episodes make it not too much of a commitment. Barry is a phenomenal show. When I first heard of it, I was a bit hesitant to watch. A hitman turned actor? Really? I was pleasantly surprised when I finally watched it. A dark comedy, and more emotional than I expected. You easily get attached to characters (especially the fabulous Noho hank) and the acting is insanely good! This show also happens to be Bill Hader's directorial debut, proving he really IS good at everything. I would give this show 87346572867896 stars, but sadly IMDB won't let me. Beyond hilariously dark.
Season 2 Epi 5 was the best TV I have seen in a longggg time...holy bajeus...my jaw was on the floor in complete horror yet audibly laughing. A LOT.
AMAZING acting by Hader, Winkler, Root and Anthony Carrigan...my GOD his character is HYSTERICAL. One liners for dayssss.
Excited for season 3! I haven't seen a show this good since breaking bad. It's written so well & keeps u on the edge of your seat. Easily one of the best shows EVER. Great show very funny, really builds a connection with the main character as well as others. Literally the only thing I hate is the fact that this veteran assassin never wears gloves!!! So addicted though can't wait for more!!!! Berg and Hader manage to produce a brilliant script. Currently at s2e8 and its getting better and better. Casting is great and each episode is masterfully crafted with suspense and unexpected.<br/><br/>Will compare it to Dexter, as they are somehow revolving around same idea. Both shows are refreshingly deep. But while Dexter is more flamboyant, Barry is more hard to anticipate.<br/><br/>If you are a Dexter fan, this is a must see. No spoilers here.
It hands down achieves what it sought to. Bill Hader is fantastic. Writing is great, most of the jokes land.
Anthony Carrigan, Henry Winkler and Sarah Goldberg deliver.
This show deserves more attention. It's toit with only 30 minutes each episode. There's a lot of drama, comedy and occasionally good suspense.
Breaking bad vibes from some episodes are noteworthy.
Is the show worth watching? Hell yes and I don't say this for a lot of shows with this much conviction. To be frank i had no intentions of watching Barry as i am not a subscriber to any of the channels which show it. I recently got HBO for Game of thrones and i decided to watch the show. Season 1 was so amazing still loved only ep8 of season 1 and then season 2 has started which is just fantastic, phenomenal that i registered to IMDB to give the vote. One good/must show to watch to forget the work life for 30-40 mints Love this show, one of my favorite dark comedies that I believe should have a long run. Bill Haders character is so funny by being bland in these insane situations. This show is funny but has some serious topics mixed which makes it very intriguing!! I remember reading an article that Barry won an award against another show I was watching at the time...and I said to myself WTF is Barry? Welp I watched it now, and wow , just amazing. So funny, spectacular acting, deep and thought provoking. HBO NOW you are the best....1 month of you is worth not going to the movies once. But time of episodes is very short if it can 52:00 minutes it will be legendary The main take away is the originality and juxtaposition of the comedic and horrific elements at the same time. Definitely worth watching and I'm looking forward to season two. The actor who plays the Chechen leader is also in Billions ( Goran) and his group reminds me of a slapstick Sopranos. Soho was also a brilliantly executed character Bill Hader absolutely nails this. Awesome supporting cast, great story and with laughs flowing so effortlessly. Barry is an awesome and easy watch. Barry take us into the life of our protagonist an ex marine turned into a Hitman that later is trying to become an actor, and with that premise the story develops fast, short and sweet; definitely one of the best shows of 2018. Barry it's a shorts comedy series with a dark tone played amazingly by Bill Harder. This show it's really compelling and the ending will leave wanting more. Bill Hatter's charm spills all over this series. It's weird, entertaining, and the funny moments are genuinely funny, to the point that they in a strange way lighten the dark ones. The characters are interesting and even the "bad guys" have some likability, except Sally - I dislike that kind of people IRL and therefore dislike them in movies and TV shows. Okay, the premise seemed interesting and I needed to see a comedy. What a sleeper! Episode after episode more intriguing, putting down layer after layer of complexity. A must watch. There is a fundamental flaw with the development of the premise that speaks of a certain lingering mediocrity of this project. Barry is a "killer" or "hitman", if you will, and former soldier, who merely turned to killing because "it's what he's good at" and he has no other purpose in life. He accidentally stumbles into an acting class and develops a passion for it, it almost seems like he has found his purpose, so he wants to quit the hitman job and continue doing his lameo acting-classes. (No problem there at all.)<br/><br/>However the problem is that he gets into conflict with his current employers of a killing job for which he showed a lack of commitment which is why he consequently ended up in a shoot-out with them. So they kidnap his uncle, and for lack of an alternative (Barry killed the altenrative that was supposed to take out him) he has do to one more job to save his uncle from torture and death.<br/><br/>In this basic condundrum of the beginning, that is apparently intended to create some humour by contrast of his commitment, there is a very serious logical flaw that calls into question the premise.<br/><br/>The fact is, at this point he is back "in war", he is not just some bored killer, and if he's "good at his jon", that means a "good soldier", it doesn't make any sense that he's still casual in showing commitment just because he's found some lame-ass acting class.
Obviously not just a competent but simply slightly SANE person would take the situation more seriously, let alone if we are supposed to be believe he's still some kind of "badass".<br/><br/>This flaw in writing shows a certain mediocrity that is just highlighted this way but also can be felt throughout some of the humour-attempts and general writing. Other case in point: the acting class quickly feels too "real" in its lameness and messiness... Starts of (series 1) as a sort of reverse Breaking Bad, and it has moments of brilliance. The characterisation is solid for the most part, and even irritating characters are rounded enough not to be too tiresome<br/><br/>However three main problems I have:<br/><br/>1) The best character by far (Janice) is killed off too soon.<br/><br/>2) It's yet another white-fest with minimal ethnic representation, no gays or any other LGBTQ representation.<br/><br/>3) As soon as the zombie/flying child thing gets going they completely lost me. This was a woefully missed opportunity to inject a blistering amount of humanity into a faltering plot, but instead it becomes comic-book farce. I can only think the writers ran out of steam and so decided to veer into a different genre. Unsuccessfully. I don't know what this episode was all about. Keep getting up until you get killed because what, maybe we're all high on something? I tried to find something in it, but I just got bored. For me, this episode was a big come down for what had been one of my fav series - up there with Big Bang Theory and Game of Thrones. In the opening scenes of Ep1 of Season1, the camera pans to a USMC shadow box. The entire rack of award ribbons is upside down displaying the Bronze Star and Purple Heart with Oak Leaf Cluster at the bottom row. Note: On the DVD, how they were able to cram four hours on one DVD is beyond me. I didn't know this was a series and was expecting 90 min., but it was well written & acted such that it kept me watching all the way through.<br/><br/>Contemporary borrowing from Shakespeare's tragicomedies we have a mentally fragile hitman (and his manager) doing "jobs" on baddies, but they get in over their heads to where it's not just the baddies who get killed. The comedic aspects to this story occur more frequently in the first half, and the tragic more so in the second half. The turmoil of the jobs is also played out as our hitman accidentally becomes a student in a theatrical stage class where he comes to grips w/his daytime job. In his Macbeth rehearsal the following portends his future:
"Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage
And then is heard no more: it is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing."<br/><br/>The script was creative/unique in the crime genre. It was well acted, especially Hader as hitman; Henry Winkler as the teacher/owner of a stage/theatrical studio; Goldberg as a fellow actress & love interest. I would have given more stars, but the ending was made more to continue the series, and was not consistent w/most of his journey seen in to that point. So I stopped watching this show at episode 7. At that point I just had had enough. Every single character in the show was a complete moron, I mean so stupid that they would of died irl because they can't function. And I am to somehow relate to them as succesful people who've been doing something really difficult for living while having an iq sub 50!<br/><br/>And come on with the stereotypes, how is this kinda carbage being written in our time - I mean this would of been bad in 1990's. Then there is the mistakes, if you have actors using guns then teach them how they work - it's not that difficult to not mess it up. But then the writers are probably as stupid as the characters in the show.<br/><br/>Finally there is the fact, that this show is supposed to be a comedy? I find it very lacking in comedic elements and just a borefest.<br/><br/>There really is not much positive I can say about this. Barry had an interesting and unique plot, but it wasn't as impressive as the whole buzz about it claims it to be. The performances were really good, and that helps the series a lot. But the comedy part is weak. Barry is so relevant to today's world it should be applauded for it. Barry takes on the difficult task of pyscho analyzing toxic masculinity and more impressingly toxic femminity. While creating three distinct plots the shown does an excellent job connecting them all each episode. Bill Hader and Alec Berg have created what is perhaps the TV show that everyone needs to watch simply because of its unbiased unfiltered social themes. And oh ya... it's also about a Barry being a hit man too. Hader is mostly famous for being a comedian and impressionist on SNL. But Hader proves that to be a great comedian, you must be so much more than just funny. It's a matter of jokes, but also about timing, minor and major expressions, and most importantly, create a character that is appealing and credible on screen.<br/><br/>He did just that with "Barry". Barry is about a hitman who is drawn into acting, in an attempt to leave behind a vicious world that keeps dragging him back in. Those two worlds are reflected in Hader constantly. Hader shows every emotion, and creates chemistry with every other actor and actress in this show, showing that he is so much more than just a comedian and an actor. Hader is an artist and a professional.<br/><br/>Besides mastering emotions and drama, there's still time and place for comedy, but always in such a quick and subtle way, that it never gets in the way of the more serious atmosphere, and adds to the drama and chemistry, instead of taking it away. Seriously, there are a lot of laughs in there. Being torn between al those emotions, the viewer will probably hunger for more 'Barry', and more Bill Hader. Let me start off by stating that I just love Bill Hader, I think he has incredible comedic sense and his facial expressions are the icing on the cake. In Barry, he is an assassin who finds his true calling in the theatre, he plays a terrific bad actor. The contrast between his work-self as a ruthless hitman and his personal-self as a good but awkward guy with a moral code is the highlight of the show for me. His conflict between these two modes creates a lot of the laughs and most of the tense moments as well. The makers have created something unique here, The show has a lot of potential that I would love to see explored. I rarely get effusive for cable shows. this is the only one i put in the echelon of both 'sopranos' and 'breaking bad', the latter probably being the closest comparison to it. It is simply outstanding. Although I've never been a hit man, I've lived in l.a for decades and the love interest of Barry completely captures that struggling actress type of character better than I've ever seen. Highly recommended. The acting in this show is great.
There are dark and very funny moments in every episode. The characters are all likeable . The downside being it's sad when one dies even though "They have to".
Cannot wait to see where they go with the next series. I'm not interested at first, but then I tried to watch the first ep cause I'm bored, and the trailer looks great, I'm totally hooked right after the 1st ep ! I don't mind if there's many and many seasons ! Absolutely incredible performance from Bill Hader ! Now, can't wait for Season 2 ! My kinda stupid dark comedy ! I just finished binge watching season one of Barry. Short episodes you can't get enough of. It would be a total disappointment if there would be not more seasons of this show. It's the perfect mix between crime and comedy. The humor is very subtle, almost like they don't do it on purpose to be funny, but they certainly are. Bill Hader as Barry has one of those faces and expressions that makes him naturally funny. But not only him, but the whole cast was funny. Stephen Root, Glenn Fleshler, Anthony Carrigan, Paula Newsome, Henry Winkler and Sarah Goldberg all add something funny and special to this show. The story is well brought and entertaining. I really can't wait for more seasons of Barry. Enjoyed this because of the actors in it more than the plot. Individual character development was fun but not too deep.
The scene with Stephen Root and Glen Fleshler at the dinner table was brilliant.
And I generally love anything with Henry Winkler in it.
The overarching approach to just casually gunning down people in cold blood has always bothered me about American television and film and this series doesn't bring anything new to that premise.
But I suppose one would expect this kind of lack of empathy from a tv series based on a hitman. Writing this review after watching the seventh episode of the first season. In-fact, I started watching this a day ago, went through all episodes fast.<br/><br/>This show balances witty banter with serious moments quite well. Unlike terrible shows like Riverdale, where you're just wondering "WTF are they going for exactly?", Barry actually gets it right. The comedy itself isn't overdone (except for few moments, which are still fine) and action is delivered at steady pace.<br/><br/>Really trying hard not to spoil the show, so go and watch it. It's good. Boring, dull, and full of unfunny cliches. None of the characters were likeable, interesting, or funny enough to care about. I gave up partway into episode two when I realized it hadn't generated so much as a chuckle from me. Most good drama shows have more actually funny comedy than this does. Catholics. I thought the show was entertaining until you had to just go there. Hey hollywood writers, christians / catholics are tired if it. Would you rip on muslins? Of course not. You only seem to hate christians. This show sucks because of what you wrote. I'm disappointed that a different comedy with remarkable scripts, full of unexpected twists and turns, played by funny actors, in its second season led to an action movie more like Tarantino's Kill Bill (including Tibetan temple) than a comedy to make people laugh. The fact that the character didn't find redemption and that he wasn't able to come out of his destructive and violent inertia denotes that the Barry series is more at the service of the audience ranking than the creative line of its creators (who said in the interviews that it was hard not to make jokes in the middle of dramatic situations). The final chapter is as if it were another series and if Bill Hader wants to start a career making characters at the height of The Rock, is on the right track. It's a pity. The fourth episode of the second season is the only good one. If I were you, I would watch the pilot and then just that one.
Bill Hader does a decent job, but the mix of comedy (try to be) and drama didnt work at all. Also, the story didnt get me and some of the actors are average.
But the theme is good. I love dark comedies w/drier then dirt humor. "Barry" is not it. It has potential. Unfortunately the writers don't see it's potential. It's painfully obvious that there were mixed ideas on what direction the show should go. So it became a free for all for all involved. Sort of like trying to direct a group of feral cats. Henry Winkler's performance was a HUGE let down. Poor Henry Winkler. I hope this awful series is not the end of what has been a great career. If it is, he's going out in a blaze of 'bore-y'. They make 7 30 minute episodes and call that a series.Meanwhile they pontificate on their brilliance,Hader and Berg,after each episode like they were writing the Rockford files or something great.However that had 26 one hour episodes every season.The fact this pile of junk wins multiple emmys shows two things. TV sucks now and the critics are a bunch of clueless idiots. Berg recently recounted the authenticity of each episode after the one he was talking about showed mildly brain dead Barry clearing 30 men with ar-15's with an 18 shot glock.That's really realistic.Don't waste your time.7 EPISODES.I could have written something better in one month ,that took them a full year All his 'funny' SNL skits are of him 'trying' to not lose it. He's not funny.<br/><br/>'Barry' is not funny.<br/><br/>One thing in this show is funny: Anthony Carrigan.<br/><br/>Take Anthony Carrigan out of the show and it's n o t h i n g.<br/><br/>Nothing. Sarah Goldberg and Henry Wnkler undermine Bill Hader's efforts to make this show the least bit funny. I've seen four episodes and the love affair between Goldberg's and Hader's character becomes lamer each episode.
Like a serial killer would actually become a stage actor and fall for someone who constantly criticizes him... The game of attract and reject is the most stupid I've watched in years, if not ever.
And I don't like Anthony Carrigan's accent. I loved him in Gotham, but this show? Why can't Russian actors play Russian characters?
I began watching this show with very high expectations, but got disappointed really fast. Well Bill Hader is great in everything I have seen him, so no surprise he is good here as well. The series brings enough originality and it is a joy so far to watch. Will be binge watching this baby till the end. Season 1: 10/10
Season 2: 8/10
Hank is the best 11/10