After the show, you cannot stop thinking about Thomas Shelby. I've never seen any movie characters that stay in your head like that. In Peaky Blinders we follow a family after the First World War that is always looking for power and money. But a policeman arriving at the city is looking to stop this family, but it's not easy. It will also be noticeable the segregated fight of ghettos like Italians, gypsies, local gangsters and Jews. Peaky Blinders is an excellent gangster drama full of rich, interesting and diverse characters. The fact that Peaky Blinders is a crime series can give the impression that characters are macho men. But this is not true. The series also incorporates many powerful female characters. It has an excellent cast and script. Thomas is a character who uses his strategic intelligence and applies violence to his own ends without hesitation. The film music is the highlight of the series along with Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy. The director does resort to a modern soundtrack that reflects the fiction.<br/><br/>It is estimated that one episode of the series is worth 1 million and 1.5 million euros. This means a rich, detailed and beautiful work of art. Constantly supporting the narrative structure visually, Peaky Blinders often touches upon the working conditions of the working class in Birmingham. Peaky Blinders, with a color scale that chooses to contrast between pale blues and greens, and contrasts with the shades of red, makes the strongest manifestation of emotions in the midst of this unknown, while attributing a distinct obscurity to Birmingham's misty air. Also, the visual effects used from time to time are quite clever. The visual effects used are also quite compatible with the historical theme of the series.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders makes each episode a separate action and drama. It's a breathtaking series where you can see the rise of Peaky Blinders. 9/10 If you like Victorian crime shows like Ripper Street, Whitechapel, Sherlock Holmes etc. then you will love this. There are two differences which make Peaky Blinders stand out. The first is it isn't set in London. Why is this a good thing? It's a nice change of scene, change of accent and culture. Peaky Blinders give you a great sense of what Birmingham was like at the time. The second reason it stands out is it is told from the criminals point of view. You get a feeling of belonging to the Peaky Blinders and despite all the terrible acts they carry out there is a fundamental decency somewhere deep down in Thomas Shelby.<br/><br/>The cinematography is great, the storyline is great the only thing I would challenge is the accents. They sway in and out of the Birmingham accent but its a decent attempt and probably unnoticeable to anyone not from Birmingham. I've heard that they didn't want the accents too strong because it will be airing in the US. Anyhow...I'm loving it! Cillian Murphy's portrayal of Tommy Shelby is worth watching for alone. Simply phenomenal, a masterpiece! I for one am a huge fan of this compelling series. A wonderful dark industrial landscape, great soundtrack, rich characters that have real depth played by quality actors, all to the tune of a great script and an interesting time line. You an clearly see the similarities with the high quality US series and they have gone for this market and there is clearly lots here that could make it a fantastic long running series.<br/><br/>Sadly, I am concerned that the BBC won't be able to retain the quality levels and we won't see it evolve in the way that the sopranos (yes I compare this show to the sopranos and boardwalk empire) evolved. Please push this internationally, let's keep it on our screens and see it develop. This period in UK history is rich with trauma, upheaval and change, the backdrop of industrial Birmingham is new and trumps the well trodden New York, Chicago, and London gangster scenes. For writers and producers this represents very fertile ground and allows innovative story lines to emerge.<br/><br/>Keep peaky blinders on our screens..... The campaign starts here! Peaky Blinders is one of the most unique British dramas ever made. I would even go as far as to say TV history in the making. Negative critics of the show seem to have overlooked the fact that this is the first time ever that this side of British gangster-lore has been documented. Off hand, the only thing that comes close to this style of gangland depiction is the first half of Once Upon A Time in America, were we see the heroes struggling to escape the deprivation of ghetto life. This is where Peaky Blinders stands out from the typical run-of- the-mill crime show. There is nothing glamorous about being a gangster in this world. As far from LA Confidential glitz as you can get, the viewer is forced to get down and dirty in the horseshite-ridden streets of post WW1, working-class Birmingham. <br/><br/>The attention to detail, the costumes, the sets, particularly the Lee family dwellings, have all been created to the highest standard. As is the quality of acting, which is undeniably as good as you'll find in any prime-time British drama.<br/><br/>Even though people on this particular forum have not had much positive feedback about the series, believe me, the connoisseurs of this genre have been very impressed thus far. Furthermore, the show seems to be building up to climatic ending rather than simply documenting a day in the life of a Peaky Blinder. The more observant viewers will see subtle 'tie-ins' between each situation and be able to follow the flow of events without obvious prediction. This is what the drama audience thrives on to stimulate analytical debate after each episode.<br/><br/>If it doesn't get rave reviews, I will be disappointed but not surprised, as Peaky Blinders has all the makings of an artistic and timeless cult series, possibly appealing more to purists and true fans of the cult/gangster genre. Well done BBC. I find every episode, far away from others, I think every episode is a masterpiece. Music and angles of camera, my God!! I was not expecting it to be this good,I really enjoyed all 4 episodes. The story is interesting,the acting is brilliant and the cinematography is just beautiful!I am eagerly waiting for the next episodes.When I compare Peaky Blinders to other popular TV shows that use sex,brutality and violence to shock the audiences and get high ratings(which they actually do)this sincere work is like needlework;fine,classy and detailed.The makers of this drama have not chosen the easy way,they have set off to make a first class period drama,that dares to be different.Cillian Murphy is at his best,I will even go as far as to say that this is one of the best performances I have seen of him.Sam Neil and Helen McCrory must be praised,all casting is perfect.Peaky Blinders sets high standards for other television dramas to follow. Just watched Season 5. This series succeeds on so many levels, it's scary.<br/><br/>My only beef is having to wait for season 6. Outstanding. Dirty Pretty Things was good - excellent script, cracking acting... but it wasn't Peaky Blinders and this latest effort by Steven Knight is sublime! A couple of the Midland accents left a little to be desired but that is absolutely the only fault - and one to be easily ignored in the face of great writing, casting and direction.<br/><br/>Sam Neil does "villain" with such ease that it's hard to recall all his non-villainous roles, or at least hard to remember them fondly. And his Northern Irish accent is excellent! Muphy proves, beyond doubt (if you had any to begin with), that he's not just a pretty boy - he kills this role in so many ways.<br/><br/>A dark and Macabre, moody, sexy British drama - something for the BBC to be proud of. And it's been a while. Cillian Murphy and Sam Neill are Amazing. I started watching the series because I saw that Sam Neill was in it, and that other guy who had a bit part in the Batman movies. As I watched the series I found myself extremely impressed with Cillian Murphy's acting. That was one of my first thoughts. As I watched on, I realized that the entire cast was great. The writing, character development, the acting, the soundtrack, the camera work.... the grittiness of it all. Usually a series takes a show or two, or even the entire first season to pull itself together into something great, this show started of spectacularly and rips right through the gate! As a big viewer of the fantastic US drama series that have been available for the past 8 to 10 years, I am surprised and impressed with this series. It is thoughtful, has enough twists to keep us slightly off balance and the lead character - Tommy Shelby - is mesmerising. It also feels very real, which one would expect of the BBC, and I find myself thinking about it long after I finish watching each episode, so I guess that makes me engaged. such a shame only 6 episodes though - that is where the American series really do generate cult followings. Hopefully, Series 2 is being greenlight as we speak. And thank you Red Bee for the sub titles! Peaky blinders never ceases to amaze me. Just finished season 5 and still leaving me wanting more.
This is not my typical type of TV show but once I gave it a go it's now my all time favourite
Plus Tommy is so good to look at.. The premise is very well conceived and overall fulfilling. This may be the show to look out for to make it through the long stretch. High production values, brilliantly realized and meticulously detailed...intriguing characters that are unique and well written...fantastic cast all structured in a solid engrossing narrative. The integration of modern music gives it a very other dimensional feel that is richer and has more urgency than that of other period pieces which often come off as caricatures of themselves (cough- boardwalk empire). Authentic and powerful, I see this ascending to peoples must watch list. It is exciting to see where they are going to steer this one. This is my first review and I just had to do it. This show is outstanding in every aspect! acting, background music,the customs, details, its just unique. When I compare Peaky Blinders with other TV shows that use drugs, sex, and violence to shock the public and get high ratings for that, this sincere work is on whole different level; classy, elegant and simply amazing! Cillian Murphy is at hes best, pure excellence! Aldo its not only him, the whole crew is excellent, especially Shelby brothers and Tom Hardy (this is probably best acting of Tom Hardy ever).<br/><br/>I have never rate any TV show or movie 10/10 until I watched this show. I am a HUGE fan of Peaky Blinders<br/><br/>Kudos to Stephen King and whole cast! Keep up with this masterpiece! After watching broad-walk empire and finding it one of the dullest shows driven by boob exposure and shock value, and just as I thought that T.V is being dumbed down... Peaky blinders arrives. With a take on historical facts put together into this genius piece of art. I have to say i'm breathless . The acting is both engaging and real , the directing is done to absolute perfection , and the feel of the whole show brings darkness and a slight sense of humour that keeps you entertained. Also a show that doesn't parade naked women around every 5 seconds deserves a full 10 / 10 on that fact alone! Clean , dark , funny, alive, and real! My perfect show finally on TV! I just hope they make more!!!!! As a born and bred Brummy with a mild interest in our history, I'm really pleased with this series. Firstly that we're not being overlooked for London, Manchester or Liverpool, and we're being allowed our own history, which is interesting and colourful.<br/><br/>At first glance the downstairs of the Shelby house looks too big to be the ground floor of a terrace, and people seem to be using their front doors far too often which, since there seems to be a significant amount of 'respect' being shown and rules being followed, it irks me that this protocol's being ignored. That said, it does look better to have the character using the front door.<br/><br/>My other issue is accents. In fairness, for the most part people are doing an amazing job - most real Brummy accents do not sound like the caricature most people think of, and this is being respected by the actors with only the occasional slip... except for Aunt Polly. Helen McCrory is a fine actress - a mistress of the Brummy accent she isn't. Her performance is making up for it however.<br/><br/>The Jamaiacan preacher amused me; as pointed out by another reviewer this actor is Benjamin Zephaniah: B'ham local and poet. Jamaica did send help over for WWI, so it's not impossible that several men stayed. He is a wonderful reminder that Birmingham has always been a hub for migration - even more so after WWII.<br/><br/>Sam Neill's performance is amazing.<br/><br/>So far the series is not just telling an interesting story, it's telling elements of Brummagem's history and present in a subtle and interesting way. I hope it continues. This show is amazing. That's all that needs to be said. Watch it. Amazing to see some calling this a masterpiece?! A blend of the comments are correct; the acting is great but it's essentially a higher than average budget soap. Certainly watchable but could have been brilliant. Would have loved to have seen some back stories and their rise to power over a longer succession of episodes, building the characters like all the modern greats have. I'll always remember it as a series that boasted talent most feature films would envy and were let down by the BBC writers. I never heard people talking about Peaky Blinders as they do about other, lower quality, over-hyped productions. And maybe that's what made it even more enjoyable.<br/><br/>I started watching it because it was recommended by Netflix and I felt like having some background noise while doing boring tasks. The only thing I knew about Peaky Blinders prior to this was that Tom Hardy had some role in it.<br/><br/>Wow.<br/><br/>The fast-paced action, simple and satisfying narrative and the impeccable dialogue got me hooked. The cast offers a raw and gritty performance - top notch acting. Amazing decors and cinematography.<br/><br/>Besides the technical side, the characters really got to me. I often found myself rooting for Tommy and his gang members while also feeling angry at them for the injustices they put normal, hard-working people through. While definitely exaggerated, I found most of the characters entertaining and interesting to observe. The only one which I could not stand though was Grace. Glad she didn't stick around too much.<br/><br/>Anyway, definitely worth watching. The first three seasons of this series was phenomenal. Great writing, great performances, good continuity, I looked forward to watching the next episode, always. Then we get series number four with Adrien Brody's lame ass Impression of Vito Corleone. faithful viewers get through that season only to be met with a music video for season five. I got through two episodes and now I am done, what a shame! I can only imagine what they will do with a season six  No longer interested. Peaky Blinder was recommended to me on Netflix by a friend. When I read the summary, I didn't think I'd like it but I gave it a shot. Well, best freaken shot I've ever made. Luckily, I started watching the series when it had all been released so the countless times I've binge watched and pulled all-nighters without realizing it was unhealthy. The show was incredibly engaging from the first episode. The acting was amazing and then Tom Hardy came out in it and to say I was hooked would be an understatement. I wanted to like this show give how many people praise it, but having seen series as good as breaking bad, chernobyl, first half of game of thrones, better call saul, sopranos and others, this show is not among those actually good shows, but it is as good as, lets say westworld, though for entirely different reasons. Characters are solid, the acting is mostly good I specially like Hardy, but some characters like Polly are very inconsistent and becomes pretty annoying for no good reason other than to keep conflict going in the family. Everything is a little too dreamy plotwise and puts me off with a slight cringe from time to time, its a bit hard to care about the characters when they dont have enough depth, I think it just needs better planning to be what it wants to be, though overall it is good enough, I can appreciate the level of production it has and is undoubtly better than many other shows out there, just not quite among the best, I am very surprised it has an 8.8 average at this point, its more like an 8.4 Peaky Blinders is all style and no substance. Endless slow-motion shots to dramatic music of characters walking, smoking cigarettes, or squinting into the distance. The priority is clearly to make everyone look cool: cool when they're engaging in brutal violence, cool when they're suffering or dying, cool when they're eating breakfast. Every shot is either like a music video or a fashion magazine spread in period costume. The characters are props - lifeless mannequins. None of them feel like actual people, nor are they meant to. The actors here are all good, but they have nothing to do but pose. We're just supposed to be dazzled by how cool they look and sound. The fact that so many viewers seem to think this show is gritty and realistic is a depressing commentary on how on we as a society can no longer tell the difference between the fake and the authentic (and how little we care about the difference). This show and others of its ilk (like the even more popular Taboo) are just nihilism photoshopped to look sexy. Superficially seductive, empty at the core. Cillian Murphy plays an excellent role as a de-mobbed Sergeant Major who is not about to put up with poverty after returning from Flanders Fields. <br/><br/>His leadership qualities have been honed by trench survival and a nothing to lose environment in working class Birmingham. <br/><br/>Small Heath was as much an economic migrant stronghold then as it is now and probably always will be. <br/><br/>The cinematography creates a Dark Satanic Mill environment where the city of a thousand trades is expressed as a dour backdrop to young and hopeful Brummies whose aspirations don't always keep them within the law. <br/><br/>Their violent demeanour is secondary to the story and overshadowed by sharp Edwardian fashion, haircuts and their willingness to overcome adversity one way or the other. There seems to be some integrity to their unlawfulness which could almost be forgiven.<br/><br/>The subtext between Londoner's, Gypsies, immigrant Chinese, Italians, Republican and Norther Irish factions, spice up the plot making it interesting and varied to the main plot of stolen guns from the BSA works. " We've got the machine guns now Tommy and they're in the mud"<br/><br/>Based on truth the Peaky Blinders is a refreshing drama about the criminal classes not based in London or Chicago. Such a nice change even though Thomas can't sleep without his opium pipe. Some things never change. <br/><br/>I'm not one for watching things twice but I have watched all three episodes at least twice as a week is too long to wait for the Shelby's exploits. <br/><br/>Steven Knight NB - please write more episodes immediately, you've hit a seam now please mine it for all it's worth. Peaky Blinders is one of the most underrated TV shows of all-time! It's finally starting to get all the love and hype it deserves as more and more people are watching it and loving it! It's quickly becoming one of the better shows ever created! If you really want to see how loved this show is all you have to do is read through the reviews or look at the ratings. Every season is great! Do yourself a favor & go watch this series immediately! The greatest actors ever and the storyline is so good and we love the way of the series Listen guys, I appreciate the contrast between the old setting and the modern styling, but come ooooon!<br/><br/>Season 5 just seems to have a complete lack of direction and content. It's like I'm constantly watching one movie trailer after another.
All the characters seem to have lost their substance. Everyone is so overdramatic. They're all doing stupid things that make no sense and sometimes look so unbecoming of their character.
Almost every scene is so dragged on to a point that they become boring. By the end of an episode I sometimes found if difficult to remember what it was about.<br/><br/>Again, I have nothing against using modern styling and music to contrast the series' grey, gritty, and dirty time period, but it's so overused in season 5 that it's difficult to stay emersed and follow the story. It all feels so diluted now, so cheesy. Too bad. The first 3 seasons are pretty much a perfect 10 for me. Season 4 is good but what we end up with is polished, cliched, indulged directing and art deco BS. Do not watch the last 2 seasons, whatever you do, because you will forget how brilliant this show was in it's earliest form. Peaky Blinders might be one of the most underrated TV shows or all-time! It's finally starting to get the hype it deserves as its quickly becoming one of the better shows ever created! Every season is just as good as the last! Do yourself a favor & binge watch this series immediately! I didn't expect that. Wow, it was really cool
It took me one episode to stick to it
It has many ups
Characters development is awesome
The plot is great
It's a few episodes only but full of events and sometimes unexpected ones
And the music, how can I describe that
Omg it was awesome, fantastic.
And the main character (Tomas shelby) is great
The first season was well made
I hope it continue this way For me this series was so incredible in showcasing the psyche and changes in each character. The storyline is without doubt a peace of art, but the real magic in the series is when you look back to season 1 and you realize how perfectly they described the development of each individual person. Every character has it's own mystery and something unique, both good and bad, in them, and the writers did incredible job conveying that through the progression of the story.
All recommendations for this one :) First few seasons are great fun.
a bit silly in places but still has an air of cool about it.
Tom Hardy adds a lot.
season 5 is cringey, and boring.
FYI all the actors who portrayed the billy boys in season 5 are now banned from the whole of Scotland Having never heard of this show prior to seeing it on Netflix, I must say I was quite intrigued right off the bat. With a rather unusual name, it stuck out like a sore thumb in my recommended section. After finishing the first season, I immediately watched all 6 episodes again. Now that i've finished it twice, I can easily say this is one of the best shows on British TV currently, and can stand toe-to-toe with anything HBO or Showtime has to offer. "Peaky Blinders" touches on a relatively unknown and fascinating portion of British history, and is supported by some of the finest acting I have ever seen on TV. <br/><br/>Let me preface this by saying I am an American living in the midwest, so the subject material in this show is something I never knew existed. "Peaky Blinders" takes place in post WW1 Birmingham, which is a time and place I can't say I was very familiar with prior to watching this show. Following a street gang who runs various racketeering and gambling enterprises called the Peaky Blinders, the show unfolds as a northern Irish detective(Sam Neill) comes to Birmingham to sort out a case of stolen machine guns. Things immediately start off with a bang, and rarely let up throughout the 6 hour show. Cillian Murphy plays the stoic, admirable leader of the Peaky Blinders, Tommy Shelby, and is easily one of the most likable anti-heroes I have seen both in TV and film. His character is smart, savvy, and equally ruthless, and despite all this, you find yourself rooting for him throughout the show. This is a phenomena similar to that of The Soprano's Tony Soprano. That is, no matter how many terrible things these characters do, we always find ourselves championing them and hoping for their success. The writers do a fantastic job humanizing these larger-than-life characters, making them relatable to the everyday person. <br/><br/>Next, i'll touch on the acting. Sam Neill and Cillian Murphy easily steal the show here, making both their characters incredibly fun to watch. Neill does a fine job with his northern Irish accent, and while not entirely perfect, it is indeed very believable. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, nearly knocks the very difficult to impersonate "Brummie" accent out of the park. He speaks too slow at times, which is an unfortunate perception of how Birmingham folk speak, but for the most part he does a fine job and continues to show why he is one of the best accent impersonating actors in the biz today. The supporting cast does a solid job at this, too, which adds to the overall immersion of the series. Overall, everyone is believable for the time period, as nobody really knows what the dialect was like post WW1. <br/><br/>Apart from the fine writing and acting, "Peaky Blinders" has some pretty incredible set pieces as well. Birmingham is well portrayed as the industrial giant it was after the war, and throughout the show you see some period sets that will blow your mind. From narrow, cobblestone streets to steel mills shooting fire into the streets, you really get a feel for what this time may have been like. The city of Birmingham has been leveled since WW2, either by bombs or city planning, so there was some artistic interpretation as to how the city would look. Despite this, the show does a tremendous job building the city from the ground up and making it seem believable. For me, this brought the time period to life and gave me some insight on what the city would have been like in 1919. In "Peaky Blinders", Birmingham is a character all on it's own, which adds a rather interesting backdrop for the actors to work in. <br/><br/>Without giving too much more away about the plot of the show, if you are a fan of crime dramas and period pieces, definitely check this show out. The acting, writing, and special effects are all top notch, despite the show's relatively low budget. The creators definitely chose their spots as far as how to spend the budget they had, and they did an admirable job doing so. The first season must have done quite well over the pond though, as the second season will feature one of my favorite actors currently, Tom Hardy. Don't let the funny name fool you, as "Peaky Blinders" is one of the best shows out right now, period.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Season 4 was just released in the states on Netflix, and I had the pleasure of binging it in two days. "Peaky Blinders" is still a fantastic show, even with a slight drop-off in season 3 (in my opinion). Season 4 came back much stronger, though, and I give Knight a lot of credit for keeping this show alive and interesting across all these arcing seasons. Without giving anything away, I must say that Adrien Brody did a fantastic job in season 4 as the primary antagonist which is something I thought season 3 lacked. This show is still top notch, and Cillian Murphy continues to impress with his acting ability as the nefarious Tommy Shelby. If you haven't watched this show yet, or perhaps haven't completely followed along, do so "by the order of the Peaky Blinders". ;) Keep Watching On Internet About How Great Story, Acting And Cinematography, Now Let's See What Happens Next Early on I loved this show. Prior to watching season five I decided to watch season four again. The slow motion shots should go out the window at this point - it's just getting plain ridiculous. Add to that shots of characters parading into a room, with an air that they are the coolest people alive, like a teen given better clothes and a better hair cut on the first day of school - that is also really trying my patience. If I were asked what character recently portrayed on film annoyed me most I'd have a hard time thinking of anyone else but Arthur; if I was a Peaky Blinder I'd shoot him myself. But this is perhaps due to a good character, played by a good actor, that is irritating. Above all though, the vast majority of the music irritates me; could they not blend music of the time while retaining Nick Cave's intro and randomly chosen outros? Or how about the cliche parts where Tom never meets a woman that isn't ready to drop their panties for him - is this something that was borrowed from that awful show Entourage? And so, my struggle to get through season five goes forward. I've gone from a 9/10 at the end of season three, to a 7/10, and now to a 6/10. Wish me luck. There aren't many shows that I would re-watch 3 times and like them more after each time, this one is one of them for sure. The story, characters, setting, costumes, music, everything is top notch!<br/><br/>The whole cast is amazing, especially actors potraying the Shelby clan - Cillian Murphy is unbelievable in role of Tommy. Cillian Murphy is down right amazing as Thomas Shelby. The rest of the acting is also really good. The cinematography is really top notch. Its exciting, gripping, and deep with character and plot development. So why isnt is a 10 then? Well to be totally honest.....its the choice of music. There are certain times when there is a conflict that the background music switches to this hard driving rockabilly stuff that doesnt fit the time period at all and just makes the entire scene feel a bit corny. In these moments the show starts to feel like songs of anarchy only it's set in 1920s england. It's not a huge deal breaker, but for me it's way out of left field everytime it happens and makes the whole scene feel disingenuous and forced. Because of this the show feels a bit less believable and immersive and takes on an almost novelty feel to it, and it happens often enough for me to not put the show among other recent greats. It's a really good show, but masterpiece?.......that's a bit of a stretch if you ask me. Sopranos is great but does not even come close to this masterpiece. Phenomenal television series. Eye wateringly mesmerising. Edge of the seat brilliance. Underrated. Need more people to witness the thrilling, groundbreaking feat that this show is! This second season has exceeded its expectations and has brought more action, drama and suspense to our television sets. The creator Steven Knight has captured in my opinion one of the most realistic and exciting series available to date. The casting for Peaky Blinders is excellent and 'Tom Hardy is outstanding' his cockney accent and attitude is together funny and scary, along with top hat and cane his appearance is a statement in itself. Tom Hardy is recently becoming my new favourite actor from this and his fantastic performance as Ivan Lock in 'Locke', another accent changing role which he executes flawlessly. Another great performance in this season in particular is that of Sam Neil, who plays Inspector Chester Campbell, A manipulative police inspector with cruel intentions. He is despised by all due to his excellent acting in this role, you forget he is the once loved Dr. Alan Grant in Jurassic Park. Helen McCrory also gives a fantastic purpose to the series and gives a wonderful loving but stern performance, (a woman not to be crossed) with an impressive accent considering her well spoken voice. Not forgetting the Peaky Blinder Mr himself Cillian Murphy gives a attention gripping performance leaving you admire him but yet still fear him. there's nothing the Peaky Blinders wont do to become kings of Birmingham! I look forward to what the next season will bring, I'm hooked! 'To the Peaky Blinders'.<br/><br/>Justin Kemp This used to be a gritty crime drama until about series 5, when the PC idiots at the BBC started getting their woke hooks into. Now in the latest, it's nothing but a load of feminist claptrap. 4 out of 5 members of the board of a company women?? in 1929?? Really?? Goodbye. As a fan of Cillian Murphy, I watched the 1st episode in great anticipation of his role -- To my surprise, Sam Neill's role is the most captivating of the cast -- While Mr. Murphy plays the strong silent type, it is something we have seen him play before – Regarding the role of C.I. Campbell, the writer's of Peaky Blinders will probably get awards -- Mr. Neill lights up the screen with his superb demonstration of dialog well-written -- I simply do not see Sam Neill but the character, C.I. Campbell -- One small criticism -- the one flaw the British t.v. shows/writers fall victim to is the need to "tip" the plot ahead for the viewers -- Just when I gladly welcomed the fresh writing of "Sherlock" and "Downton Abby" and their use of unabashed surprise to keep us watching, the writers of Peaky Blinders revert to the tried and true very "British" way of keeping viewers tuned in -- talk about spoilers to a story line ! I will continue to watch "Peaky B", and welcome these characters in my home. Absolutley love this TV series, one of the all time best for me.
Season 5 as good as the other 4.
Great story line, sublime characters and always the last episode a great finale supreme witha cliffhanger.
I'm not from Birmingham I'm from Stockholm, Sweden. Wow! Exciting! A much hyped good looking and edgy new crime drama. Can this pull me away from unsatisfactory emails and muted responses to my spontaneous Facebook posts? I relax and stare at the High Definition screen diligently.
 
Thrown into a dirty, industrial, post WW1 Birmingham; struggling for opportunity, devasted by the horrors of the most critical war in history and acutely aware of the quick riches to be made in vice, we follow the fortunes of the Shelby family. Ruthless, savvy and turned out with surprisingly good suits and haircuts, can their struggle satisfy the demands of my hum-drum, easily bored and passive life?<br/><br/>Not short of intreague; communists, police, government forces, rival gangs, The Church, aristocracy and some mysterious Russians amongst others, all whisper, cahoot, shout, shoot, steal and kill in a violent and complex web of crime, seduction, lies and murder. <br/><br/>Sensorarily and emotionally you will be bombarded. Characters built up to be wholesome are mercilessly butchered and the Brummy tongue transports you away from familiar Guy Ritchie Sherlock Holmes cockney London into a bustling, urban population gasping for an identity of their own. Powerful performances do keep you gripped, Most notably Paul Anderson as troubled Arthur; destructively battling his demons head on, never quite finding a path to salvation. <br/><br/>The sometimes brutal deaths of innocents, not to mention the often brutal and vicious deaths of the guilty form a dark cloud over developments. Murder, near murder and beatings become common place, often uninspiringly used as a plot mechanism. The main characters, in spite of what we know about their level of involvement in the latest nefarious plan, have no release, outlet or spiritual motivation. Not one character breaks the mould of a tortured individual; paralysed either by duty or fear, reluctant moll facing a moral dilemma or a key decision maker weighing up politics and the bigger picture. And so they whisper, cahoot, shout, shoot, steal and kill into further turmoil before the grand resolution, which Shelby leader Tommy (Cillian Murphy) is burdened with all collective hope to make it good.<br/><br/>What troubles me is that because the lead characters are so torturously greyscale, I find it hard to justify the ultraviolent, scheming and totally immoral lifestyle they choose. For every life Tommy Shelby saves countless die, some he kills with animalistic brutality by his own hands. The palpable relief felt by the audience at the end of each climax isn't that of joy, hope or victory; merely satisfaction that a tumultuous catastrophe has been averted and the characters you've been rooting for are more or less intact.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders leaves me entertained though morally perplexed. Despite its style and good acting, I feel unrewarded. It certainly distracted me from a life far removed from the Shelby post Great War Birmingham canals, though ultimately I'm no happier or informed and scarred with vivid graphic images of murder and death. This show is a masterpiece. The cinematography, acting, music... everything. Unlike a lot of shows that seem to dwindle in the later seasons, Peaky Blinders only gets better. Most remarkable TV show of all time. Peaky Blinders is an outstanding period drama in the sense of both cinematography lighting techniques and the script.
Almost every scene in the episodes offers creative use of lighting that reflects emotional aspect of the play. Particularly backlighting and side-lighting are professionally used in indoors shootings as well as blocking out natural and artificial light. Beautiful techniques in the drama are efficiently utilized to establish the mood of the scene, when light shines on the whiskey glass or the smoke coming out of the cigar. Lighting technique of outdoors scenes, on the other hand highly reflects heavy atmosphere of post-industrial environment in Birmingham. Cloudy weather conditions in England help us feel everyday life through blackish smoke moving out of factory chimneys.
I like the plot most as an international relations professional. It is obvious that the script team behind the production is well-acquainted with history. The storyline of the drama starting from 1919 is like a lecture of European history with references to international politics. It is recurrently emphasized that Shelby boys, who chase opportunities in order to extend their illegal booking business into legal trade, joined the First World War in the Gallipoli front and keep bad memories of this total war throughout the story. Introducing Russian noble family supporting Whites, fighting against Blosheviks after the October Revolution of 1917 and Chinese components of English society, as well as the Italian mafia coming from the US, is another significant part of the script that attributes international and multi-cultural figures to the Shelby story. In addition, demography of Birmingham and UK in early 20th century are nicely defined in accordance with historical facts. The fact that there were numerous gypsy families in Birmingham in the 1900s is integrated with the Irish independence movement within the Shelby family, members of which are half gypsy and half Irish. Shelby connection with the Jewish community is another indicator of demographic facts within the scenario.
Historical turning points and their impacts on the UK from 1919 to 1940 are depicted as well in each season. Extending business to newly rising America, Shelby business is ruined by the Great Depression of 1929 and compensates loss with opium trade from China. The Shelby business refers to global economic events while internal politics in the UK are used by opportunist businessman Thomas Shelby to grow stronger in pre-Second World War UK. His engagement in British political parties and organizations like Economic League, Labor Party and British Union of Fascists pointing out the rise of fascism and socialism in late 1930s, tells us to what extent populism can benefit from political upheaval and economic fluctuations. References to Suffragettes and gender equality as well as to the researches of Freud are significant to mention the history-awareness of script team.
Encounters with Winston Churchill might be the most interesting history-based moments in the drama. Pragmatist Churchill negotiates with opportunist Thomas Shelby, in order to secure high-priority intelligence with regards to national security, in exchange for business privileges. From this perspective the series might be evaluated as an espionage drama. Thomas Shelby's approach to Jessie Eden, an outspoken trade union activist and a member of the British Communist party, and Oswald Mosley, the leader of the British Union of Fascists, are mainly motivated by purposes of espionage.
In other respects, political framework of the script takes us to different international cultural elements as well. Fabergé egg, a jewel created by the House of Fabergé in the city of St. Petersburg in Russian Empire is one of them. Russian Royalty living in Birmingham, fleeing from civil war owns some of these eggs, 57 of which survives today in reality out of created 69. Another popular cultural component ascribed in the drama is English soccer league, which is an essential part of the business plan in the post-Great Depression Shelby business.
In short, Peaky Blinders is a very interesting and detailed summary of 1920s and 1930s world for the audience interested in international relations and history. Looking for something to watch on *.* last night, I found what I thought was a movie, watched the opening and subsequent scenes and became "hooked." I then realized I was watching the first season, 1st episode of Peaky Blinders. The story line took me further and further in until I decided I just had to keep watching and was going to attempt to watch the entire 1st season. The end of the first episode left me anxiously looking forward to watching the next and so on. I can't wait for the second season. I was sitting here watching the first and thought to myself that Tom Hardy would be perfect for this show, then I get online to read about when the second season is going to be released and I see he's in it. My excitement went from a 10/10 to a 15/10. I only wish that there were more episodes in a season but fantastic show all around. Have had it on repeat since it dropped. Perfectly executed. Brilliantly scribed. I suspect it will do well here in the states. My new addiction. Staggeringly good. A truly astonishing, lyrical, poetic and immediate invocation of the violently humane and brutally resilient England that crawled from the abyss of The Great War. This is four dimensional television: where the past redefines the present. Permanently. Also The tense scene between the IRA man and Tommy was the best few minutes of drama I've seen for years. Faultless acting, especially from Cillian and Tom Vaughan-Lawlor. Brilliant British Television. I'm just so glad the BBC has commissioned another series, because this show deserves another 4 series if the writing stays this good. Moreover the comparisons between Board walk Empire are annoying. This has a completely different atmosphere not least because of the working class British setting and the music. You find a "television" series once in a blue moon which blows your mind, and Peaky Blinders has accomplished that in my mind. As of this writing, I'm on S03/E06, which I think is the most well-written and explosive episodes of the series. It's also one of the most amazing series that I have seen. These seem more like mini-features, with almost a full hour of drama. By the time I started season three, I started saying aloud how I love Peaky Blinders and its characters. They thrive on a combination of excellent storytelling and photography. "Breaking Bad" is the only other series that I know which have become the platinum standard of any series that I know exist. I venture to believe that Blinders beats out Game of Thrones as well. The main reason why Thrones and Bad don't live up to what I've experienced with Blinders? The sheer boldness of how the show compels you to understand and even empathize with people who make a living out of doing just about everything illegal that they could ever muster, in a place where just about everyone seems to be about some kind of illegal activity. The complexities of the characters demand that everyone must sell who they are and I cannot for the life of me, find any character who is a "weak link" to the series. <br/><br/>Game of Thrones is a terrific series as was Breaking Bad. Yet GoT has a number of slow moments. Breaking Bad, while rather straightforward regarding the plot, was just somewhat unbelievable when viewed through the lens of real-life probability. Blinders is deeper and more raw, without looking to any sense of patronizing emotions to give a sense of redemption. Blinders takes off the blinders by asking which holds more value, between family, friends, relationships and business transactions. Or, whether money is really what can repay the emotional anguish of those casualties called "relationships." Blinders has been throwing some really interesting plot twists and I've finally been blown away at where this series is heading. <br/><br/>I remember the first season where a young Winston Churchill was introduced, and I feel that was probably the slowest part of the series - even GoT suffered from the need to explain who/what was happening, while Breaking Bad simply jumped right into a whirlwind of trouble thrown the way of Mr. White. Stick with this however. These characters have truly embraced their roles and the photography and writing seem to actually have gotten even better. I'm not one to ever have been interested in an emotional investment of series characters but this so far has been my finest emotional investment. The violence sometimes is quite intense. So much so, that my wife stopped watching by the second season. Considering the date in which Blinders is told, I expect that the violence might be rather extreme. <br/><br/>Perhaps I'm being unfair in even speaking about GoT and Breaking Bad, two other exemplary shows which made me loyal to their broadcasts. But Blinders keeps raising the production bar like the other two haven't quite done. I didn't have to try to like Peaky Blinders .. Everything about it felt like a revolution in TV drama .. I think I even compared it to The Sopranos .. I'd heard the criticisms of the gratuitous, indie-soundtracked slow motion shots, and mumbled, breathy dialogue, but brushed them off .. Before long I'd bought the first season DVD boxset and sprouted a 1920s military haircut ... Unfortunately the sheen and style of the series wears off eventually .. About halfway through season 2, I suddenly became aware of the complete absence of any kind of compelling narrative .. Evidently things happened, but by now the monotone delivery and haircuts felt like they had nowhere to go .. I read an interview with the writer, Steven Knight, in which he boasted about how he'd already got nearly a dozen seasons written, and could reel off a script in an afternoon .. Well, great work if you can get it, but a stark contrast to the year-long team-writing process behind a single season of Breaking Bad .. Where Breaking Bad creates a narrative worthy of a Russian novel, and The Sopranos shows profound insight into the human condition, an episode of Peaky Blinders feels like 10 minutes of hastily scrawled script, padded out with brooding shots of people smoking in dark rooms, walking in slow motion, and generally loving the smell of their own farts over a one-dimensional selection of 90s and 00s indie .. In fact it's astonishing to me that an episode of The Sopranos and Peaky Blinders run to about the same length, as where each episode of The Sopranos feels like a self-contained movie; an episode of Peaky Blinders has less script than the average Jay-Z video .. All in all, a huge missed opportunity - a show that gets so much right, but fails to look beyond its own style for anything resembling a story or character development. The best of British gangsters movie out there..
" literally drop the mic"🎤🎬🏆🥇 Took a million attempts at getting into this. I tried to watch the first episode I reckon 10 times. It was hard to understand. I kept hearing good things about the series and thought if its got 5 seasons it must be good so I finally pushed through and now i'm hooked! It has a real sexy bad boy theme too it, classy fashion, high intelligence and a good level of violence to keep you engaged thereon. Cillian Murphy and his brothers in the series are a real highlight. Could not think of anyone more suited for the role. There is great humour and typical bluntness which gives a great laugh. From ghetto gypsy so high rolling 1920's gangsters! Gangster movies are not my thing but this is definitely different! Highly recommend! Its not often I give anything a 10/10 but Peaky Blinders is one of those exceptions............<br/><br/>I honestly thought the BBC would never again make a drama of this calibre, but how wrong can you be. Set in Post war Birmingham, England it follows the story of the Gangster stroke book making Selby family who run their gang called the "Peaky Blinders" who hide razor blades along the hem of their peaked caps and use them to devastating effect in violent confrontations. The two older Selby Brothers Tommy and Arthur are both veterans of the First world One trenches and are as tough as the old boots they once wore and learnt how to fight in one of the worlds toughest arenas and on the means streets of Birmingham. This is a true gangster drama which is breathtakingly unique and dispenses with old gangster clichés and most stereotypes, The acting is first rate, the characters are human and believable right down to the Unionist bigoted Northern Irish policemen moved from Belfast to Birmingham and the sinister IRA elements, throw in some tinkers, gypsies and London crims and it completes a masterpiece, the modern musical score used is not out of place and adds to the dramas uniqueness. Move over Boardwalk Empire there's a new kid on the block. Why does the BBC insist to bring racial integration and LBGT rubbish into productions that plays off in a time when it just wouldn't have happened?
They are such part of this utterly globalist community and are trying to push this rubbish down our throats!
Used to think this is worthy of a 9 but no more... If you are a crime thriller fan, Peaky Blinders' your answer. Everything about this show is phenomenal. If you enjoy dark period pieces with a heart of gold - this is your show. It dances with the devil, dressed to the nines. Writing, acting, cinematography, sets, costumes - all top notch. Cilian Murphy is outstanding, as is the rest of the cast. The best serie goooooood workkkkkkkkkkkk Thomas Shelby makes smoking look healthy. Cilian Murphy nailed the character. Easily one of the best TV Shows ever produced. If you are a fan of Action genre then this one is the best for it. Along with the action the storyline is also great and keeps you hooked till the very end of Season 5.<br/><br/>The actors have not just acted but have completely lived the characters. Cillian Murphy as Tommy is just mind-blowing every emotion that Tommy is going through you can feel that same. The attitude with which he carries that character makes the series more great.Cillian just makes the show more great.Every other actor especially Arthur has done very good job in their respective roles.<br/><br/>The storyline will keep you engaged from the first episode itself and you will have to binge watch all the 5 seasons once you start watching.<br/><br/>Season 1-4 are great. Season 5 maybe a bit slow and deviates from the original story a bit but in the last two episodes you again start feeling the story building up to that great cliffhanger.<br/><br/>Can't wait for Season 6 ! The BBC originals crime drama the Peaky Blinders is already a new sensation and have many admirers of the show. But is it the actual story of the Peaky Blinders? As the director Steven knight got the inspiration to make this show from his grandfathers' story and is actually being made through his perspective of a 10-year-old boy because men are smarter, stronger and handsomer and horses are big and everything is bigger: and everything is intimidating as a kid. Which actually worked and made it possible for everyone to believe and ask the question to themselves that is it true? The Book "By the orders of the Peaky Blinders" written by Steven Knight himself describes the characters that were much younger than what we can see in the show. Which means that there is something even more about Peaky Blinders that was not covered in the show. Which also makes it clear that the BBC crime drama we watch is the perspective of the director Steven Knight.
Now, the justice is done to the characters of Shelby family by the magnificent performance of Cillian Murphy, Paul Anderson and Joe Cole; yes, the Shelby brothers won the hearts of the viewers with their brilliant and enthralling acting. It will not be fair, if I don't mention about the post traumatic psychological acting of Cillian Murphy was extra-ordinary. It will stick to your soul forever and you will wish to be sharp-minded like Tommy Shelby. The kick start to the shooting of the season six is started for which everyone is waiting. There are many actors who really want to join the cast of the Peaky Blinders, but let's see who can make it.*Possible spoiler prediction* But there are characters like Minister of Propaganda of Nazi Germany Joseph Goebbels, Chicago mob boss Al Capone and Adolf Hitler can be encountered in the season Six of the Peaky Blinders.
Each episode of the show is in itself thriller and drama. There are different sides of Peaky Blinders that you will experience when you read the book and watch the series. 8/10. Steven knights writing pulls you in straight away. The main Character Tommy Shelby is intriguing from the outset, with very strong characters surrounding him. Outstanding performances all cast members. Too many to mention. A period of time in Birmingham that I never knew about. Great watch. The show is absolutely awesome and is in my Top 3 best shows ever. Thomas Shelby is a sight for sore eyes. I was absolutetly amazed by his performance. The Cast is phenomenal as Tom hardy is also there. The characters are well written and the Show as is good as it gets. We get to see Jurassic Park's Sam Neil, He's a strong character. I am eagerly waiting for Season 6 and the script is also written for it but the production has halted due to Pandemic. The series had a nice first season and they kept the atmosphere and the element of surprise in the final episodes in each season of the series. However, after season two, the story was pretty much some villains wanting to use the family and new women falling for Tommy. The rest was just not that good. The show may walk on a slow rhythm in the beginning but let me tell you this, I've finished the show and to be honest with you all .. Peaky Blinders is one of the best shows aired this year. it's steady, solid and beyond amazing. Cillian Murphy performance is literally great along side with Sam Neill, Paul Anderson and Helen McCrory. The show tell the story of a man "Thomas Shelby" Shelby family is a big name in Birmingham they're the good bad guys against the good bad cop Inspector Chester Campbell played by the great actor Sam Neil but this is not all. the show has deep events and deep story behind it as it's continue.<br/><br/>The show is well done in directing, lighting, sets, acting (Really Hight Production Values) and the whole good scenes as the show goes by it becomes more emotional more clever and less mysterious.<br/><br/>I advise everyone to give Peaky Blinders a chance. It is a great show created by Steven Knight and I'm sure all of you will fall in Love with Peaky Blinders like I did. I actually stumbled upon this show and WOW, I was blown away. The first two seasons are just incredible. The other seasons may not be as incredible but they are still really, really good. One of the best shows I have seen on TV. This show will certainly raise your standards. The acting is just brilliant. The writing does the show justice. You probably haven't seen anything like this before. It's true that the more stupid people are, the happier they are. I saw the best English play this year. The details are handled with great care, and there are various interesting roles that make people interested in learning about Birmingham's history. If you think the plot is weak, you can only say that you despise the details. Must watch
Peaky Blinders moves at its own speed, taking its time to create a portrait of post-war Britain that's as bloody and brutal as it is impressively immersive This is the first review I am writing and this has to be this show!
Omg the most impactful t.v series I have ever come across. And the most iconic characters especially thomas Shelby played by cillian Murphy.
If class has a name it would be thomas Shelby. Just mind-blowing show and you can't miss this go for it. Done with 5 seasons here. And I should admit, I
enjoyed more than I had expected. I didn't know at first, probably around season 1 or 2, that why I love to watch the show but soon enough I had the idea. It was none other than Tommy Shelby, the character played extraordinarily by Cillian Murphy, who got me hooked in the show.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders whirls around the life of ex-soldiers who served Great Britain in WWI & dug trenches & tunnels under the enemy encampments to blow them off. Having seen the worst of the worst during the war, the ex-soldiers, on their return to normal life (which is not normal at all), form a gang named Peaky Blinders, who soon after it's inception, attracts the attention of all other bigger & smaller gangs of Small Heath, Birmingham. Led by Tommy Shelby, the gang runs bookies on horse races and a pub store and other small dirty businesses, at first, but a mistake made by Tommy himself, leads to the change of events & after that, there's no stopping by.<br/><br/>As the story in the show takes place after the end of World War I, you can expect everything that is the part of the start of 20th century, be it the rise of Communism & Fascism, the capitalists' rage over communists, conservative values of the then Englishmen & class differences in English society.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders is also an amazing display of one of the charismatic acting performances in TV history, especially that of Tommy Shelby, played by Cillian Murphy and Arthur Shelby, played by Paul Anderson. Plot twists, astonishing action, beautiful cinematography & profound dialogues are the things that make Peaky Blinders the best pick to watch!<br/><br/>Season 5 ends on huge cliffhanger & now gonna have to wait a year, or more for the season 6 to come out :(<br/><br/>Till then, enjoy watching it. You won't regret! 😉 Just loving Cillian Murphy in this super cool role! The energy here is so crazy, everyone should watch this. This is so perfect! This was a great surprise, I agree with the prior review Boardwalk Empire falls flat when compared to Peaky Blinders. The acting is topnotch, The story line is awesome, I love how real life characters are added to the story, very good character development, the costumes the scenery are very convincing, I'm watching the first season back to back, that's 6 episodes an hour each. I can't wait for season 2. Cillian Murphy as Thomas Shelby was an excellent choice he becomes Thomas very convincing, Sam Neill as Inspector Chester Campbell is also dead on, he does a great job, and then there's Helen McCrory as aunt Polly & Annabelle Wallis as Grace two beautiful women perfect for the rolls they play, I can go on and on but I'll stop suffice it to say Peaky Blinders is now my favorite show and a must watch. This is such a binge worthy show that I'm holding back the last couple episodes like slowing down before the last few chapters of my favorite book. I'm not ready for it to be over just yet. As someone else mentioned, this show is all about character. You can't help but root for the Shelby's, regardless of how horrible they are. There's a line in the first season, "You are bad men, but you are our bad men." Pretty much sums it up. <br/><br/>Cillian Murphy is the backbone of this show. He says more in his face and through his eyes than any of the dialogue that comes out of his mouth. Although, don't be mistaken, the writing is excellent. However, being the ignorant American I am, I finally had to turn the subtitles on! My ears got used to the strong accents for the most part but I found myself rewinding at least once an episode to either catch a phrase I wasn't familiar with or because the dialogue was too quiet. So I just said to hell with it and turned the subtitles on - now I'm catching way more. I also wasn't familiar with too much British history between World War 1&2 - so I've found myself looking different bits up to find out more. We've had American gangsters in film for years, but this is a fresh and new experience. <br/><br/>I mentioned Cillian Murphy but the other stars of this show are incredible in their own right. Helen McCrory's Aunt Polly could hold her own against Gemma Teller any day. Paul Anderson and Joe Cole are perfect as the brothers. Anderson tortured and erratic, Cole steady and loyal. Annabelle Wallis and Sam Neill are both compelling and Tom Hardy is Tom Hardy, if he's ever bad I haven't seen it. <br/><br/>If you like a show that's character driven but with an exciting, dark backdrop - definitely worth checking out. TV has really gotten better the last few years. You will adore Tommy Shelby And of course other Shelby brothers, if you watch all the seasons! I've watched this enthralling series from the start and find it to be first class entertainment. However, Series Five started, as expected, with the same captivating story lines, but from episodes four to the final showing, I got the feeling the writer's may have been changed. The events were a-typical as to how the leading character - Tommy Shelby - would handle them. In the previous series we have been left in the dark as to his intentions, which adds greatly to the suspense of the programme. But this time we were given the whole scenario and how he planned to deal with people and events encroaching on his kingdom.
It didn't have the same feeling of suspense that the previous episodes gave.
So, were the writers changed during shooting? This is one of the best shows i have ever seen! Everything from set design and music to charter development, acting and story is exceptional! If you're looking for a great tv show to binge, here it is! If you have watched a lot of good shows, just avoid it!!! I had heard a lot and had expectations, but was so disappointed!!! Peaky Blinders is stylish, with some interesting photography but just seems so fake, anachronistic and basically implausible. At times it is as historically relevant as Steam Punk. Why is this not being shown on the major channel at prime time ?? Not only is it beautifully shot, the cinematic shots draw you into the life's of the characters, putting you on a personal level with them, I was left felling disappointed every time it finished and eager for the next episode. Murphy delivers a fantastic performance , as if he was made for the roll, not to mention really suiting the period clothing !! The tension in the story line had me on the edge of my seat, I so wanted a happy ending....... Please make another series, loved ever second of every episode....... This will stick in my mind as friends in the north has for years to come. Brilliant. The first 4 seasons were tremendous! A great story, beautifully written, keeping you attached to the screen everytime...it could have been one of my favourite series ever...BUT:
Season 5 is full of nonsense dialogues, agressive feminist propaganda, nothing is happening! The characters are becoming boring .. you just wait and wait and wait and nothing!! Really disappointed with how this season turned out. I finished season 4- episode 6. I couldn't continue to watch Season 5, because there were too many events which always at the last moment something happened which they're really illogical things "like the traditional Indian movies"!
Especially in the war against Changretta, in many occasions the Italian could kill Thomas easily but they don't! Like they want to play games not War! And they're waiting for him to kill them.
Respect for this Series' lovers, and also respect to Indian for mentioning their movies. Did anybody else notice how once Netflix took this show over there was way more unnecessary torture, violence, gore, and creepy sexual encounter scenes?<br/><br/>The first 2 seasons were tasteful and left me wanting more. Cillian Murphy is amazing. Grace really sucked but it is what it is. Season 3 has been borderline ridiculous, we turned it off in the middle of the 2nd to last episode. The gore was pretty much gratuitous, the sex scenes super duper weird and uncomfortable. Like, why tho? Why were these scenes necessary? They didn't bring any more understanding to the story. Hopefully they can get their priorities straight moving forward. I really enjoy this show otherwise. Review of Series One:<br/><br/>PEAKY BLINDERS has been lauded by many as the BBC's answer to the likes of US-made fare like BOARDWALK EMPIRE; it's a show chronicling life for Birmingham-based gangsters in the 1920s, and with a couple of decent actors in the leads it looks like pretty much a dead-set win. Indeed I've just heard that it's been renewed for a second series, so it must have done something right, but I'm afraid it left me utterly cold.<br/><br/>The problem I had with the show is that it just feels so drawn-out, padded and predictable. Whole sub-plots and story lines are dragged out over six episodes when they should have been cleared up in a single episode or two maximum. The likes of GAME OF THRONES have the pacing just right so that the viewer doesn't get bored. Yes, there's merit in slow-burning atmosphere and character-building, but I just didn't like or care about anybody involved; the old Catherine Cookson adaptations of the 1990s did this sort of thing remarkably and PEAKY BLINDERS never comes close.<br/><br/>Instead we get one clichÃ©d scene after the next, complete with all the ridiculousness the BBC can throw at you: ultra-slow-motion in the hands of a hack director, and modern-day music to make it seem "cool" but which in reality takes you out of the story every time. Cillian Murphy, an actor I've loved in pretty much everything since RED EYE, is surprisingly dull and one-note; he under-plays everything to the point of monotony, and I found myself hating him for a lot of the running time. Sam Neill is excellent, but he can't account for everything, while Annabelle Wallis is vacant, seeming to think that lurking around with her mouth hanging open constitutes acting when it doesn't.<br/><br/>Review of Series Two:<br/><br/>The second series of PEAKY BLINDERS is a slight improvement over the first, mainly down to the ramped-up levels of gore and carnage that have clearly been included to appeal to the BOARDWALK EMPIRE and GAME OF THRONES crowd. This series concentrates on the Blinders gang's attempts to expand in the London market, with variable results.<br/><br/>The production values are better this time around, and the production has a generally well-made air to it. Unfortunately, there are still hulking problems with it, not least the continued decision to include loud, jarring modern music to accompany the scenes. There are so many shots of characters walking in slow motion with fires or explosions in the background accompanied by this soundtrack that you feel like you're watching a music video at times. It's all very dated and mid-'90s in feel.<br/><br/>The main problem with the show, however, is the lack of decent characterisation. The characters are one-note cardboard cut-outs throughout, and to make matters worse, none of them are sympathetic. Murphy just sits behind his desk the whole time, and Tom Hardy's scenery-chewing attempts do little to improve things. Why they brought back two used-up characters (Neill and Wallis) I don't know, because their story arcs are over and both are equally lifeless. A pivotal scene between Neill and McCrory is one of the most excruciating things I've ever sat through. It's the quality of writing that lets PEAKY BLINDERS down, and I just hope they improve on things in the next series; who knows, I might actually start enjoying it then!<br/><br/>Review of Series Three:<br/><br/>Sadly, series three of PEAKY BLINDERS is a step back to the disjointed nature of series one. It's even more of a case of style and substance here, and I would say that this is the most shallow series yet. For at least half of the running time it feels like one big music video, with the lazy use of loud, modern music to put across a sense of mood when really the scriptwriter should be doing that.<br/><br/>The six episodes of this series feel remarkably busy and yet very little actually happens. There are a great deal of new characters in support, including the welcome Paddy Considine as a sinister priest, but none of them actually do very much. Murphy remains a vacuum at the centre of the show, never seeming to develop his character very much beyond the most basic elements. In fact, the only time this picks up is in the very last episode, with intense cutting between three separate story lines adding to the excitement no end. A shame the rest of the series didn't feel like this. When i first saw this advertised on BBC 2, i immediately thought i'm going to like this... and i did.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders is beautifully written, directed and of course acted. The amazing cast and crew were able to give it that 1919's feel with the help of the costume department and they have the best soundtrack, thanks to the music department. Cillian Murphy gives a fantastic performance as Tommy Shelby, the man who was born to make his business successful and Annabelle Williams also gives a good performance as Grace Burgess, the bar-maid with a few secrets of her own. They're accents are spot on and never slip through out the whole six episodes. Sam Neill is perfect as Inspector Campbell, who would like nothing better then to see an end to the peaky blinders and recover what doesn't belong to them. Helen McCroy all so stars as their Aunt Polly, the strong female of the family, who is like Tommy's concision and helps handle him when things go wrong.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders has war, loss, love and laughs, everything you need to create a great piece of Original British drama. This used to be a good series...almost great but now it has fallen victim to be politically correct on the one end and totally liberal on the other. Suddenly nationalism is wrong and it is just a lot of rubbish.
Would definitely not have been tolerated in England/UK of old I never give a ten unless it is blinding so a 9 is excellent but not astounding.<br/><br/>The Blinders really took me to the grit and dirt of post WW1 Britain, it is atmospheric and draws you into the time. It was actually bit of an education of how people lived.<br/><br/>The plot is complex and mysterious and you find yourself trying to guess what will happen next.<br/><br/>There is a fantastic underlying romance cracking on.<br/><br/>There are a good few sub plots spinning about to keep you amused and entertained; a few laughs and feel good moments; a few tragedies to keep you depressed if that's what your into.<br/><br/>I started to relate to the characters quite early on and they are all distinctive. You really feel involved from the start unless you have no social skills.<br/><br/>All in all a good watch, I was waiting for it to come on the next week ... not literally obviously ... I didn't like sit in my flat for a week looking at a blank screen till it came on, but I did look forward to seeing the next episode.<br/><br/>You certainly won't waste your time having a gander! Series 5 - After a rather boring opening episode with a few predictably unnecessary scenes series 5 gets off to a half decent start! You soon get into it and each episode is solid. In comparison to previous seasons, however, it just doesn't compare. With one episode left I can't help but feel so much more could've happened in previous episodes. In general, it's another enjoyable season but lacking in story when compared to previous seasons.<br/><br/>Side note - The amount of 'epic walk' scenes blended together with some quite appalling music needs to stop. Peaky Blinders is essentially the television show that every cable network wish it had. It is smart, fast moving, and cinematic art. <br/><br/>I did not think I would love the show as much as I do. The great thing (but also unfortunate) is that every season consists of six episodes. Every episode is another important piece in the story of the Shelby Family and the screenwriters really pack it with a lot of umph. There really has not been an episode yet, that I have been disappointed with. In fact, I actually find myself wanting to watch the next episode after finishing one, because I just need to know the fate of the characters.<br/><br/>As mentioned, six one-hour episodes are rather quick to get through, and you find yourself wanting more. (But really it seems like the perfect length, as every episode is a fundamental stone in the foundation of the story).<br/><br/>From a cinematic standpoint the series is beautifully done. The set looks great and you feel taken back in time to England in the 1920's. It is definitely this artistic work that is hard to find in television today.<br/><br/>The writing on the show is incredible and mixing that with the cast makes the show explosive. You will find yourself rooting for one of possibly the worst gangsters on television and that is no easy task, as the Shelby Family has more than a few skeletons in their closet. But it is this talent of the cast that makes you care about these characters. Overall, the cast seem to really be enjoying themselves with the characters they play. <br/><br/>If you are looking for a smart television show that keeps you on the edge of your seat - this is the show for you! This was a great show from season 1 through season 4. Season 5 was a complete joke. The storyline was transparent ridiculous and you could see what was going to happen from a mile away. The director needs to find a new job, perhaps driving a taxi, because he certainly can't direct. There is an overuse of modern music that is most annoying and takes away from the actual scenes. It is also used for more than is absolutely necessary throughout the TV show. This new season 5 is like watching a Batman comic go to the movies. I felt like I was watching an episode of Gotham, except Gotham was far more interesting. I'm not sure who wrote this particular season but they should also look to drive a taxi because they can't write. A ten-year-old can come up with a better story line. Not really worth your time. Not sure who watch season 6, which allegedly is coming out, but it certainly will not be me or others that I know that think season 5 was a complete waste of time. I only hope the people who produced the show actually read a review such as this, maybe they'll understand that the show has now become a joke. What a waste of a promising theme. As I stood in front of my laptop screen I found myself wandering a simple why?
Why am I watching this??
At first it was curiosity and IMDB rating. And the crime/mafia theme.
After s01e02 I was convinced about the value of the show but stayed for my girlfriend's sake.
Zero character building. Plot holes the size of craters. 
It almost looks like a parody show in the last 3 episodes of season 1, You don't know weather u should laugh or cry. Characters keep staring like zombies, smoking, posing like models in photoshooting. 
There is no acting, no directing absolute nothing. Only money. costumes, sets and music. Its a shame Sam Neil is in this. And actually the only one who tries a little acting. 
2 stars is generous. Cillian Murphy is perfect as Tommy Shelby! Murphy is able to show Shelby's fierce and cruel demeanor toward his enemies while showing his kind, sentimental personality towards his family. The writing is absolutely phenomenal, with gruesome fight scenes and amazing surprises the audience does not expect. The set pieces are extraordinary, it is very easy to imagine you are in 1920's Birmingham. Tom Hardy is absolutely amazing as Alfie Solomons and absolutely steals the show in every scene that he is in. Paul Anderson as Arthur Shelby is amazing, he is very convincing as a deranged, brutal gangster that will do anything Tommy commands him to do. I loved Seasons 1, 2, and 4, but 3 was a little convoluted and the show's dynamic changed somewhat. Fortunately, the writers were able to get right back on track. This is top 5 of my favorite shows of all time! I suggest this for anyone to watch, but I do warn that it can be gruesome and there can be very vivid sex scenes especially in Season 3 episode 5. You know you've watched something very special when you find yourself thinking about the characters afterwards as though they are real people. The sets are atmospheric and transport you to time and place. The characters are well drawn and perfectly cast, especially the brutal and damaged soul that is Arthur Shelby. The contemporary soundtrack shouldn't work but is perfect. It is a dark, haunting and violent drama, that'll have you sitting tensely on the edge of your seat. The only criticism is the occasional dodgy accent, but if you're not local you probably won't notice. The best drama the BBC have produced in a long time. I know almost nothing about the early 1900's history of England, Ireland, or any part of Europe, so I can't speak as to the show's historical accuracy. Regardless, the sets, costumes, and props together with the surprisingly good acting are very convincing. The cinematography is also impressive, with the perfect amount of saturation to pull you into almost every scene and make it feel like you're really there. Also, it's just the "right" amount of sex, drugs, and violence for a show of this genre to keep you coming back for more, without making it feel like you're watching soft core porn or a cheesy slasher flick. Cillian Murphy does a phenomenal job portraying the head of his budding crime family and dealing with the endless stream of physical and emotional volatility that comes with his position. Overall, this is definitely worth watching. This will be a very short review, simply because Peaky Blinders is the best, most original, series to hit British TV since... since... well, since I don't know what! This review is By Order of the Peaky Blinders (West Country Branch!) After watching the first two seasons I began to understand that this was one of the best tv-series I've watched ever. It is so well done in every way, regarding the music, editing, and style. The characters are also carefully choosen and suits perfect, 10/10 in my opinion! I hoped I had found a diamond in the rough, because I had not heard a lot of people who already knew it. I was not at all disappointed. Rough and filthy sort of scenery with good quality filming and acting to start with. Now I would advise everyone to keep watching, since the characters really do deepen throughout the episodes. Also for the ladies watching, we are not left out ;) !<br/><br/>In my opinion 'The Peaky Blinders' is making promising progress to being one of the big series of this time. <br/><br/>Looking forward to the second season very much! <br/><br/>Your devoted new follower,<br/><br/>Z. Inderwisch Great writing, great casting, great acting, great music, great cinematography. This show has it all. All the characters have depth and a fleshed out with clear motives and personalities. This show is top shelf There are shows that only exist to get a moronic audience to seal clap their way through endless seasons of pandering repetitive garbage. There are others that do flashy stuff infrequently, to emphasize impact upon a grizzly build-up. Peaky Blinders somehow walks a fine line, tilting towards flashy, between these two categories I just pulled out of my ass. At times I find it clever but at others as if I've been cheated; as if a magician revealed how he pulled-off a trick the moment he's pulled a dove out of his back pocket.<br/><br/>I can hardly remember what's happened over season after season, yet I do know there's a decent amount of cool stuff that happens. If that's all you want, you'll probably love it. In Birmingham after the war, the economy was in decline, veterans, revolutionaries and criminals were struggling to survive at the bottom of the society, and the gang forces led by the razor party were making money everywhere. The dark atmosphere, such as Dickens's novels, showed two temperament completely like Atlantic empire. The screen, lens and soundtrack of the play are all excellent. The big scene is magnificent and the small details are exquisite I've been telling people this for years and maybe because of the title it took them years to watch it. But as far as crime dramas go this is one of the best ever made. I don't even like crime family dramas. Combine Cillian Murphy's charisma and a post WWII setting, and you have a winner. Great supporting cast as well. I can't wait for Season 6. In Birmingham after the war, the economy was in decline, veterans, revolutionaries and criminals were all struggling to survive in the bottom of the society, while the Mafia forces led by the razor party were gathering money everywhere. The dark atmosphere was like Dickens' novels. The screen, lens and music of the play are all excellent. The big scene is magnificent and the small details are exquisite. The last episode didn't have a fight. It's a little bloody. Pure teathrical series! Just an amazing performance from all the actors, trama changes in every season but the essence of the Shelby family stays. Really this series its as good as it gets, my firends and myself cant get over it.
Starting series one for the fifth time. I loved every second of this show. It's amazing!!! The actors are great, the acting is really good and the storyline is very well made. Highly recommend!!!!! Except I would have liked more biting more sizzling at many moments but it's ok I enjoy it anyway Englishmen like to talk about personal experience, using the absurd experience of individuals, satirizing the fickleness of the world. What kind of organization and history is unimportant to narrate a meaningful fable. According to Robert Mackey, the screenwriter should extend the story to the breadth and depth of human experience. There is no doubt that the Englishman is particularly good at it. Because they did so well, so cleverly, that they came to the conclusion too quickly, and directly skipped the construction of the meso structure of the world order, such as morality, such as politics. For me the peak of the peaky blinders was in the 6th episode of season 3.
Their performance was amazing, the accent is so musical to my ears, THE PICTURE IS ALWAYS BEAUTIFUL.
You can just enjoy watching regardless what's going on.
I like it all so much except the last season released. It's not that good as the rest. Shillian Murphy has saved a second-rate British drama that started strong but ended in a dog-blood betrayal. Soundtrack and costume set industry conscience. There are some similarities with BOE, but the thickness of the script is not comparable, people are the history of all walks of life in the great era, blinders is only stuck in the police, workers and gangs of the three intrigues of the small pattern. Birmingham was the best choice for the Pike Blinders events. Crowded, polluted and black city
Throughout class differences. The series tells the story of the 1920s when Birmingham was in space
There are two First and Second World Wars. An atmosphere of poverty, economic crisis, communism and conflict
It shows well between independence groups. Picky Blinders was able to do well even
Deepen the depth of social relationships and the details of these problems and engage the audience fully. You and I will die today, no matter who you are, you will only see hell when you open your eyes in the morning. This is how English drama can tell a vulgar gangster love story with grace and high force Class gap is the biggest gap in society, but what do we want? I just want to talk, dance and talk about love, but I don't want to eat and work to earn money. I thought I could sleep forever, but I didn't expect I would wake up. I closed my eyes, thought I could cheat myself, but I heard the voice of leaving. I'm late to the party here as I have been for anything appearing on network or cable TV since 'Seinfeld' went off the air. But it's gratifying in one way, as I've been able to watch the (so far) complete five seasons of "Peaky Blinders" over the course of a few weeks without losing a sense of continuity. I have to say, this is one of the best series I've seen, on a par with shows like HBO's "Deadwood" and "Carnivale", though this one comes courtesy of Netflix and the BBC. The acting is impeccable, with a strong cast led by Cillian Murphy as the notorious Tommy Shelby, leader of the Peaky 'effing' Blinders, as the characters manage to remind us in just about every episode. Without knowing what the title refers to, it becomes clear in a fourth season episode I think, when Finn Shelby (Harry Kirton) earns his brotherly status in the organization by using the razor blade in the peak of his cap to register his initiation murder for the gang. The machinations of the Shelby's are sometimes difficult to follow if you're not attentive, as their alliances and enemies have a way of criss-crossing from one side to another, but suffice it to say, the gypsy blood in the Shelby's generally manage a way to insure their triumph over perceived adversaries. The series is set in 1920's Birmingham, England, with the period detail strikingly imaginative and real. With not a weak actor in the ensemble, it's hard to pick a favorite among the killers and assassins who populate the story lines, but for whatever reason, I happen to take a shine to Harry Kirton as Shelby sidekick Johnny Dogs, who has just the right blend of malice and humor to appear as a well regarded henchman. It will be interesting to see where the story goes next with the start up of Season Six whenever it comes to pass. You can just about bet that there will be more than one instance that result in 'the bleak midwinter'. The 1st and 2nd season was not as s3 ,s4 and s5
From s3 we have started the best things in the show
It is from my favourites and i really enjoyed it
And i think if anyone want to see the series it will be a good choice and i think it will be from his favorites also We need more! I love the story, I love Thomas I pretend more! This is probably the best TV show I've ever watched.
This show is a masterpiece, everything about it screams perfection.<br/><br/>The writing is phenomenal, Steven Knight does a great job at writing an interesting story but yet unexpected with huge plot twists.
There are many scenes that make you explode with joy and satisfaction which isn't something a lot of TV show achieve.<br/><br/>The acting is incredible, the entire cast gives a killer performance to the point where you can't imagine anyone else playing their role.
The interactions between the characters are perfect and so is the acting.
Cillian Murphy is exceptional in this, he is one of the best reasons to watch this show.
He single-handedly carries this show, I cannot see anyone else play the role of Thomas Shelby.<br/><br/>The sound design is masterfully made, the music in this show adds so much depth to every scene.
You can't talk about the sound in this show without bringing up Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds's Red Right Hand, its the perfect theme song for a show of this caliber.<br/><br/>Overall, this show is borderline perfect and deserves the 10/10 however its not the type of show that I would recommend to anyone.
In order to enjoy this show you have to appreciate good television and have at least a bit of historical knowledge of the time period the show takes place at.
Absolute perfection. One of the very well made british drama I have seen in TV Series. Compelling story telling with some really great acting lead by Cillian Murphy and the series that excels in all the other department...acting, direction, story, screenplay and the cinematography. Amazing story and cenarios. The actors are stunning Just started watching this series... it's really dull. Cillian Murphy is extremely good looking, and he's the only thing that's keeping me going with this series. The characters and costumes are a bit annoying to me. The characters are not relatable - many are trying too hard to be cool and hip. Some look totally misplaced (bad costuming) ie., Grace Burgess. She looks like she's a girl from 2015 living in 1919 Birmingham. The hyper-macho bearded guys remind me of a lot of current- day Brooklyn, SF, or Portland hipsters. The 'gangster' haircuts are too well kept. Guys end up looking like Adam Levine from Maroon 5. The story is (from where I'm at) pretty generic - 'cowboys vs. Indians' style. Very 'American' in that way. The music is extremely annoying. Not sure why they feel they have to play Johnny Cash-styled music every time something's about to go down. Doesn't fit the era. <br/><br/>Ugh... I still prefer Downton Abbey. Really enjoyed especially series 1 & 2, also 3 & 4 were good. Series 5 changed it all: characters become inconsistent, new storylines all over (without closing them again), the whole thing just gives the impression that they started with just half finished story book, ran out of money after 3 months and the cutter just did his best to get whatever kind of plot this is out of the existing material. We're now on Season 5. Unbelievably, instead of naturally declining as is the way with most series - the acting, writing, editing, music, sets, costumes, lighting, dolby, special effects - just keep on spectacularly improving.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders is a MUST. What a magnificent cast! What terrific interwoven narratives! Hugely exciting, funny, heartbreaking and entertaining.<br/><br/>Watch it right now.<br/><br/>Remember: Arthur Shelby knows where you live x What starts off as solid "gangster" tale just reaches new heights by season 3. <br/><br/>I am thoroughly impressed at progression of everything, from the story to the characters, to the sets, to the dialogue. It ranges from dirty ghettos (yet beautifully done) to lavish palaces. The acting is brilliant from every character, and the direction gets better and better. The circumstances just completely change every season, which keeps things fresh and interesting. <br/><br/>I must say that even though 6 episodes per season is short as it makes the wait till the next season painful, it actually works in favour of the show. This British format allows the 6 episodes to be jam packed with pertinent and juicy content. You never sense that it's dragging because a lot of things happen in every episode, whereas many shows compromise quality by adding unnecessary side characters and side stories to buffer the shows to 10-12 episodes. I have to confess that I started watching Peaky Blinders a while back, and stopped a few episodes in. That's why this review is a little out of date. I can't remember why exactly I stopped watching. I remember thinking that it was very good. Perhaps I got distracted by life or by another show or I stopped watching television for a while, which is something I tend to do every so often. I love to read, and television shows can eat up so much time that I need to just stop and get back to my books every now and then. I have to confess as well that I only went back to watching Peaky Blinders because I found out that Tom Hardy was in the show, starting with the second season. Those of you who know me know that my obsession with Tom Hardy has gone far beyond a mere man crush to bordering on psychotic fixation. I honestly do believe that Hardy has, in a very short amount of time, gone from being just another great British actor to becoming one of the most dangerous and brilliant actors of this generation. He's also pretty enough to make me question my heterosexuality, just a little bit. Okay, more than just a little bit. The level of Hardy's acting ability is very much on display in his appearances on Peaky Blinders, where, as Alfie Solomons, a London Jewish mobster, Hardy practically explodes off of the small screen with a dangerous, impulsive and unpredictable character. His performance here is reminiscent of a young Gary Oldman, Gerard Depardieu or Jack Nicholson at the beginning of their careers. Hardy steals every scene that he's in, in the same way that those great actors did in their youth. This is no small feat, given that most of Hardy's scenes are with Cillian Murphy, the lead actor in Peaky Blinders. Murphy will be familiar to film audiences from performances in Batman Begins, Red Eye and Inception (Which also includes Tom Hardy), just to mention a few. He is one of those great British film industry actors, and is at his very best as Tommy Shelby and carries the weight of a very complex character in a very complex show superbly. The show itself is about a family run gang in Birmingham shortly after the end of World War 1. It is based very loosely on an actual gang from that time, whose name came from their practice of placing razor blades in the caps of their hats to use as a way of blinding enemies in a fight. The story centers on three half Gypsy brothers coming back from the horrors of the war and establishing their power, led by Tommy, the brains of the outfit. All of the actors in Peaky Blinders are superb, from supporting leads to secondary and even minor characters. The real discovery for me was Helen McCrory as the Shelby boys' Aunt, Polly. In the first season McCrory is just another very strong supporting actor. It is in the second season that her character is given much more to deal with, and we begin to see Judy Dench like moments of such startling sophistication and delicacy that I found myself wondering how I had never heard of her before. The only thing that I did know about her is that she is married to Damian Lewis of Homeland and Band of Brothers fame (Also one of the actors considered to be competition for Idris Elba and Tom Hardy for the James Bond Role...) and that she had been in a Harry Potter movie.. McCrory is absolutely stunning in this role and so are so many other actors. The writing, by Steven Knight, most recently of Taboo fame, is superb and powerful and the show has the same kind of dark intensity as Taboo. The third season does start off with more slack than the first two seasons, largely because the characters are in a very different situation than we have seen them in up until that point, but the tension returns as the season continues and, at the risk of bordering on a spoiler warning, I can tell you that, by the end of the third season you will very much need to see the next season. I don't know why I stopped watching Peaky Blinders the first time. I must have had a reason. But, whatever that reason was, I was definitely wrong. Peaky Blinders is excellent. It is television at its very best, which is saying one hell of a lot nowadays, with so much fantastic TV out there. Don't just watch it because Tom Hardy is in it. Although that is a very good reason to watch anything. Watch Peaky Blinders because it is a damn good show. And Tom Hardy is the bonus. Granted, Tom Hardy is one hell of a bonus. But Peaky Blinders is more than worth watching in and of itself. And don't make the mistake that I did, of only watching a few episodes. The more you watch of Peaky Blinders the more impressive it becomes. It is, in a few words, more than binge worthy. I personally can't wait for season 4... Peaky Blinders is an absolutely magnificent series. The "gangster" genre happens to be right up my alley but this show has so much more going for it than just an entertaining topic. The sets from 1919 England are fantastic and while the characters reside in a dark and dirty world there is a haunting beauty to it. From what I know the story is loosely based on historical figures which makes the storytelling all the more incredible. Most everything that transpires is believable or close enough that it never detracts from the story. Finally, the acting. Cillian Murphy is a powerhouse as the leader of the Peaky Blinders. His performance draws the viewer in and holds them close. Throw in a great performance from Tom Hardy and virtually every supporting cast member and the acting is bulletproof. It is a crime to me that Peaky Blinders is not a world renowned television show at this point. I recommend it 100%. I'll just get my buzzkill out of the way before praising this series...I am a feminist at heart and I get annoyed when the women seem only to serve as love interests and naked yum yum time for the males who dominate the stories. The only woman I've truly been able to admire is Polly (Helen McCrory) but even she seemed to be lost in generic maternal yawnishness for most of series 2. It was only during that moment we all wanted to come, the "Don't @!#% with the Peaky Blinders" incident in the s2 finale, that I said, "Well...there she is...good to5 have her back." Polly is nothing less than a badass b@#$t, the true leader of the Peaky Blinders, the one who makes the final decisions. Please, no more mama crap?!! <br/><br/>I've never been able to latch onto Grace (Annabelle Wallis) because from the start, she presented as a "half-hearted" operative, assigned to infiltrate the gang. She seemed wimpy, and of course, fell too easily in love. What were her motives for becoming a spy in the first place, aside from that sketchy IRA bit I mean? She was even more disappointing in S2. I may change my mind...is she the one person who makes Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) think about other people? Is it she who makes him think about how grabbing up all the goodies you can during your limited days on this miserable ball of mud isn't necessarily the key to contentment? If she is indeed this special of a person, I will like her more in the future. In the meantime, May could have been a really great flipside to Grace, but she's just another love interest. Nothing really special happening with her.<br/><br/>Crime, gangster and mobster stories are not my thing. I think these kinds of men are the dregs of society who will wipe their shoes on anyone in their path to get the things they think they want. Tommy, Arthur (a highly amusing Paul Anderson), John and the other Blinders are damaged men. They came home from brutalities we can only imagine. Their life experiences have left them...disallusioned to say the very least. Now they want what they can take. They hate the law because they feel they served their country and something is owed to them. I get it. But using people, lying to people, stomping all over people on your way to the top? We all know that on their deathbeds they will be no happier, no more fulfilled than they are now. It never ceases to amaze me. People just don't stop. Each side has to have the last word. It is war, and war is hell.<br/><br/>Sounds like I hate this show? Not at all. My ability to cheer on Polly while knowing she's a ruthless bitch is what entertainment is all about. Sure they're the dregs of society. Sure they're loathsome, but they are, like it or not, our protags. I find it so much easier to love and identify with Polly and Tommy than with Sam Neill's scumbubble of an agent to the Crown. He's supposed to be the good guy, but he's really slimy. Kudos, Mr. Neill!!! Actors who love their craft can be so good in a role you end up hating their guts. <br/><br/>No I can't say I find it perfection, but it' a great series, riveting in all its repugnance, very beautifully acted and written. It just needs stronger females aside from the formidable Polly. Peaky blinders started as an intricate political/crime/family drama with just enough style to borderline appropriation for the 1920s era its set and excellent pacing with its storytelling and character development.<br/><br/>I started watching season 5.<br/><br/>Sadly, the show has deteriorated into a pathetic showcase of multiple slow-motion walking scenes, poor storytelling and agenda pushing feminist nonsense that had no place in the 1920s. After being hugely excited about the arrival of this show, I have to say I abandoned ship halfway through the second episode. <br/><br/>It feels like a show that needed to be made ten years ago, when it might have felt fresh and compelling. As it is, it appears to have been diminished through the 'drama by committee' process that so plagues the BBC. <br/><br/>Episode 1 felt like an expensively-dressed Boardwalk Empire impersonator (out-of-town cops coming to get our heroes? CHECK. Mole sent in to get on the inside? CHECK. Trouble brewing with rival gangs? CHECK.) that wore its influences far too heavily and awkwardly.<br/><br/>Sam Neill was excellent, but no-one else was...and these are several actors that I like. It wants to be something it has neither the imagination nor the stomach for (the slow-moing of the clumsily- shoehorned-in violence with the Lees was as gutless as the whole scene was preposterous).<br/><br/>It may get better, but I for one will only find out by other people telling me.<br/><br/>3/10...a real shame. Season 1-4 among the absolute best series of all times. Way better than e.g. Sopranos. I thought that the fourth season was the end. Then I heard that a fifth season was on it's way and I could hardly wait. Now, I've watched the first 6 episodes and I'm very disappointed. It's as if it's a completely different series (apart from charcacters, etc). I appreciate a well made plots and like smart lines, psychological twists and so on, but to a limit. This is waaayy too much of it. They have tried making it "sophisticated" or something but made it incomprehensive and downright boring. And the soundtrack. Who on earth decided to add contemporary hard rock? Watching these six episodes has been worse than pulling out teeth. Because then, you endure hoping it'll get better. And it actually does. Peaky Blinders doesn't. In short, I'm baffled by the way they've converted one of the most fantastic series made into pure crap. This is just the right show for you. Odd-looking actors, amusingly delivering portentous but "gritty" evil nonsense for angry, low-IQ audiences who have long tired of the Mitchell brothers on Eastenders. Neither artistic nor realistic, Peaky Blinders never even climbs the first ladder of plain old entertainment, either. Sadly for the BBC, pretension does not equal quality, or pace. I'm bored to death on each episode.. I managed to start the 3rd season but so far I haven't found anything interest.. Pitty though cause everyone kept saying how awesome this series is and that I MUST watch it.. Nothing impressive to me Why do they have to inject every single f-ing series with some women's rights BS ?<br/><br/>It's as if a series is not valid nowadays if you don't put in it:<br/><br/>1) women in positions of power that wouldn't have existed at that time and/or place
(e.g. a woman co-head of the Shelby crime family, a woman leading a band of gypsies??, another woman leading the Sinn Fein delegation that "chooses" Tommy for the murder of Grand Marshall,and, as if that wasn't enough, the Russian duchess leading the conspiracy )<br/><br/>2) some women's rights issues (e.g. in the third season all the women marching for "equal pay" and "equal conditions") <br/><br/>3) unnecessary situations/scenes of women exerting power over men or taking revenge (e.g; The Russian duchess treating her husband as if he was her lap dog .... ringing a bell and he shows up ? come on, isn't that a little too much?, Poly killing Inspector Campbell who took advantage of her, etc)<br/><br/>Other series like Frontier are the same load of crap. <br/><br/>If the producers or directors have some kind of "sexism guilt trip" ,go sort it out at home. Peaky Blinders feels like an English take on US series, Boardwalk Empire. The fact is, this English series simply lacks the soul found in its American counterpart. <br/><br/>What set Boardwalk apart from pretenders, is precisely what is missing from Peaky Blinders. Deep, emotionally rounded characters inhabit the world of Boardwalk, whereas Peaky feels rather flat. Its not the casts fault but, instead, it has more to do with very "closed off" characterizations and limited narrative. The result is a series that's difficult to relate to beyond the superficial. Indeed, this series looks like a serious drama but behaves more like an exposition driven gangster/crime series. <br/><br/>Some of the elements in the storytelling are more than a little bit far fetched too. Especially as the series heads into season three.<br/><br/>All in all, I don't dislike Peaky Blinders but I'm not going to flatter it simply because it can afford good sets and acting talent, when a lot else that should be in the formula is absent. Six out of ten from me. I very much enjoyed the first few series of this. An interesting and entertaining plot. Well produced and superbly directed.<br/><br/>Sadly, this is a series which is rapidly going downhill.<br/><br/>Due to its popularity, clearly they are stretching this out for all its worth. The Peaky Blinders are increasingly involved in every significant moment in history - I would not be surprised if the next series involves a flashback of how the Peaky Blinders were, in fact, crucial to the Norman Conquest of 1066.<br/><br/>I'd give the first few series an 8/10. The latest a 4/10. C'mon they are the Peacky Blinders.<br/><br/>This is probably one of the best series for those who like gangsters. Peaky Blinders is right up there with The Sopranos as one of the best gangster series of all time! Fabulous acting, great storylines, beautiful cinematography, music and editing keep you glued to the screen. My wife and I binge watched all 5 seasons in just a few days and anxiously are awaiting the announcement for season 6 which probably won't be aired until 2021. One of the best criminal/mafia series that I have ever seen. Hope it will never end. I started watching this show back in 2013 and after the first episode knew this was something special. The writing and plot are simply on another level and the quality of acting from the whole cast is amazing, specifically from Cillian Murphy. The show is so smart, cool and well put together I don't think theres anything can can come close to competing. The only downside is there are only 6 eps per season. This man is a chameleon and can make any role his own. The series has all the grit and suspense of a good period drama. Worth checking out. This is the most underrated series right now. Its directing is on point, dialogues are well placed and the story is a masterpiece.The protagonist is well maintained,subplots are precisely placed and the characters are chosen very wisely.I conclude that it's a must watch is very very underrated. So I watched the first episode. While the show isn't bad, I could quickly tell within the first five minutes that this was simply the BBC's dry attempt to cash in on the popularity of Boardwalk Empire. It's the same show - same premise (set after WWI, Thompson Gun wielding gangsters vie for control), same characters with the same story function (Thomas Shelby/Nucky Thompson (the kingpin) - his weaker brother - Chester Campbell/Neslon Van Alden (the doggged fed hot on his ass) - a stand-in for Kelly McDonald's character, etc.) - same beats and patterns, developments, structure, unfolds the same way; you get the point. Boardwalk Empire is the better of the two, but this one isn't a bad follow-up if you finished with that show and still want more - hell, it seems like they could be in the same universe. I have to say that this show has a surprisingly great acting from the support cast. Every character feels unique and you'll definitively remember them. In most TV shows you'll have a main character with good acting but with a horrible freaking side cast that makes things unbearable to watch. <br/><br/>This series tells story that's great but most importantly feels UNIQUE which is why I felt so hooked up on it. It takes place in a early 1900 century post first world war with a story revolving around ex soldiers who tries by any means to climb up the socio-economical hierarchy. Boring... Too boring to stand... You are not curious about the forthcoming events because plot is ordinary. And when I thought this season couldn't get better I got the surprise to see Alfie and Thomas together again!! Big smile All the way... Amazing last episode! This series has left me wanting more. I was hoping for at least 10 seasons, but I'll have to settle for 7. The first 4 seasons have been the best Crime/Mob show from UK I've ever watched! Can't wait for newer shows to be broadcast. Wow! Truly great TV with lofty standards that'd make Hollywood blush. Handling its story perfectly, jumping through time and seemingly also naturally progressing the characters over time it's a brilliant process to watch unfold. A simple tale of gang vs gang with slight changes per season you'd struggle to find issue with this product, at least as far as I'm concerned: fantastic performances, an iconic and defined aesthetic, gripping moments and genuine characters all mix together and create a vast and deep landscape within which the show takes place (and that's excluding the fantastic soundtrack consisting of Arctic monkeys and alike, which fits all situations) the action is brutal and gut wrenching but also impossible to look away from due to a level of 'beauty'. Given the chance I could wax lyrical on this product for days, but you should give it a watch and I can't wait for the upcoming season(s) which'll eventually bring a conclusion If there is one "sin" in this totally perfect series, it is that it is precisely much too perfect; almost overwhelms me to experience all at the same time: fantastic turns of the plot, location, customs, acting, light, photography, camera use, and... audio and music! Kind of baroque experience. 
Music would be obvious for anyone seeing it (please, connect it to a good audio system and play it loud!), but I mean audio also: the way it often transfers from the wide scale scenery to the intimate one in the same take, just using audio is nothing short of spectacular. Another of the many remarkable things in PB: some chapters (specially at the opening) are a simply a poem in the use of traveling cameras, color punctuations (the sparks or fire bursts for example, red colors going all over the screen in a time sequence: a mesmerizing visual pleasure).
I think this must be seen several times to really appreciate all the beauty that's inside it. Watched like more than 100 series but this is crazy level of Excitement and suspense it's really the best of the best. Spoiler Alert. I LOVE this show for so many reasons. . . however one in particular, is the strength of its women. They are strong, brave, independent, capable, willful yet vulnerable, not unlike the male characters. This is why I am so disappointed to lose Grace. I understand story lines, arcs, etc. but I could see Grace being a steadfast partner (I believe she and Tommy have a deep connection of love and honesty of true self. Tommy was able to let his guard down with her.) She could walk effortlessly in the different worlds. Grace might have been a force to be reckoned with, especially with a son to also defend. I enjoyed Annabelle Wallis portrayal of Grace as woman who played her hand close to her heart, until her love of Tommy began. This grew right into Season 3. Her happiness shone in this life with Tommy Shelby and their son. I hate that she is gone. I will keep watching because there is so much more to Peaky. Quite the most riveting Drama I have seen in years and it just gets better and better. Full marks to all who have made this possible.<br/><br/>I read some Mainstream Critics have compared Peaky Blinders with Boardwalk Empire and The Wire thereby missing the boat entirely - Peaky Blinders is Unique. I pleased to read that the writer of the series has said that he has never even seen these dramas - that much is obvious to anyone with eyes to see and ears to hear and I do not wish to demean either series just to say the comparisons are completely irrelevant.<br/><br/>Such a tremendous and deep pleasure to know that there is such a well of talent around and now I understand a 3rd series is in the making.<br/><br/>There is more to this drama than meets the eye - do not be surprised if your 'stable data' about what you thought it meant to be 'English/British' subtly starts to change without your conscious intention! Never forget there is space between words and it speaks also and with such a subtle voice.<br/><br/>Here is script writing of the very highest order delivered by a director and actors at the peak of their game. It truly speaks to parts of you that others do not reach. Wonderful/Compelling the list goes on and on..............................................................and on. Peaky Blinders had an opening scene with plenty of CGI and a Nick Cave song. It makes its signature move by showing that this is a BBC drama production which will not be all frills and bonnets like a Jane Austen adaptation.<br/><br/>This Birmingham of the 1920s is post Industrial, grime and dirt with demobbed gangsters fighting the demons of the trenches with a soundtrack provided by Nick Cave and The White Stripes.<br/><br/>Comparisons have been made with Boardwalk Empire, I am reminded something close to home. The 1970s Birmingham serial Gangsters which had a multicultural facet to its story line, novel for the time.<br/><br/>Peaky Gangsters has a black preacher, Chinese, Italians, Gypsies and Irish from both sides of the divide.<br/><br/>Sam Neill gives the most arresting performance with an Ulster accent. A man of morals but maybe loose principles who has arrived in Birmingham to locate some guns and bring law and order.<br/><br/>It's easy to forget that the New Zealand raised Neil was actually born in Northern Ireland.<br/><br/>Irish actor Cillian Murphy on the other hand takes a break from flirting with Hollywood to do a Brummie accent as the Great War veteran who is the leader of the Shelby family and has ideas to make it big.<br/><br/>He faces demons from the war, has principles but is also ruthless. He is ably supported by actors playing his brothers and Helen McCrory who plays his aunt.<br/><br/>The series had its critics with its modern soundtrack, some dodgy Birmingham accents but it was an interesting story well told but rather few of the moves were signposted, you could guess rather early on which character will be doomed by the end of the series.<br/><br/>A second series has been commissioned and although this not perfect, it is one of the better British dramas of 2013. Don't get me wrong, the initial appeal is fantastic. A bunch of gangsters post world war causing havoc and standing up against the 'man' - sounds great. Unfortunately for all the acting, accents and booze is a story that has no direction. It feels the show is built on the merits of a good bunch of actors - most notoriously Tom Hardy - but has a failed story or even evolution of the characters. The show becomes monotonous and the incidents and the characters predictable. Each season has a focal point but in essence it's all the same. I watched all 5 seasons twice through in a month and I am seriously contemplating starting it for the third time. It is that good.
There isn't a single weak link in the show. The writing is witty, engaging and even funny. Every episode is filled with emotion and action. The actors do a phenomenal job, Cillian Murphy (amazing as always) has one of the best performances on TV ever and his character is so mesmerizing and layered that it isn't possible to look away. The soundtrack is spot on, cinematography is beautiful and the costumes and haircuts are awesome. It is an accessible show with only 6 episodes per season. A masterpiece!! Probly best tv movie series on screens today ! made me google alot of things , alot of questions about fascist party , mafia families . interesting , interesting , damn interesting ! Love the love of Family in these series. If you are true to your family you will be true to others. Just a humble opinion. One of the binge worthy shows ever created. Great storylines, cinematography, acting, and music (nick cave, dead weather, Black Sabbath, etc.). Violence galore though, so not for the squeamish. Possibly the best TV show ever. The quality of the acting, the sets, the costume, the film photography and the story line are unbeatable in my opinion.
The first 10 star review I have given. Traditional period gangster type series. It has all the drama and intrigue you could want, plus and international connection of America, Ireland, England...<br/><br/>One of the best series I've ever seen since The Wire and the Sopranos. Murphy, the lead actor, is fantastic. And he doesn't have to wear giant elevator platform shoes like Robert De Niro does to portray a gangster on film. LOL Each season gets better and better, but season 4 solidified its place as one of the best tv shows in history Adrian Brody gave a great performance playing Luca Changretta, and Cillian Murphy gave could not have been better giving us consistency throughout the seasons I thought after seeing this advertised on what seemed like every other advertising hoarding I drive past I'd give it a look.<br/><br/>What a load of utter drivel - I would have aid style over content but then you have something as jarring and nonsensical as the music they use which is the antithesis of stylish. Whose idea was it to use anachronistic music every time certain things happen - its not as if the dated indie tripe is even what da kids (or anyone) are into any more about as logical like putting a trad jazz soundtrack on a film made in 1965 about the 16th century. i'm completely mystified by that.<br/><br/>And then there's the whole idea of trying to create something "glamorous" about some sordid small scale losers in early 20th century Birmingham - why would you want to celebrate such squalid people in the first place - not that I believe there's more than the slightest resemblance to anything that actually ever happened in this anyway. At least you know when you watch anything gangster from New York or Chicago that there's a basis in truth not just some sordid fantasy of the moron behind this idiocy..<br/><br/>Then there's the usual PC overload which demolishes any final piece of watchability that somehow survived the other parts of the debacle.<br/><br/>This year I've seen one of the best things I've ever seen (Chernobyl) and what is surely one of the worse (this abomination).<br/><br/>If this has drawn plaudits and has fans it really makes you wonder. Seems like this should be a real winner but...I've started watching this a few times & just can't seem to warm up to it. Even though I'm interested in the subjects and the acting is pretty good, the individual episodes just seem lacking. The overall arc feels like it drags on forever too. Since I'm from the U.S. thinking I probably just don't connect with some of the local idioms and nostalgia? So I don't necessarily think it's a bad show... maybe it's just more of a regional interest thing? Having said that, I can only give stars based on my experience.. 6. If it weren't for the jarring pop music that randomly blasts out this show would be, hands down, the most coma inducing show in the history of television. It can go a quarter of an hour without any dialog or sound at all where the camera is fixed on either one or the other of two faces staring at each other. The only action scenes appear to be a single flashback of the same WW1 event over and over and over by the same character. Moreover Sam Neill's accent is the worst ever. Cillian Murphy's is barely better and not a single actor in the show actually sounds like they're from Birmingham. Somehow this family gang of criminals is involved with BOTH the Gypsies and the communists and entire underpinning of the plot arc is they committed crime against the army accidentally and if only Winston Churchill would listen they could put it all right no harm no foul. Well done but painfully slow and over dramatic. Just boring to be honest, got to be the most overrated programme on this site. Also the music is obnoxious. A lot of mixed reviews but I can't really understand it. Acting as though you didn't know what the Peaky blinders are about.<br/><br/>It's a gang of MEN in an era when MEN ruled supreme and the women play their personal assistants. It's like watching a medieval drama and wondering why the women don't tell the man to get in the kitchen and look after the kids whilst mother goes to fight a battle.<br/><br/>It's a loosely based history show. It shows you what it was like for women, foreign people and gay people in these times. It's history for a good reason. We grew up and woke up. But criticism against them for being accurate to the time in which it is set is a bit unfair.<br/><br/>Yes they do a lot of fighting and bloodshed but that was what gangs were like and still are today. They fight over pathetic reasons for money, power and fame.<br/><br/>The series does portray some of the women as strong such as polly who is practically the backbone of the shelby's and recently Arthur's wife has been making a stand for herself as during this time, women wanted more equality and started making the change to what we experience today.<br/><br/>In my opinion Series 5 has been excellent up to now. The fact there's multiple issues keeps it interesting and the switch up is needed as they still have a few more seasons to go until the WW2 alarm sounds.<br/><br/>By the end of series 5 it's inevitable that the Billie boys will be dead, the politician forcing tommy into to join him will die and michaels wife will be uncovered (if the rumours are correct) Incredible actors, production, setting, editing etc except it lacks a compelling story. Season 1 was great but by season 2 it was clear they didn't know what they were gonna do it with. It became terribly unbelievable and the characters have a switch in personality. The character development in the first season is completly forgotten. I do believe the first season is worth the time This is an amazing show, has all elements of what a successful show should have. You can quickly become engaged with the drama and the characters.Cilian Murphy is mesmerizing as Tommy Shelby,never knew he would be so charming and menacing at the same time. I hope they don't stop making this any time soon. Difficult to know where to start. Here goes: over acted, historically complete nonsense, script basic with cringe worthy philosophical anecdotes, dreadful background rock scene music, a predictable plot with subtlety of a sledge hammer. Don't bother. Really a Good series. With extraordinary performance
From Cillian Murphy, Paul Anderson.
Season 1: 8/10 well crafted and it introduced as into the Shelby family
Season 2: 8/10 Crime family get evolve and Sam Neill performance outstanding
Season 3: 6/10 Little draggy but ended with a great note
Season 4: 8.5/10 The best Season with extraordinary performance from Adrien Brody as Luca Changeratta
Season 5 : 7/10 Great end and makes us to wait for the upcoming season
..
..
Artistic Gangster Drama There are many loopholes in the plot, the screen lacks texture, the editing is too deliberate, and the screen comparison is just a way of repeated use, which is not interesting, and it is also interesting to have one accent for one family. There are so many shortcomings, but I really want to watch the next season. I think it's a good play. Old classic look was Awesome. I have watched many series but music in this series is great. Thomas Shelby / Tom / Tommy is what you look out for the most. 6 episodes each season is perfect length , nothing more do they show u, only needed they show u. Great story , Great acting . Cillian Murphy nailed it . Bgm is really really good . I would call it a masterpiece I suggest you all go to the movie.Because it is charming. The actors performed very carefully and dealt with the plot well. I like the way he performs.His acting is very natural, not that kind of exaggerated expression, everything is just right. Peaky Blinders is No Doubt the best show with the best cast you can get.<br/><br/>I watched tens of TV shows but the brilliance of this show is simply one of a kind. The story, the acting, the speeches, the effects are pure class. Ive been told to give this a 10/10 rating. BY ORDER OF THE PEAKY BLINDERS! Haven't seen this good show in years. Cillian Murphy killed it!!!
It took me 5 day to watch it all. MASTERPIECE! Cillian murphy suited the character thomas shelby perfectly . One of the best series which is very well directed and written which tells the life of a Man and the Gangsterism around him Peaky Blinders is like a BBC-HBO co-production without HBO's involvement whatsoever; it has British television drama vibes running through its veins and it's got production values comparable to Martin Scorsese' Boardwalk Empire, because this show feels like a response to it. And what a response it is: a loud, violent and beautifully-made period drama telling a story of crime, justice and life in the shadows.<br/><br/>This show's worth a go for any devotee of television drama anywhere. Cinematography, music, costume-designs, performances (Cillian Murphy is just unbelievable...).
An overall excellent production. Waiting for a new experience in tv,then go for it, especially the visuals and screenplay is outstanding and murphy performance is can't be described This is by far one of the best series ever to come out on the "Gangster Drama" genre. The best thing about it is that it doesn't claim to be based on true events, yet somehow has a bottom line that everyone can relate to. I highly recommend this show to anyone who is considering watching it, it's very involving and the acting / scripts / videography is on point. No words do justice on how incredible this masterpiece of a show is. Amazing, amazing, amazing. A must watch. Great story and fantastic artist!!! Beautiful screenplay. Nice to see how this years could have been and which difficult mental problems war and poorness brings. This is the best show i have ever seen.
It follows a Birmingham gang and family lead by Thomas Shelby.
It takes place just after world war one.
The acting in this show is some of the best seen in movies and tv-shows.
The story is so interesting and cleverly written.
It truly is a masterpiece.
It is a must see. Acting of all the casted stars is just phenomenal with an amazing storyline One of the best tv shows ever made. Cillian Murphy is the best. His acting is way too good. Brutal, entertaining. A must watch one. Hands down the best historical tv-show. Everything is greatly executed. It has all the great combination of elements and suspense, and my fav is the drama in this. A great show with unbelievably good actors. Cilian Murphy has earned an award This is another excellent show that is taking too long for the next season to start(just like taboo). Most of the seasons so far only have about 10 episodes which is not enough to keep ratings up and keep the show going. This is another one of those shows that needs a 2 season year, especially since there are so few episodes to begin with, and the long layoff and wait in between is frustrating, when there aren't a whole lot of shows I really look forward to, since so many get canceled. Brilliant series portraying an exaggerated (but who the hell really cares) story set in an absurdly underused location and a period of time that is usually over looked (interwar period). When set up against the Period romantic dramas (Poldark) and faux page 3/Daily Mail portrayals of history (See, The Borgias, Tudors etc) it stands out in a very distinct manner. It contains romance, action, mystery, inter family politics and history in an almost perfect ratio and doesn't seem to have to stretch to "tick" these off. I found myself regularly searching things up on-line in a smug desire to look down on the show with a smart arse (Well that didn't exist) only to be, 9 times out of 10, sent packing with tail between my legs to the shows wiki page. Centring on a culture and accent that is still distinct and visible nowadays it's premise alone deserve applause. The performance of Thomas Shelby is quite literally a pleasure to watch. Cillian seems to saunter through the role with ease as the many layers of his character are regularly exploited and played with by the story. Fair enough, the accents aren't perfect but when you hear interviews with cast members, it is still a very impressive effort all round and with the perceived hegemony of the London accent over the British isles I think that shows like this are extremely important. I am literally waiting for a similarly imaginative but different show set in Sheffield or Bristol to come around. At a time when some people desire to destroy diversity and claim to want to return to a time period like when this is set I was also very impressed with the portrayal of the multiculturalism that was in fact as I researched very much rooted in fact. I am extremely intrigued to see where the writers take the Peaky blinders and on a more curious level to see if this has gotten traction in the US as I think it would be good to remind our cousins that our nation isn't just royals and cockneys in Grey old London Town. Putting the Sycophant/ fan boy part of me aside, If you can't tell, I am just really enjoying this series and I would advise you to take some time off Daredevil or Poldark or whatever and give this a try. More of this please. I was looking for a another series to watch and this show was recommended. I was liking the it, but it started getting old after two seasons. Just hard to find shows that can make it past two or three season that don't turn into soap operas. This is the best British show ever. The acting is unbelievable. Characters are so engaging. The rhythm is slower than Hollywood products, but is not boring at all. The music is awe some. The filming is amazing too.
It is a definite MUST WATCH show. My husband had already watched the series and kept agging me to try at least one episode. I did and I was hooked. I then had a bingewatch and loved everything about it. Worth watching 😁 This mediocre effort should have been confined to one series alone. If you cut out all the 'slow motion' scenes of the characters walking with tough arms at their sides, you'd end up with ten minutes per episode. Murphy is a great actor so I must presume that the money was too good to turn down. The attempt to build a Birmingham UK Godfather saga just did not work. Finally, a line of dialogue near the end of series 5 - "Jesus ******* Christ" Seriously? Whenever a writer/producer/actor resorts to this ugly blasphemy, it usually means they have nothing creative to perform. Garbage. I had no expectations but watched because a story set in Birmingham is rare, about British working class is rare, about British organised crime is rare. I was unimpressed. I found it dull and un-involving and hard to watch. <br/><br/>The sets are very unreal and I was never able to forget I was watching a television drama. The opening sequence was laughable and reminded me of the American movies about Sherlock Holmes but what they would be if done on a tight budget, with few extras, and no CGI. <br/><br/>Thus far I find none of the characters interesting or engaging. They all seem to be cardboard cut-outs. The dialogue clunks along and now and then a character is given lengthy passages of exposition to explain the story to the thick people in the audience e.g. SPOILER ALERT: the dialogue in the museum or the explanation about the execution which was not an execution. Bloody hell! <br/><br/>It is a period drama but now and then we get contemporary music (why?) and bizarrely the poet Benjamin Zephaniah pops up now and then dressed as a preacher and spouting doom and gloom on the ungodly of Babylon. So, is this 1919 or 1979? Can we expect every episode to feature a has-been from real-life Birmingham come to pay us a visit? <br/><br/>It is a dog's dinner of a mess - a nice idea, some talented actors, but the result lacks drama, action, humour, ideas, emotion, aesthetic pleasure. In short, anything to make it worth watching. Some reviewers liken Peaky Blinders to The Sopranos. They have to be joking! This is not anywhere in the same league. If people cannot tell the difference between this creaking BBC homage to When The Boat Comes In and The Sopranos then they should stop writing reviews because they clearly have no idea what they are talking about. <br/><br/>Will I watch episode two? I doubt it. I'm pretty sure it's the best TV show I've watched. (and I've watched a whole lot) The character development is amazing, every character is unique, yet interesting and vital for the progression of the show, the writing is phenomenal and the setting is also on point. The way the viewer feels about the characters, and the amount of complexity and depth of their personalities is also worth mentioning. The acting of course is perfect, not only Murphy but everybody delivers an awesome performance. Great OST, that consists of artists like the White Stripes, the Arctic Monkeys, Nick Cave, David Bowie, Leonard Cohen.<br/><br/>WHAT ELSE TO ASK FOR??? You'll definitely LOVE it! The production design the period pieces,the visuals and music with soundtrack it was Pure Art through out the series,the environment around it was stunningly amazing.Every character was iconic and great as hell the Shelby family,Alfie,Mr Gold and other antagonists and politicians everyone's acting performance was Legendary,the whole series was politically,psychologically and dramatically brilliant,the after-math effects of war in A person was amazingly showcased,the revolutions and the Commies bashing was clever,Every conversation in series is pure Class and iconic,The Tommy Plans and way of dealing in every situation is awesome He's attitude and Leadership was brilliant,the dialogues and punchlines were iconic specially the "By order of the Peaky F#$@$ blinders" one it was awesome,the starting episode is enough to generate interest in series it was iconic the intro and all.the starting season's were more focused on the communists and gang wars,the 4th season and the best season it was full of revenge it was pure shocking and insane season with unexpected situations,the last season was more of a psychological thriller with politics the family conflicts and drama and everyone getting pure insane it was amazing season and only season till now ended with nail-bitingly,jaw-dropping Cliff-Hanger,the only Con in this series is that the starting episode's in starting season's whole intro and start to the drama plot was too fast and confusing although after 2-3 episodes the whole plot was understandable but it was late.every last episode in series is another level awesome it will always end with certain mind-blowing clever plans and surprising ends.the actions and gun fights in whole series is brutal and great,the slow-mo entries with the Swag and awesome costumes it was iconic and great.the intro was uniquely amazing with red right hand music,the whole series is Dark,intense,visually stunning,entertaining and mind-blowing,eagerly waiting for next season after such mind-blowing cliff-hanger,whole series is a Iconic Masterpiece! Season 1: 9/10
Season 2: 9/10
Season 3: 8/10
Season 4: 8/10
Season 5: 7/10 Wouldn't rate it 10/10 for it's worth more than that. Peaky Blinders is one of the most sophisticated TV shows I've ever given a watch. whereas you perhaps spot it as a so-called British old-school TV show, I've always spotted it as an art for it merits to be called so. NEVERTHELESS whether or not you're gonna run your eye over this appreciation post doesn't concern me, neither does whether or not you're gonna give it a watch. I've been realizing one crucial thing in the aftermath of finishing all of five seasons that to have my days spent watching this has been more than to complement my emotional needs. It's an art which I've been spending my time with. Peaky Blinders isn't about gangsters nor a family who conducts racketeering. It's not about Shelbys who lay bets a lot on horse races, nor about gangsters owning a pub. It's about class which money can't afford. It's about intellect that comes with virtue. It's about character that changes as people change, in a day, in five days, in six months, in ten years. It's about love in which everyone's capable of leaving yet the other's capable of waiting. It's about open-mindedness, open-heartedness, self-control, self-respect, and specific mental ability. It's about boldness, and gallantry. It's about family loyalty. It's all about betrayal, a moral standard and its objection, a family and businesses, and love and a duty which does not let you fall. It's old-school yet not outdated. It's fucking old-school yet educating. It's old-school yet sophisticated. It's old-school yet not lacking respect. It's old-school yet modern. FUCKING 10000/10 The show I've been binge watching in quarantine is the netflix original "Peaky Blinders". The Peaky Blinders is a gangster family in Birmingham England in 1919 after WWI. The show is centered around the ambitious boss Thomas Shelby who is accompanied by his two brothers John and Aurthur who swear by Thomas. A gangster family which controls Birmingham, in 1919. Who uses a razor blade in their caps. the gang is owned by the middle one who served the nation during the world war first with the other brother, TOMMY SHELBY.He was the boss, all the other obey him.the show pullout the bobbing of the shelby family.Arthur,John,grace,poly,lizy..all the other had drastic power in play.the show talks about the politics inside The government,The smoke,The whisky and The Tokyo.all the season flees us to the edge of the seats . Waiting for the next. Amazing series, one of the best, highly recommend you to watch it especially if you like old type series, simply amazing AMAZING
JUST WATCH IT, ENTICING, ACTION , CLEVER , JUST THE ABSOLUTE BOLL** I love this show! Great production, great actors, everything is perfect!<br/><br/>Cant wait for next season! Acting Excellent 10/10
Direction fabulous 10/10
Dialogue Writing brillant 10/10
Every Character has done their job perfectly and music is also mind blowing. Please please please give us more Peaky Blinders!! The absolute hands down, best show available since GoT! For me this is one of the best series ever made. For me season 1 and the start of season 2 is just brilliant! Cilian Murphy is perfect in his character. The direction is tremendous, the director gives each character balanced screen space with the main character remain point of concentration. The peaky Blinders will impress you. Don't miss this masterpiece. Tommy Shelby you just played like a boss best show i have ever seen . Cillian Murphy given one of his best performance in this series. Watched all season because of his character which he played absolutely brilliant. Don't miss it. It's not the show I am waiting for to watch, but when I do have the time - it's enjoyable and doesn't disappoint.
Two exceptional points -
1. The music and soundtrack! They are really out of the box and contribute to the story and atmosphere.
2. Very short seasons with 1 hour episodes keeps fillers down to acceptable levels. good series eh....... love CILLIAN so much! Thank goodness for subtitles. My ear is not attuned to many of the accents to be heard in this series as I am not from the island but for anyone else in the same boat, immersing oneself in the perilous world of the Peaky Blinders is more than worth the effort.<br/><br/>It would seem to be yet another saga of yet another group of outsiders banding together in the beginning for mutual protection but then with mercilessness and smarts, rising financially and attempting to carve out a place in the upper reaches of a class system that would do everything it could to keep them down and reduce them to their humble beginnings. The production is, however, of such high quality as to raise this series near the neighborhood of works populated almost exclusively by opuses of a certain Mr. Scorsese.<br/><br/>The writing, acting, camera work, design and costumes are all quite respectable on their own but they all come together harmoniously to pull the viewer into the story.<br/><br/>Among the Peaky Blinders, everyone is damaged and/or deeply flawed and every character seems somehow to be searching for redemption in some way. Others are drawn to them to experience the sexiness of the danger of underworld they represent. Though it may occasionally lead to love, more often than not, it leads to heartache and death.<br/><br/>Why watch something described thusly? Because once you have begun, you cannot stop. Will they make it? Will they rise to the top? Even if they do, will they find redemption or satisfaction?<br/><br/>I am in season 3 and have just watched an episode that may have temporarily answered the question as to whether or not Thomas Shelby is a psychopath. I am therefor not able to answer the larger questions posed above. But I have every intention of watching this excellent series till the end to find out. The only difference between us is that you promised false hope to the poor, and my horse could still win. Soundtrack and costume are great. There are some similarities with BOE, but the thickness of the script is not comparable, people are the history of all walks of life in the great era, blinders is only stuck in the police, workers and gangs of the three intrigues of the small pattern. "We have to go, Tommy's got a plan". An excellent crime drama. This TV show presents those horrible years in a different way, from people who survived the war but in their minds they're still in the war. Amazingly produced, every episode is thrilling. Season 4 the BEST. Wasn't so good at the start, but it slowly set the pace and became enjoyable
Recommended 9/10 This series is amazing and had me hooked straight away. Great story and impressive acting. Well done Amazing show with gripping storylines. It is beautifully cinematic. I'm in love with Thomas Shelby! I love the time they act in. They are all great actors. Yeah i love every character in this series especially im in love with ada throne one of the best designe series ever. But ended like heart break my heart can't take that scene any way worth of watchin Absolutely love it. Have called in love with Tommy!! I think Peaky Blinders is one of the best dramas ever made which has been Great British image to display This series has great music and camera angles and It has evolved in the history of tv.
Of course, the great cast of the original cast, especially Cillian Murphy, cannot be overlooked. I don't have words do describe how convincing Cillian Murphy is in the role of Tommy Shelby. He makes us believe that he is actually like this in real life. When he is hurting you feel his pain, when he is happy you feel his happiness. Hands down one of the best performances I've ever seen. A great series if not the greatest of all time, acting, directing everything is perfect. (Updated after Season 5).<br/><br/>Birmingham, England, 1919. In the aftermath of WW1, the Shelby family are making a name for themselves as bookmakers, racketeers and gangsters. Nominally the head of the family is the oldest brother, Arthur, but the real brains, ambition and drive in the organisation lies with Tommy, the second oldest. He will carve out an empire for himself that will stretch beyond Birmingham. This with the aid of his family and his gang, the Peaky Blinders.<br/><br/>Superb drama, created and written by Stephen Knight. Gritty, realistic, intriguing and highly entertaining. Some great machinations, subterfuges, plots and counter-plots plus a good amount of action and human drama. Think The Sopranos set in the UK in 1919.<br/><br/>Some very clever storylines and plot developments. They sometimes threaten to become implausible and random (especially as the series goes on) but have a way of fitting together and all making sense at the end.<br/><br/>Great work by the main performers: Cillian Murphy, Helen McCrory, Paul Anderson, Sophie Rundle and Joe Cole. The secondary/guest performances include some big names: Sam Neill, Tom Hardy, Aiden Gillen, Adrien Brody, Noah Taylor. Tom Hardy is the pick of the bunch, as Alfie Solomons.<br/><br/>Great soundtrack too. Though set in the early-20th century, the music is mostly rock, and it works. Despite being anachronistic, the music works, giving the series an edgy feel. It starts with the theme track - Nick Cave's excellent 'Red Right Hand', a song that seems to fit Tommy Shelby perfectly. It continues with the scene-specific music and includes some great tracks. For example, in one episode alone you have Radiohead's 'Climbing Up The Walls', Joy Division's 'Atmosphere' and Black Sabbath's 'War Pigs'.<br/><br/>However, after five seasons, cracks are starting to appear in what was until now a perfect series. The plot in Season 5 was a bit loose and unfocused and ends rather clumsily, compared to previous seasons. Still great, but not as good as previous seasons.<br/><br/>Here's hoping Steven Knight quits while he's ahead, rather than letting the show go on after the novelty and creativeness have diminished. the 1st season of peaky blinders burst upon the TV scene like a nuclear explosion. blinding light, sweeping all before it. BUT ....BUT.... is it me lord, is it only me?, or am i the only one who thinks that season 2 has dropped off dramatically. yes it has tom hardy so far woefully under-used & painfully over-acted, yes it has the wonderful helen mcCrory carrying all before her, but...the attempted assassination scene in the equestrian sales centre? ohhh pleeezzzz... last year, at least an 8 out of 10, & was a must see every week. this year i'd be doing charity work with a 4/10<br/><br/>or.....is it me lord, is it only me? What I figured out abouf 2 episodes in is... This show has a striking resemblance to a 1920 Irish version of sons of anarchy lol its super good though! Very happy so far! Well acted, cinematography is brilliant, but the writing is as formulaic as House. Main characters seem to have divine intervention occur in every situation that would otherwise see them in trouble. Any time you think something bad has happened it just turns out it was all part of the main mastermind's plan after all. Like watching a magician try to pull the same trick on you over and over again, I hope it wraps up soon because it is getting very predictable.<br/><br/>On another note, I can appreciate the Citizen Kane nature of the main character, however there doesn't seem to really be any redeemable arc for him. He starts as a scheming antihero that will trade his own family in to gain power and it doesn't ever seem to deviate, which I feel kind of hamstrings any character growth of the other, more relate-able characters. This series is very historical and it really takes us to the time it represents, very good production. the actors are amazing and they fit the characters very well.
if you see this you'll become addicted to it, believe me, each episode leaves you wanting more and more and you can't stop watching it.
you won't be able to stop thinking about Thomas Shelby for real Cillian Murphy is just phenomenal. you either will want to be like him or you'll fall in love with him or both.
my favorite show ever. One of the best series I have watched in the recent days.. must watch!!! Thomas Shelby has something of an icon. He dresses the best, the speaks the best, he walks like no one else. His almost excentric manner is crucial for the relaxed and tense atmosphere. This contradiction gives the show its expressionistic look and type. Brilliant That's it! Yes it's not too short that 3 words have deep feelings that you will never feel till u watch the series . One reviewer said that the 5th season is a disappointment. I totally disagree. Yes, the Peaky Blinders have moved from their original turf, but people grow, move on, grow up. They are still the same people, but circumstances change. The "real" Peakies didn't last long, a short lived era; this show is fiction and can live as long as Steven Knight and the actors agree to allow it to change with the times. The word out now is that it will end at the beginning of World War 2. That feels like a good ending. After that there can be spin offs, which, if the quality continues as is, I, for one, will continue to savor this mythical, dirty, addicting story.<br/><br/>I feel I have to add to this review. As I skim over the complaints, the nitpickers and naysayers, I feel this series needs one more "10" explanation. This show is not a documentary - it is FICTION! It is ENTERTAINMENT! And it fulfills completely if you overlook the unimportant details: the cigarettes they use are not tobacco, and pretty much everyone DID smoke then; the booze is flavored water or juice; the cars have license stickers on the windshields, push button locks and seat belts not available during the era; the true music of the era would make a good comedy for our current times, so music that FIT the tension, the mood, the anticipation, the atmosphere was chosen from the enormous selections available today, and I feel they did a brilliant job of selections. I could go on and on, but I've said enough. Watch the show. Binge like I have. Eagerly await the next season. And put your prejudices away while bathing in the shadows and blood and acting and writing of a fine piece of cinematic entertainment. Set in the 1920's and 1930's. It's a must see. You fall in love with the characters and story lines. It's definitely worth bingeing, my husband and I have enjoyed the first 4 seasons so far. It gets a bit raunchy in the 2nd season with sexual situations and following seasons, I, personally, could do without all that in the story line because everything else is absolutely brilliant. This amazing show is top quality all around. The acting is superb and the cinematography is excellent! Enjoyed it so much! It's way up there on my list of top shows.
A must for all who enjoy quality tv series. Most shows when getting picked up by Netflix after disappearing for a while don't have the same flare or charm it was that pulled people into the initial show. However that doesn't happen with peaky blinders. They brought back ALL the main and supporting actors, whilst upping the budget and adding a couple new big names. The writers and directors are the same so the show literally picks back up where it left off. Cillian Murphy goes right back to form as an amazing Tommy Shelby. Peaky Blinders is back and better than ever. I had heard if the show but not watched it until, by the time the show had been hyped up so much, I just had to binge watch the first 5 series on the BBC iPlayer.
The violence, swearing, drugtaking and bawdiness if the first 2-3 series were a shock. You don't see that sort of intensity in TV anymore so it was a disappointment when, by the time the show had moved from BBC 2 to BBC 1 that the bawdiness was all but gone and you were lucky if you saw a stocking top of suspender. A prostitute that becomes a major character shows hardly any flesh at all!
Having lived in Brum myself as a child, it has to be applauded that such a major British city has been given airtime but the accents are a bit dodgy with no Brummie actors (as far I know).
The storylines are great and keep you watching for the first couple of series but, later if turns into Dallas. I won't say where the comparison comes from so as not to ruin your viewing.
Well worth a watch. Hope the next 2 series they gave planned go back to how things were in the first 2. Peaky Blinders starts out well enough, slick, stylized, and well written, but becomes overly dramatic, boring, disjointed, and thin on plot as it drags on. Put this show out of its misery, already. A show that uses the same tactics every season.<br/><br/>Tommy Shelby can never be hurt, he always knows everything and he can't lose, regardless of the situation. If you're into corny stories with pretty good acting, this show is for you.<br/><br/>If you're not into unbelievable stories where you can predict everything that happens after the first season (due to Shelbys invincibility and all knowing power), there is much better out there.<br/><br/>A group of glorified, murdeorus Gypsies who cannot lose, be stopped, slowed or outsmarted. The acting by Andrian Brody (my favorite acting in the show) and Cilian Murphy is good, but that's the only thing that carries this show. Peaky Blinders may be the best crime family series ever created. It feels as all the dialog was written for each cast member. The story leaves nothing out of the imagination of an audience that has aleady seen it all in the "Godfather" , " Scarface " movies. But with a new twist that makes it fresh and new. With it's roots as a period piece mingled with amazing contemporary music by the likes of " Nick cage and the badd seed" , "The White Stripes " and "Drop kick Murphy" makes it all the more exciting. It reminds us of the bond of family, whether if it's blood or marriage as a true foundation of purpose. Not to mention the respect of the word and the rights of all to be treated equal, makes this a show worthy of a binge. ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS EVER..<br/><br/>1. BREAKING BAD
2. PEAKY BLINDERS Deeply enjoyed, excellent script, excellent acting, excellent directing..... strongly recommend. I would have given it 10 stars except for the damn loud music or what they try to pass off as music. It keeps one person busy with the remote control muting the sound every time a scene changes. That's totally uncalled for and ruins an otherwise good series. It took 2 episodes for me to skip all the rest. It's awful. It could have been good . Just replace the music, the stupid style, the cameraman. All those comparing this with Boardwalk , well open your eyes. Boardwalk was at least believable, had music that did fit and the acting and pacing was perfect even if being slow, because at that time there was still time available in life. Now they make a show which does reflects the same time-frame with music that does not fit and use stylistic camera-work that does not fit. What is worse is the overacting. Everybody is trying so hard.This is bad directing as well. There is so much talent on the floor and it is used in a wrong way. No sorry, not for me. It started off good and continued good through the middle but the end was weak. I hope the writers put more pizzazz in season 5. Looking forward to a few more installments of this series. I think the people responsible for the scenery and costumes deserve an A+. Also would be interesting to know how they make the sky look so gray and drab which I'm sure it did in real life. I had a 9 rating before, after the 5th season, i dropper it to 6. First season was good, it continued slow but had a nice story, good cast, nice cinematography, good soundtrack. Then It got Even slower!! 6 episodes could be easily squeezed into one. But the 5th season...a complete disaster, a waste of time. Waiting for over a year, for a lousy season that had no story, moderate acting, tons of stupid meaningless explosions & no result whatsoever!! I won't be waiting for season 6 and i won't watch it either. I made it through 4 seasons, but I'm done. The anachronistic music, the slow-mo, the snap reversals of fortune and, most of all, the super-human qualities of the main character have left me terminally underwhelmed with this series. The latest season has far too many situations where hails of bullets from multiple weapons miss their marks when directed against cast mainstays, where the bad guys get the drop only to squander it on babble, where every character seems to have been in a dental care time warp. I'm done. I don't wanna tell repetitious words about this TV Show!
i'd like to just give an advise to those companies which creating cigarette cases to build Thomas Shelby's special cigarette's case an make it available on online markets too! The first three seasons are quite boring, but the fourth and fifth ones are absolute masterpieces. Not the best show of all history like many people say, but a great one indeed. The story well unfolded, Peaky Blinders is a masterpiece! Its so overrated , all of my friends suggested me so i TRIED watching it , but it was sooooo boring i fall a sleep 4 times in first episode. i watched 3 episodes more but i realized this show is not for me then i stopped watching. i seriously dont reccomend this show to anyone I would love to say that PB as of season 5 has become a parody of itself. However the truth is more sinister than that. Where PB was once ruled by character development and depth, surprise twists and a superior cast of actors, all PB is left with circa 2019 is a collection of fantastic actors reading ludicrous plot summaries for an audience that's wondering what the hell is going on and why? I never needed PB explained to me even though I am a red blooded Murcian. The plot thickened and exposition occurred in due time and that was fantastic as it was. Now plot is explained to the audience as if they are stupid and anything that could be possibly be construed as a shock/surprise arrives as a telegraph to the audience usually in the first 10-15 minutes of the episode. I thought PB was showing cracks in season 4 yet I still had an undying love for the characters and the world Knight has created. Season 5 however is a tipping point it started bad had a very minor rebound and ended in a fashion where I no longer have any interest whatsoever. I was legitimately rooting for the demise of all the characters. I understand the show is historical FICTION and I am as liberal as a human being can be but the presentation of the past through the lens of an idealized present has helped ruin the show. I am witnessing the unfolding horrors of trump in real time I do not need it presented to me in fiction form where I am attempting to escape it. The demise of this show should be 100% placed at Knights feet he has too many irons in the fire and is just throwing out diminishing return after diminishing return. If he ***** up Taboo god help me. PB is now unwatchable. Until season 3 it was a realy good show BUT season 4???? what the f... happened. Adrien Brody with the worst italian accent ever, full of clichÃ©, so so naive and so so disappointing. I don't understand why they speak Romanian at one point betweent themselves. Either they are Romani gypsies or Irish gypsies, none of them speak Romanian.
I understand Romani and Romania sound the same, but they are totaly different things.
The Romani, colloquially known as Gypsies or Roma, are an Indo-Aryan ethnic group, traditionally itinerant, living mostly in Europe and the Americas and originating from the northern Indian subcontinent.
On the other hand, the name Romania comes from the latin word Romanus, wich means citizen of Rome. As Romania was part of The Roman Empire for a long time. So far I like the story and find it interesting. The acting is pretty good, not spectacular. what I sincerely dislike, and have not decided yet if it's going to turn me off to the point where I just can't watch anymore is the Directing choice to use contemporary music and Guy Ritchie-esque camera work to tell this story. I's ridiculous, pretentious, distracting and so incredibly awkward it makes me embarrassed for the production team. I wish they would just Stop it! I don;t care how good a score this show has on rotten tomatoes or anywhere. I hope they just stop this and grow up already. Just tell the story and have confidence in the art your producing, it's good enough on its own without some DB trying to dress it up in a cheap imitation. Really have changed how I think about this series now. I really loved season 1 and 2 which had characters you really emphasised with regardless of their morals and actions. The scripts were tight and I felt I was looking into a world which may well have been real or near enough to reality. Season 3 I gave it the benefit of the doubt, yes it was so improbable but well I went with it thinking that with that storyline gone they would return in season 4 to the strengths of the show but how wrong was I. There are just countless instances where you are thinking that is just ridiculas just so improbable and all those seemily endless slow motion scenes with Poly and her smug annoying grin or Arthur and his huntched hard man look makes me want to reach for the remote. And while in the first two seasons you really liked Tommy because of what he went through in the war and he had underneath it all a heart this is now gone because they have made him into this lacky for the British State who seems to have no other purpose than making money and doesn't care about anything else. Maybe it should have been called Tory Blinders! People have said this is HBO quality, it isn't anywhere near their standard and just goes to show that American drama is streets ahead of the offerings we get in the uk. Series one was pretty good and then the writer must of had a sniff of poppers,turned proper crap Peaky Blinders Seasons 1-4<br/><br/>I have watched the lot and it is all very entertaining indeed, it really is no more than a stylish soap with caricatures and stereotypes throughout.<br/><br/>It is highly derivative, from Ripper Street or other such dramas and is just about gangsters and there molls.<br/><br/>Having watching Cillian Murphy alongside Tom Hardy I really fail to see what the fuss is about. Mr Murphy does little or nothing and comes from the minimalist school of acting, whilst he is committed to the role he just has the look of a gypsy from the bogs.<br/><br/>I think this series is popular because it represents the absolute opposite of our modern world full of political correctness and liberal authoritarianism.<br/><br/>Some elements are however totally unacceptable even in a work of fiction;<br/><br/>1, violence is not only glorified but normalised and seen as a perfectly acceptable outcome to nearly every situation.<br/><br/>2, all police are either corrupted or corruptible and that reaches from the bobby on the beat to very corridors of power.<br/><br/>3, sex is demonstrated as either an act of violence or existing purely for the gratification of men.<br/><br/>4, nearly every episodes shouts loudly that crime pays and organised crime leads to the possession of houses, cars, furs and every other form of material wealth.<br/><br/>5, alcohol, cigarettes and cocaine feature relentlessly in most episodes and portrayed as great fun without consequences. I absolutely love this show. I am so glad that I was bored and stumbled across Peaky Blinders on Netflix! I instantly became addicted to it! I highly recommend this show. The Peaky Blinders has everything! Action, humor, sex, drugs, booze, and so much more! I have a new found respect and admiration for Cillian Murphy who leads the show as Thomas Shelby, the success driven gangster leader of the Peaky Blinders gang. I binge watched this show and am so happy I did! Do yourself a favor and take the time to watch this show! You will not regret doing so. Peaky Blinders keeps me on my toes. I never know what the Shelby family are prepping to do next! This show is an absolute home run! Superbly thought out film. Well done the BBC and the European Union for financing and supporting this film. I loved the way supporting characters come to the fore play their part then gently drift off screen maybe reappearing maybe not. That in itself is intriguing as I don't have the time to consider their direction as I'm pleasantly carried along by the strong story line. Sam plays the bigoted Presbyterian to a tee whose true character is well confronted by his Sargent before what appears to be the big battle. It's not often that the establishment is shown to be rotten and with an accurate portrayal of the 'Hero' Churchill in his true colours of a vindictive thug who history has shown cares little of ordinary people . The only jarring point for me is the accents which tend to Irish rather that mid English but maybe that is only my perception. A great film that I have happily being unable to guess every outcome so far. Episode 6 is that really the last one??? Liked the episode, but when they went back to the Garrison, it was back to how it looked in season 1 and not how it looked after the rebuild and reopened in season 2. What gives? Shelby brothers are just a treat to watch. One of the best show I have ever watched. Peaky Blinders is an outstanding series,with amazing characters and and acting,perfectly written plots and unbelievable production levels as the way the scenes are filmed is just out of this world.It is definitely already on the package of "best series ever" among with breaking bad, game of thrones ( despite that awful finale), etc, but i really think that if the last 2 seasons (according to some sources), 6 and 7, are as good or even better as the previous ones , it could easily be ,for a very significant number of people , the most brilliant series of all time which would be totally fair since this is just an absolute masterpiece. This show has it all: Excellent writing, music, cinematography, acting and plot. Something I love is how much detail they include in the logistics of their plans. It adds a element of realism you just don't get with so many things nowadays.<br/><br/>What sets it apart from your average production is the writer's strong understanding of suspense, tension and a solid story arc. The arc is clearly visible within individual episodes, and season to season. It is an interactive experience, you become one of the Shelby's, you support them, but you are always aware of their dark side. The writers force you to feel the emotion expected of the characters, as well as to judge their actions. It is made whole by fleshing out the emotional intricacies and complexities of every interaction.<br/><br/>You will not be disappointed, and it only gets better. Great writing, amazing acting !! Each season ends with a bang and can't wait to see where they take us next. Bravo Netflix !! Another Homerun !! This show was insane started off with S1 & reaches S5 within the 4th day itself , I just couldn't stop it was that intense and gripping ! Loved it ! Romanian language IS Not gipsy's language.
This is a huge error of the producer or maybe is just Bad Intentions. Very good movie. Tom Hardy is love and cilian morphy is great man. Usually i don't like a crime series but this show is something different from the first episode you know that this is a good show you just cant stop watch i recommend you to watch this show its worth the time i cant wait for the new season to To be released. This show has amazing writing and incredible actors! Murphy performance is so consistent and plain good! Very surprised how well this series has been able to carry itself. Exceptional acting all carried by great casting. Its a gypsy family gang set between 1919 and 1929 in Birmingham, if you count all the seasons so far. Each season is sort of its own story, same characters, new rival and challenge. Each character offers something into the story and keeps it all fresh. Favorite character is easily Alfie. The man gets in your head. Characters drink whiskey like its water and smoke more than a chimney in the winter, all while struttin in the streets and taking no names. Peaky f*kn Blinders. Its absolutely amazing to experience that as the show makes progress, it only gets richer in everything, be that scriptwriting, directing, acting, or character building. Each season brings out something different about the main story line. I like the show from the beginning. But as it got into season 5, it has become my favourite tv show of all time. Thanks BBC for producing yet another master piece Glad this got so popular, it's been excellently written from start to finish and was hidden away at first.
Acting is all first class.<br/><br/>Lots of people got on board 2018-2019 and now it's finally getting the recognition it deserves! Seriously! It's incredible. If you're anything like me, you watched season 1 and thought... they should just stop here. It can't possibly get any better. In this age of hack writers, identity politics and PC - Mary Sue agenda... we all should've been right.<br/><br/>I've never been happier to be wrong. Sure politics, agenda its all there but it's done in a clever subtle manner that is almost non-existent these days. There's a message of inclusion without feeling preached to. And my god, the acting!<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders is a prime example of what happens when great writing meets marquee talent... the whole project is elevated to the heavens! This show has saved the little hope I have left in Hollywood. That great great talents do exist and every once in a while break through the sludge that makes up the entertainment industry to reach us, entertain us, and most importantly, Inspire us.<br/><br/>Blinders doesn't get nearly enough recognition... and in this current social climate... it won't. Lead white male, strong alpha hetero male characters leading the way... can't have any of that. BTW I'm an African American... been fighting for inclusion my whole life. Great storytelling and inclusion should walk hand in hand... one doesn't need to suffer for lack of the other. Peaky Blinders manages to do it all.<br/><br/>One more thing! The set pieces and costuming department all deserve every award imaginable. BRILLIANT!<br/><br/>Cillian Murphy, Paul Anderson and Helen McCrory are INCREDIBLE!! I watched all five seasons over the course of my Christmas holidays. Now that I am caught up I feel empty... just waiting for another great show to come along. I tell people Netflix is like a vast ocean that is only a foot deep except in spots because there is so much content but a lot of it is very mediocre, this show is a deep spot for sure.<br/><br/>I did find myself getting tired of the formula (I won't spoil it but after watching many episodes back to back you can really see the pattern develop) by the end of Season 5 and found Season 5 itself the weakest of the seasons but overall still an excellent show. There is a particular shot that is used over and over again of people walking, it's kind of strange how they work it into almost every episode.<br/><br/>Would recommend this to anyone who likes crime dramas. There is a lot of violence, sex and drugs in this show so it's not a made for tv crime drama (not kid friendly). Totally fantastic, how to put Birmingham on the world map... Courtesy of the peaky f###ing blinders......... Very very nice Serie, i can hardly recommend it.
Im a Buh Tommy Shelby fanboy After the Series.
Thank you Netflix for the best Serie on Earth. The original 4 series were absolutely blistering to watch some of the best and original TV made. Series 5 has been a bitter let down. All directions and purpose have been lost. Such a shame. I will only take one star off for series 5 as the 1st 4 series deserve no less than 10. To conclude series 5 Blah blah bonk bonk boom boom. Learn when to stop or you end like The Game of Thrones. Great period piece with superior acting, action & suspense.. The costume & set designs are on point with limited CGI background drops... However while watching the show, can't help to be reminded how several story lines seem similar to Sons Of Anarchy which is an all time favorite of mine.. What makes this series awesome is the combination of the story, scenes, soundtrack and character development. Especially scenes are nothing short of perfecrion. A great story and acting everything is perfect about this show must watch! A good friend referred it to my, and it was a good advice
Enjoy !! SPOILERS AHEAD. I MEAN IT.<br/><br/>THE GOOD.<br/><br/>REAL HISTORY. One of my favorite things about Peaky Blinders has always been the way they injected elements from real history into its fictional story lines, often adding shades of grey to things I thought I knew. In Season 5 they'd outdone themselves in that department - the 1929 Stock Market crash, the rise of fascism, and the main villain being Oswald Mosley. Faced with an adversary whom, unlike all others, he saw as a threat not to the Shelby family or their dealings, but to the entire nation, Tommy is compelled to use his skills for something good, which was very refreshing.<br/><br/>THEMES AND THROUGHLINES. Another favorite. Every season has a throughline, sometimes multiple. This time the most obvious one is mercy killing. Also, restlessness, untamability, and impatience - qualities shared by Tommy, his dead horse, and in a way - Mosley. Another one is relationships of like, not love, at least not reciprocal love - Tommy and Lizzie, Ada and Ben Younger, Polly and Aberama. Arthur and Linda? I don't know what the heck that was from the start, but I am glad it's over. Racism is another throughline. As is the concept of seeing - starting with Alfie's ramblings last season and including the scene at the monastery where they force the virulently racist Mother Superior to wear glasses they broke.<br/><br/>ACTING. It has always been strong across the board. The main cast is fantastic. It's too many to name. If I were to single anyone out, it might be Finn Cole whose Michael became a much more complicated, conflicted character this season. On one hand he's desperately trying to establish himself as his own man, on the other he went from being under his mother's thumb to that of his wife. Ned Dennehy as Charlie was finally given a chance to shine in a poignant and pivotal scene. And then there are...<br/><br/>THE VILLAINS. Peaky Blinders villains have been hit and miss. Some, like Billie Kimber and Sabini seemed like caricatures. Luca Changretta was humanized by Adrien Brody, but was written as one dimensional - anything there besides the goal of revenge? Father Hughes was great even if his motives were unclear. And while Inspector Campbell is still my favorite, Oswald Mosley is by far the scariest, the evilest of them all. Sam Claflin, known for his sunshiny smile, sent chills down my spine every time he cracked one as Mosley. And that soft, buttery voice just slithers under your skin. It's a very nuanced and precise performance that is at once subtle and flashy. The scenes between Tommy and Mosley are pure gold. The season's second villain Jimmy McCavern is more of a typical Peaky Blinders baddie - a leader of a rival gang aiming to bite off a piece of Shelby pie, but the way Brian Gleeson plays him makes him oddly charismatic and the season's focus on racism and untamability gave that character an additional dimension.<br/><br/>ARTSINESS AND SYMBOLISM. Another favorite quality that has always been there, but I felt Anthony Byrne kicked it up a notch this season. It worked brilliantly most of the time. I loved the opening sequence the way it jumped between the scenes the were happening at the same time. It was then echoed by a similarly constructed sequence in the climax. I loved Carl playing chess - a game both Tommy and Mosley play in life. And there's something to be said about the union of a communist and a gypsy gangster producing a spawn who seems poised to grow up to be one of Mosley's minions. I liked the barren field with one green weedling holding on no matter how much the wind was blowing at it. But these things work best when they are not easily noticeable. The weird camera angles and the shadows still worked. But sometimes I found the artsy choices distracting. Like Gina sleeping on the floor in the kind of perfect position that made me wonder how she could keep her balance. Or showing the image of Mosley just standing there looking dashing while the real one is giving his big speech. I suppose it was meant to show how the ballerina saw him, but it felt artificial and distracting.<br/><br/>THE QUESTIONABLE.
I can't help noticing lapses in logic. And I can't help remembering things from the past seasons that are inconsistent with the current one. Losing most of their money in the stock market crash shouldn't have made the Shelbys suddenly poor and in dire need of reverting to their old mode of operation. Did someone forget that they still had the factories as well as the race tracks? The show sort of mentioned that they developed expensive tastes, but never implied that they needed the money in order to support their nouveau riche lifestyles. It could have worked if this season's ultimate disaster was linked to the good old greed. Had they not decided to get into football betting, there wouldn't have been anyone for Finn to babble to. They got greedy and also careless. I am not even talking about Finn. Since when are things said in the presence of a barman? And since when are brand new spouses, sometimes not even, allowed at family meetings? I thought it was the biggest blunder when Polly told Michael about the heroin proposal, he said that he needed to consult with his wife, and I fully expected Polly to say, "Are you out of mind?" This is a woman they know absolutely nothing about, except for her being American and all but openly hostile to the family. Yet, Polly just goes on about how much Gina will like the wealth that will come from this highly illegal operation. This was needed because without Gina Michael wouldn't have attempted to take over the whole enterprise, he just doesn't have it in him. Yet because it was never treated as a lapse of judgment, it seemed contrived.<br/><br/>Another thing that had been bugging me since pretty much right after Grace's death - the fact that Tommy was blaming himself for it. In Season 5 the vision of her that is haunting him actually spells it out. It's true, it wasn't the jewel. But it wasn't Tommy's fault, it was John's. Yet it was never ever brought up.<br/><br/>I also thought it was odd that Tommy told Lizzie that she is his property and she just accepted it. Seemed out of character and the whole scene was kind of odd. I thought maybe she was scheming something, but it didn't look that way at all for the rest of the season. One other thread that seemed dropped is that we never found out who gave away Aberama and Bonnie's location to the Billie Boys.<br/><br/>And lastly, about Alfie. He'd grown into a really great character over time and I was glad to see him back. But they seemed to have forgotten that at the end of Season 4 they gave him advanced cancer, so it wasn't just a gunshot wound to the face he appeared to have miraculously survived. Just saying. Peaky Blinders is a brilliant show. It's story line is incredibly well thought out, with dramatic twists and turns in each episode. 1. Plot: It's a story set in between two world wars, about a man who rises above all his obstacles to form a powerful gangster family in England.
2. Acting: The cast overall has a unit brings out the best in them with standout performance from Cillian Murphy (Thomas Shelby).
(can't believe he has not received a Emmy for this role)
3. Cinematography: Visuals are a piece of artwork with stunning backgrounds that capture old age England.
(Slow-motion shoots are a thing to watch)
4. Character Development: The show comes second best to Breaking Bad in terms of Character Development (which is a great feat by itself). The characters of the Shelby family grow beyond hardships to narrate us a gripping story along with the main character.
5. Music: All the above mentioned points are taken to new heights by the Background Scores. Theme music (Red Right Hand) sets you up to the tone of the show. This show is an magnum opus (a masterpiece), one of a kind with impeccable soundtrack, shows how a man builds an empire from a scratch. It has no relation to the real peaky blinders, the blinders in the show are epic. They have build their very own gangster world in the 1900s and the character development is beautiful, it shows what a gangster actually goes through in their world of crime and violence! This show takes you to a whole new world and makes you live the old Birmingham with its cinematography, lightning, locations. It makes you experience and every character with perfect dialogue and speech. ITS JUST AMAZINGG I finished watching the series about two months ago, but I cannot stop thinking about it. In one of his interviews Cillian Murphy said that he is not really sure whether he is doing a decent job in comparison to other people, but he hopes that films can change someone's life and be an inspiration to someone.
I could definitely see the developement of the main character. His cold feelings, no smiles, almost stone heart and fear after the war. The way he behaves, the way he is trying to play the leading role in the family, but at the same time is afraid to be back to the war in his thoughts. It reminded me of people I knew in my life and Cillian Murphy brilliantly filled in all the gaps in such people's lives. That is an absolute victory! All the characters play amazingly, with no exceptions. I am a multilingual human and can watch films in 4 different languages, but I have never sern such strong dialogues in any language. English is not my language and I could easily watch the series in my native language with a translation, but I couldn't handle watching it with voice over translation, as no translations can show the emotions of the character and it feels somehow artificial. The dialogues are very strong, the idea of life, family and friendship is the main idea! And it disarms, because gangsters can still have families and are able to love. They know the price of living. They might be (and probably are) the lost generation as Hemingway used to write about his characters after the World War I, but they prove to be humans. Many more things can be said about the series. I used to save dialogues which I find in Instagram. They truly inspire me and give me a hope for tomorrow. So, yes dear Cillian Murphy, if you ever read this review, please know films can inspire people and you are really doing a great job. No other career has such people as acting career. None of us can impersonate the way you actors do, playing emotions you actors do! Bravo!
P.S. I never regret about anything in my life, but there is one thing I regret about now. I cannot turn back the time and have the same emotions I had while watching "Peaky Blinders" for the first time.
Thank you! This series proves you can't judge a book by the title. The name peaky blinders did not appeal to me so I delayed watching but like so many things once I started watching I could not stop. Cinema photography is breathtaking plot is breathtaking acting is breathtaking. So when you're done be sure to take a good deep breath and wait for the next season. War, guns, knives, challenges, plot twists, excellent sets and costumes - it all takes one to the depths of the marrow of the bone in the art of entertainment. Hits hard every sense. Smell Tommy's cologne through the musty offices. Hear Tommy's raspy orders stemming from anger or seduction while whistles blow and voices mumble in the darkness. Deliciously taste that clean whisky and sweet gin, mixed with the taste of salty sweaty temples. Touch the hard cold steel, the hot fire, and the soft red silks. Such deliciousness in every way. Capitavating, enrapturing mind-mending mood-molding storytelling and a favorite always and forever. Obviously a 9. Oh but those blue, blue eyes thrusts it to a 10 score. From one set of striking blue eyes to another, ah for another season. Wow, Steven Knight is pure genius. This is hands down the most exhilarating drama tv series I've ever watched, from the opening scene in series one episode one, you are drawn into another world, from then onwards you are taken on a magnificent journey through the shelby's life. The haircuts, the crime, the outfits, the drinking and most important of all the acting. Cillian Murphys best portrayal of a gangster is one for the ages, every episode Thomas shelby and co leave you wanting more. I never want this to stop. Okay, so I don't know why everyone feels as if they have to modernize King Lear any more than I know why Sam Neill's taxis are all back-lit, but I'm really just insanely glad that they are. The cool, clean lines of this thing, echoed in everything down to the cheekbones of the lead, are amped up by the Nick Cave soundtrack, and the film's heavy grain.<br/><br/>In the vein of the retake on King Lear, you have a mother ceding her wartime claim on the family's business, book-making, to her two children. One is willful, the other, perhaps too clever for his own good. Casting a shadow over everything are the early days of Irish sedition.<br/><br/>Watch this. Take this in. It's a masterpiece. I immediatley turned off episode 1 after hearing rock music with electric guitars in its 1919 setting. That is idiotic.
For people who don't care or think it actually works: why not remake Amadeus and replace all instruments with synthesizers? Or, better still, remake Ben Hur a second time but dress everyone in 1980's costumes and haircuts while Ben drives his race car against the chariots?
I give Peaky Blinders a 1 score out of 10 because 0 is not an option. S1 to S3 was atleast bearable to watch ( although they were the stupidiest thing i've ever seen) but my God !!! S4 was almost unbearable to watch with bad acting , bad writing ( as they have given the task to 6 year old boy to write a story for them ) and bad direction with zero character building . It seems everything is working perfectly for shelby family as tommy shelby have dramatically escpaed death about three or four times out of nowhere. For all those who think that this show is masterpiece must watch The sapranos, The wire, Boardwalk Empire to get even the slightest idea that what is meant by " masterpiece". Simple an overated series.nothing special.bfjdjru ftjj5uur I love this show and was stationed near Birmingham in the 70s and 80s. Still a great show but some critical errors were made in season 5. First Michael Gray constantly bucking Tommy Shelby is very unrealistic as Tommy has killed more men than smallpox!
And Michael's twerp yank wife seriously needs to catch lead poisoning. I am looking forward to both Michael and his yankee bride dying in the next season.<br/><br/>But the silliest thing is the assasination. Tommy tells everyone and his brother about the assasination. Not good OPSEC for a soldier. Of course one of the multitude he told blabs to an enemy and it gets thwarted.<br/><br/>Also the part about breaking his sniper buddy out of a lunatic asylum to make a 100 yard shot on a stationary target does not pass any test of logic.<br/><br/>I must say this was the most poorly written season. Hopefully they atone for this nonsense in the next season. DRAMA..SUSPENSE..CLASS...HISTORY..PERFORMANCE.. CLASS....<br/><br/>One of the best theme song. "Red right hand"<br/><br/>
Cillian Murphy aka "Thomas Shelby" and the entire cast. Thank you!<br/><br/>A Master piece. Cillian murphy all the way! Powerful Acting, great great soundtracks, unpredictable plots and not to forget Mr. Tom Hardy!! Season 2 was epic especially the epi 6 which says "all my tears be washed away." I used to love this show but I finally grew up.
I'm done. I'm bored. I'm tired of these male stereorypes and male perspectives telling us storys about...men.<br/><br/>In this episode especially, it becomes painfully clear that there is no interest whatsoever to give any of the female roles a true voice or true meaning. All the women are allowed to do is look annoyed, telling the men off and storming out of meetings. Come on.
Although there seems to be a very clumsy attempt on trying to integrate some feminist aspects into the show - a truly cringe worthy scene at the shelby company board's table where a remark is made about how modern the shelby company is. By "having so many females in it" and "the females being both sharp - witted and decorative" - Are you for real?<br/><br/>Overall: Where is the depth, where is the content?
On top of that the music is not doing anything for the story anymore. It' s simply annoying and distracting.<br/><br/>Full stars for the cinematography though. The show is having the visual affect of a five star course with the nutritional value of a cheeseburger.<br/><br/>It is only due to the brilliant performance of the actors that managed to deflect for such a long time from the fact that the story is simply hollow. A dull, slow story wrapped in many layers of cosplay. And the whole thing is the scenes, because the story is quite useless. The acting is decent, but the characters are all 21st century people. So, no, the acting is crap too given the story. While im watch the first season i just waiting to be impressed specily when some my idiot friends recommended it to me but unfortunately 2 days of my life waste foe nothing on that. The bare basics of this show is watching men sit, drink or have sex. There's no back bone and can drag a fair bit. I got all the way to season 3 before deciding enough was enough. No where near enough action and violence compared to sex scenes, nudity and alcoholism. It's a sufficiently more boring and stripped back version of game of thrones in my opinion. Saying that it's great if you're trying to eat dinner with background noise. They seem to only have 3 sets. All the characters are the same and what's worse is they're dull. Zero character development or empathy. I couldn't care less if a single one of them succeed or died. I can't say the acting isn't brilliant, as are the few special effects and sets they have. But I always felt like the scenes were shot 4 metres from the last scene. The whole series droned on with, what felt like, not a lot happening. To this day I have no idea what was motivating the characters. Severely disappointing as I really wanted to see a smart British gritty gangster series back on our screens. There's more heart in episode one of Sons of Anarchy than this has in an entire season and I'm not a fan of anything that's is, on the face of it, Americana usually. I was told by friends to hang on for season 2 but I shouldn't be crawling through a whole season before I find entertainment. And when something horrific happens at the beginning of season 2 to two of the known characters and I found myself not caring I knew the writers hadn't earned my investment. Something similar happens in another series (SoA) to a character you don't particularly like and yet as a viewer I still felt myself empathetic toward the character's plight and wanted vengeance for them. The writers wanted to spend too much time on posturing monologues, which all felt and sounded the same, than building the characters. I'm sorry to say I'm just wholly disappointed Nice style but no content i wouldn't recommend it if you are looking for content it's more of a fashion show As so often with things that the BBC promote to the hilt and say "you simply must watch" (hi Fleabag) I do not see much good in this programme. Shelby got some diffrent swag. This is one of great series I've been watching. Picky Blinders doesn't need much of a preface, but because of his reputation, he's definitely deserving of an unintentional introduction and report. The story of this crime-gang series, which also bears the brunt of the drama, begins shortly after the end of World War I. Tom, John and Arthur, three brothers of English descent and Irish accent, return home from the war. The three's aunt, Pali, and other family members own the equestrian club, but earn more than a bully. Their success in this field, and especially Tom's high intelligence, drives them to cravings for bigger bites, thus telling the story of each season of the series. Like most gangster works, Picky Blinders, with a plot in all its chapters and subplots that have historical, political, and even emotional themes, narrates the story linearly. The series, based in Birmingham in the early 1900s, shows everything from the post-war decorative deconstruction and the economic downturn to its dense and distinctive accent, and provides a platform for violence and historical unraveling. . Fixed views, artistic framing, full use of historical sources, adding actors to the characters for characterization, better treatment of them and their threatening tone, which is not complete, have put Peak Blinders in the House of Works, which has become a topic of discussion for many cinema enthusiasts in recent decades. Is. The only reason to give 7 star instead of 5 isn't Cillian Murphy but Tom hardy Awesome show! It really takes historical fiction to a great new level! That's the masterpiece. Masterpiece. Never seen this kinda creation ever. Every scenes , Camera angels, dialogues . JuST UNEXPLAINABLE. In the film, the Russians are shown to be quite immoral. Of course, some princes were engaged in a bestial way of life. And the actors ' accents are very funny. Is this a political order? But in General, the film is good. It is one of the most brilliant series ever, I would have given it a full mark, unfortunately, season 5 was very disappointing at all level.
Nevertheless, it is the best series i ever watched till the moment .... Peaky Blinders is a drama set in Birmingham right after the World War. In the show, Birmingham is portrayed as this dark place full of crime and mob bosses and it DEFINETELY suits the occasion. The plot just gets better every season. The acting, especially Cilian Murphy aka Thomas Shelby, is over the top. I personally enjoyed every second of this show. The best thing about this show is the fact that the plot is unpredictable and it surprises me every time I watch it. Overall, INCREDIBLE show. And I also don't mind the killing but I do find the killing to be too graphic. I feel that the excessive display of violence is way too over the top and unnecessary. I suppose there might be a large audience demographic that feeds off excessive displays of violence (blood and gore). I am just not in that catalog. Outside of this worthless review, I do try to get past these upsets so that I can enjoy the series. Amazing in every sense of the word however if I was to have one complaint it would be that thomas shelby becomes weak whereas previously he was ahead of the game and one step ahead of everyone but now he seems to be blind sighted by others it was partly why I stopped watching the show around season 3 season 4, it felt like he was no longer in control and he started to develop relationships sleeping with women and got married personally i felt his character could not afford this as he needed to stay level headed to be able to run the gang and if i remember right they come into money and buy houses it doesn't suit them Why all the slow motion walking? Just get on with the story, already. A perfect art direction, a sublime cinematography, spectacular performances, a captivating script, you can't stop seeing chapter after chapter.
a great achievement!
Long live peaky blinders!!!!! You r gonna love this series all characters are amazing ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ The main cast is a well rounded of body of actors and each guest star has been designed to make each season a showcase of work well worth returning for!
Great! If you're looking for something to watch , you can't go wrong with Peaky Blinders. This show has characters that you become attached to with a story that keeps you watching. The set designs are incredible. This show has it all. Drama, Action, violence and a love story.. I wish the seasons were twice as long, as only 6 episodes is just not enough. What's there not to love!!! I love everything about this show! My girlfriend even loves it! Plz hurry with the new season. I need my fix! I miss it sooo much!!!!! True grit. Cillian Murphy shows just how badass & introspective a real gangster can be. Tom Hardy as Alfie Solomons is his best role ever, and all his roles are terrific. Complete psychopath with religion on his side. The women are strong. The period is almost glamorous with a touch of dirt. And the soundtrack... jack White, arctic monkeys, David Bowie, Radiohead, PJ Harvey. This show is a real treat for the eyes and ears and it's not soft or dull with music rising and kissing scenes. It's a punch in your face like the Sopranos or Breakibg Bad or any good show should be. 24 hours of peaky blinders is the best day of viewing ever.
Can't wait for season 5. Is the best serie tv ever, i saw every thing in two week and love it! Probably i gonne see again Superb decors and costumes with striking music...but not enough to cover dull scenario, cliche dialogues and slightly above-average acting by great actors. Show starts to repeat itself already after first reason. Me being a huge fan of Tom Hardy thought I will give it a go only because of him. But right after the first episode, I felt may be there's no need of MR. HARDY as MR. MURPHY is right up there. I am watching this show on repeat and All I can say is that after Breaking Bad my search is over for a show which promises everything I look in a show. The dialogues, humor, acting, thrill and entry of Tom Hardy in second season has made it even more interesting.Recommend this to everyone who is looking for some goosebumps watching TV. PEAKY BLINDERS is one great show from BBC and I wish the entertainment level never comes down. INCREDIBLE!!!!! This show is one of my favorites. It features great character development for the major actors, with very nicely complex plots. The historical background is post Word War I, Great Britain, which makes it even more interesting for myself as an American. There is a little IRA action here and there, and lots of Roaring Twenties music, with drugs (cocaine being called Tokyo or snow) and period culture. There are plots within plots, so you need to keep track a bit. There is some violence, which is to be expected in a crime gang family. Also, the bad guys are sometimes evil or unethical cops. As often in a period show, beautiful costumes of course. Enough sex and romance to make it interesting, but not tawdry ( I wouldn't mind a little more sex frankly). The directors have done a beautiful job, no stinting on sets. Gillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, and the Cole brothers are gifted actors, (also really dreamy). I can't wait to see what comes next. Wasn't really hooked on the first episode. Might've gone further but the spontaneous, crazy rockish music they pump out every time the character starts to travel somewhere is so disrupting. *Spoilers from Ep.6 of S02*<br/><br/>I can't remember the last time I posted about the impact a piece of television had on me, but I just watched the final episode of Season 2, and it was so wonderfully intense, suspenseful, unpredictable, and satisfying. Cillian Murphy gives one fantastic performance, breaking through his gangster confidence into a believable, compelling, emotional breakdown. And the photography of that scene in the field, it was both gorgeous and chilling. The writers so efficiently tied up all the narrative threads, and did so in such a creatively inventive way. This is such an awesome show and I can not wait for Season03. It took me about 2 or 3 episodes to really get into it, and at times some of the thick British accents were difficult to here,I'd just put my ear buds in and enjoy it on my tablet. This is one of those shows that comes around every 10 years or so. But if anyone reads my little input, be advised, "it will take you on a incredible ride" now I find myself looking everywhere for a date or anything about the 6th season. Enjoy. I find the series "Peaky Blinders" sensational, because I am a fan of the climate of dirty history of Europe and Great Britain. This series provides it. It's a masterpiece overall, a great British Crime drama which follows THE SHELBY family's rise from streets of Birmingham to the top of Britan led by The protagonist OBE Thomas Shelby
Everything about each and every episode is just perfect!! I love the first 3 seasons... but since season 4 the show has become more spectacular with less density in the screenplay. Of course I loved Adrien Brody in season 4. From the beginning of season 5 there are too many slow motions, too many stylistic camera angles, some empty moments with music... The plot has become unnecessary complicated and/or spectacular. I still enjoy watching it but from 9 point it goes to 7 ! Message to producers: change the director! back to the basics! Peaky blinders development right from season 1 has been really brilliant it never disappointed me. Casting is brilliant and it feels surreal. If you haven't watched it yet I would recommend it. It is history gold it really captures Birmingham in a way that we would never of assumed it to be unless we know history. In my opinion the series is very good it has many action packed surprises. I love binge watching the series. It is history gold it really captures Birmingham in a way that we would never of assumed it to be unless we know history. So many haven't even heard of this great show. I started watching when I witnessed the enthusiasm Craig Ferguson had for the show in the beginning of the series.
Yes, each season gets better, and as we can see, season 5 is peaking!!! Sorry no Spoilers. Except those famous words from Arthur Shelby... Don't miss the Peaky Blinders! The acting is absolutely amazing. Every character is spot-on. Every actor has it.
Not one off moment, it's all action and a top story-line.<br/><br/>Just a warning for those people who don't like a bit of gory violence.
Not a fan of unnecessary violence. However, This gets away with it, as it's a necessary part of what kind of life they've been dealt with. It's fantastic and very very beautiful i hope it never end . Season 1: I'm always bummed when I end a great series and on the hunt for something new. I've never seen Sopranos (which I've heard there's similarities) but I am a big fan of Stranger Things, Dark and OA to name a few. I just finished Dark and decided on Peaky Blinders. I enjoy shows that stimulate the mind and expand it. As well as a slight "air" to the truths of existence as a whole.<br/><br/>Having said this, relevance, I found season 1 full of twists and turns in a beautifully married combination of eloquence and darkness. Loyalty and truth.<br/><br/>Thomas Shelby character has me absolutely swooning. Large in part his desire for truth and yet protection. (Which appears to be a dying art in today's world imho.) I was able to forget the world entirely watching this show. It draws you into each characters part and resonance, feeling as if I very well could place myself in each characters shoes and preceding actions. Parts of the season left me with goosebumps...<br/><br/>I would recommend; if you're on the fence, give it until the 3rd episode. At which point, for me, I became hooked.<br/><br/>I'm onto the start of Season 2... Best series ever watched....absolutely a master plan Just watch it! It's one of the best tv series. Give it a chance. The characters are real and interesting. It's one of the best tv shows i've Watched it I thing is the best serie I ever watch
And thomas shelby is a legend How did this serie go from a "meh" 6* to a solid 9* in 3rd and 4th season?
Awesome and very clever One of the best gangster drama ever with brilliant writing and acting by all lead cast, also really astonished by the way they develop antagonist characters in each series and absolute treat to watch cillian Murphy as Thomas Shelby. Brilliant - fantastic cast, writers, directors, filmography, etc. Hooked since S1E1 and Google the release date of the following season. Amazing in every aspect. I loved every episode. Can't wait for season 5 🙏🏻 Those are three words to describe this beautifully filmed show.<br/><br/>Tommy (Cillian) might be one of the most interesting protagonists in any TV show I've seen recently, and let's not forget that almost everybody here gives an excellent performance.<br/><br/>I love the atmosphere and vibe, I enjoy the good writing, and this show has only gotten better and better. The 6 episode format per season is PERFECT. I have watched the 4 seasons to date in the space of 3 days, and this series is epic!
Although personally I feel the series does start slowly, as each episode passes it gets better and better. All the characters are great - obviously Mr Thomas Shelby is my favourite, and Cillian Murphy adapts and plays this character perfectly. I also love the music used throughout the series. The main theme tune is good and leads to some epic opening scenes. The complexity of the narrative is also great, and adds real depth and substance to the violence. There is also a lot of emotion in this series, with several character deaths that shocked me.
Overall, this is a great series that I strongly advise you watch! Watched all seasons only this month back to back, after not having the time sooner. I can't believe I didn't watch it earlier! It is brilliant, the acting outstanding and we can't wait for the next season. Cillian Murphy is perfect in the role, his eyes are insanely scary. SUPERB!!! It's so nice i recommended you but I'm don't smoking i watch this I'm really need smoking now One of the best series I have seen for years. The plot, the scenery, the actors, the characters, everything is absolutely fantastic. Would watch again and again. It's one of the best shows every! If you don't like imaginary or unrealistic stuff, this show will be the best thing ever for you!! I admit to being a latecomer to this series.
I was put off by "judging a book by the cover". I expected yet another Sopranos trope. So i passed on the first two seasons. There was so much hype, however, i gathered i should at least give it a go.
It took a few episodes to bed in and change my mind but in the end it won me over.
It is superb, even though its a subject matter that some like me are not at first interested in, the storyline , plot twists, clever season build-ups, intriguing yet subtle character building and overall perfectly polished production makes it one of the best TV series of all time. (Up there with Sopranos, Breaking Bad, the Wire....)
The acting on the whole is very good (although some shaky performance & accents from some characters....Aunt Polly's dreadful accent, Grace's inability to hide her posh acting school , Ada Shelby's strange overnight transformation from street broad to a middle class business expert ?ðŸ™ƒ and Adrien Brody's over the top and quite unnecessary cameo appearance ðŸ˜²).
Equally some of the best supporting actors had few or no lines at all. (poor Finn was overlooked completely by the producers) and a better offer from "Salem" caused the show to lose the mesmerising Iddo Goldberg far too early with a very weak & unconvincing write-out.
(Tip to Executves..if you are investing big bucks in a show that you intend to run for at least 3 seasons, it's a good idea to make sure you're lead characters are cleared of competing contract commitments for the duration.)
Some performances were nothing short of brilliant (Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy and of course the ever reliable Sam Neill).<br/><br/>Production quality and shots are just top class as are the sets and locations that captured the era, the grittiness, the tensiin, the raw ambience. It takes special skills to work with a period script without making it hammy, clichÃ©d or just plain unbelievable.<br/><br/>Am i the only one who thinks Sam Neil's character isn't dead and may well indeed come back to be Tommy's final nemesis??.<br/><br/>A fantastic show, that still has enough energy to run to a 6th season. By far the best series I've ever come across!
The attachment issues I suffered for so long after watching the episodes, omg. Definitely the best feeling in the world! A MUST WATCH
Ps. Please marry me, Thomas Shelby x These are the words that come to my mind when I think "Peaky Blinders". All in a good way, it is an exceptional and it's fresh, new, original series that is worth your time!<br/><br/>It's an old - schoolish kind of a TV Show. The main characters aka The Shelby family are gypsy/British breed gangsters from Birmingham, they are cool, very well written, acting is one of a kind, also side characters are very funny, refreshing, smart, and did I mention the acting is just WOW! Probably the main best thing in Peaky Blinders is the great job writers and actors did in portraying their characters.<br/><br/>The atmosphere will make you feel like you yourself are in the show(maybe even get a haircut), with post WWI timeline of the show, they greatly present some of the key things like revolutions, strikes, post-war trauma, hard times, poverty, fashion back then, industrialisation etc. It is so on point and so well done, it's an art.<br/><br/>The plot pretty much changes from season to season, as the Shelby name famously grows all over England, all doings of one Thomas Shelby, who always wants more and more. The transition from the first episode of season 1 to end of season four of Peaky Blinders and their rise (with falls) is like painter painting a slow, perfect contrast. It is the ultimate "started from the bottom" story of Tom Shelby and Peaky Blinders.<br/><br/>It is also funny, witty, thrilling, tragic and dramatically driven series full of adventurous spirit. They show ups and downs and how a family is sticking together through it all, thick and thin, good and bad, life and death.<br/><br/>One bad thing I'd have to say is sometimes it may seem dull(given it has so few episodes per season) and it's not for people who aren't interested in listening a lot about British politics, which is often a theme of discussion in the show and it is often a vital part of it. Also it does not contain very much action.<br/><br/>I'm not hugely overwhelmed by Peaky Blinders, but I would definitely recommend it to everyone because it is and absolute art form if you are looking for a feel of a life post war, if you are a sucker for variations and transitions, very likeable characters, nice love stories and some sad tear-jerking scenes to go along with it. Missed this highly regarded series when first broadcast some years ago but was encouraged to watch it by friends and caught up with series one over the festive period. Personally I had no knowledge of the gang-wars in post WWI Birmingham involving the Irish, gypsy and the local community, but found the story of middle brother Tommy Shelby's seemingly irresistible rise to kingpin status wholly involving and entertaining.<br/><br/>It's easy to compare this drama with Scorsese's Hollywood take on the gangs of New York, but I hated that film with its cliched characterisations, violence just for violence sake depictions and some terrible over-acting, especially by Daniel Day-Lewis. There's very little of that in "Peaky Blinders" as it makes very few false-steps with a believable array of characters, carefully injected but not overdone scenes of brutality and convincing playing by its well-cast ensemble.<br/><br/>Central to everything is the coming-man Tommy, played with cold-eyed efficiency by Cillian Murphy, usurping his older brother Arthur (Paul Anderson) in the process. There's a tearaway younger brother too and a sister who happens to love Tommy's one-time best pal, now a firebrand Communist agitator and a matriarchal aunt cannily played by Helen McCrory.<br/><br/>The scene setting of the Birmingham slums, streets and factories is superbly done almost like a time machine has planted the viewer right there all those years ago. The linked stories of the six first episodes crescendo to a thrilling climax as Tommy takes on his established rival, a big-time racetrack bookie and takes in the involvement, make that entanglement with a pretty new Irish waitress who isn't all that she seems.<br/><br/>However a senior police officer's mutual fascination with her was really the only missed step in the narrative especially its rather silly, overdone culmination at the conclusion of the first series finale but I now can't wait to further witness Tommy's inexorable rise in future series in what may be the best reason yet for binge-watching boxed sets to my knowledge. Love, love this show. I am hooked. Love the script, actors and set design. The criticisms IMHO are nit picky - Netflix really outdid themselves with this show. The set designers and costumers do an amazing job. It's a little rough to watch some scenes but overall the writers, producers, crew etc. deserve kudos. Of course the icing on the cake are the actors who I applaud. I Don't know why everyone praising thi series, i felt boring while watching this series ignore it don't waste your time This association between the gypsy people and romanian language is really offending! This is a very sensitive subject for our country! So the producers should have document more regarding this and before using it this way! From my point of view, it is a big mistake! 1 star from Romania! Watched first 3 episodes to give myself time to like it. But how boring is this series. I have no idea what the fuss is about. First time i dont understand such a rating on imdb. Theres so many good series out there. Dont waste your time. If you like to spend your evenings watching a bunch of swearing gypsies, this show is for you. Its got some odd clunky bits that kind of jar IMO.<br/><br/>The music isn't bad, but it seems like they're trying too hard to make it sexy/hip/cool/whatever. Perhaps they thought period music would turn folk off? Dunno.<br/><br/>I hate spoilers so wont mention specific scenes and others will love or hate it regardless of my opinion and thats as it should be.<br/><br/>They've gone to a lot of trouble in many aspects and I reckon its well worth watching and stands high in comparison to much of dross on the telly<br/><br/>If I overlook the parts that had me saying "huh? C'mon!" or broke the bubble of suspended disbelief needed to enjoy any program or movie, then on the whole its pretty good and an interesting and unusual drama. This show does didn't work. Very strange music that doesn't fit the era or genre portrayed. There was virtually no plot and down right boring. Gave up after 2 episodes. Couldn't find the story ! What are they trying to do ? Just a gang! No storyline. It's really bad couldn't finish season 4 . Loved Season 1, think it was Season 2 or 3 that was an utter debacle and I quit watching after that. Now I'm reading that the show is a success and Hollywood stars want to appear on the show? Seriously? Maybe I'll give it another try but I'm skeptical the show has gotten better. How is it possible for a seemingly big budget series to be so ignorant ? I will not comment on the overall action or plot,but i will say that from a 9 or 10 this series became a 1 for me. I knew that films are ignorant in general towards details such as authenticity or history but i find really repulsive to consider a group as the irish travellers gypsies(tigani) that don t even speak romani(tiganeste) but they speak a strange accent of romanian. That s is ignorance and it s an offence towards all romanians,and a disgrace for the English people. They openely showed in a TV show that they are arrogant ignorant and racist,considering romanians gypsies. If the irish gypsies talk romanian they could very well speak Italian Spanish or Portuguese,there is the same similarity between gypsy language and romanian as between those languages and gypsy. I don t know how they speak in season 3 onwards i stopped watching the moment i saw this shameful display in season 1. It s a shame on the producers of this show and on the English people. Mumbling incoherent dialogue which is incomprehensible unless you're an uneducated special needs punk living on the streets of Liverpool.
The show could be so great, IF you could understand it, and Gillian wasn't trying to channel that misunderstood sullen genius genre of "hero". And the absolutely horrible amount of smoking; so much so you know it's just a veiled attempt by the tobacco industry to sneak in adverts to get around laws.
If they could show him smoking while swimming underwater and drinking a fine Scotch whisky at the same time, I'm sure they would.
I'm not going to watch this season. Gg 10/10 on ign watch or u dead fool gg i hope you don't cry when jon dies lol my bro cried i didn't I genuinely have no clue why this show is so highly praised. It has a great premise and awesome post WW1 British setting but it's impossible for me to be engrossed despite solid acting.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders is the perfect example of how music plays a HUUUUGE role in captivating an intellectual audience. Sadly, I think I would like the show if themes were proper for the time period and the context of the plot. I'm not trying to sound like I'm smarter than anyone else but I'm not sure how anyone can take the plot seriously when the main characters look like modern hipsters and the major scenes use goofy Indie music in the background to "set the tone". The show seems to be more concerned with being flashy than telling a mature story.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor... Watch something like The Untouchables or Boardwalk Empire if you want to capture those old time gangster feels. A show you must watch. Everything about it is 10/10, the script, the actors, the storyline etc. I honestly can't fault it at all. If you are unsure, please try watching only few episodes & you will be hooked. I never thought I would like this show, but I gave it a go after a Unilad article i read. I have already re watched it twice. Cant wait for season 5! I have just started series 4, and it is awful. The 1st series was excellent, the men of the British Army of 1918 (arguably the best army Britain ever put in the field) coming home and applying their discipline and attitude to criminal endeavour. It really worked.<br/><br/>The opening hanging scene of series 4 gives fair warning. It is inaccurate at every point. By 20th century the 'noose' was a brass ring woven into the end of the rope (not a rope knot as shown), then positioned under the left ear so when it tightened it ended up under the chin forcing the head back and snapping the neck. For multiple executions prisoners were executed in separate jails, always. The prisoner's arms were strapped behind their back to a belt around their waist, they then prepared by the priest in a separate room, lead to the gallows at the last moment, timed very carefully to be seconds before 8am (outside London). At lightening speed they were led in to the gallows chamber, hustled up the steps, the knees were strapped together (no standing legs akimbo), simultaneously the hood put over the head (prisoners were always hooded in the 20th century), the noose fitted, everybody stepped back and the lever was pulled as the clock struck 8. The prisoner was never left standing on the trapdoor, waiting, and professional hangmen were used to ensure it was all done quickly and smoothly. Wow having just watched this all 5 seasons at once, and after reviewing some here claiming (snigger) it was better than the sopranos, plus few Irish in it, give it a shot.<br/><br/>Ok starts off good, but then the BBC anti Irish retoric they are famous for shines brighter than the Xmas star. Right given age well used to the AI from the bleep but my god how this show can be compare with Tony and co, meh more like Dallas the 78 one and its non stop Bobby Ewing moment (shower scene how he came back) from the dead.<br/><br/>Then they end the season on a cliffhanger they (creators) claimed, really how ? Seriously, as even before the finale 2 more season and maybe a film to finish were announced and a 5 yr old can tell who betrayed him and not the son but his mother.<br/><br/>Igave it a 2 star just for the cinematography All the tired gangster tropes from the Godfather trilogy and the Sopranos are here. Nothing original. Young Al-Pacino look alike embarrasses his incompetent older brother and takes over the family mob business. Why can't the British ever come up with something original? Its a no doubt that this series has a good production value, very good cinematography.<br/><br/>you will really feel like it was shot in 1920...great sense of costume, awesome selection of music..<br/><br/>for me it feels like a good looking 5 star dish, but not a good taste.<br/><br/>it falls from a very good height, if we talk about story..<br/><br/>the amount of ciggs smoke in this series, you can make a sitcom out of that money.. This serie is very good. The character of Thomas Shelby is very interesting to see the day to day of a gansgters in those times. I have to say the First 3 seasons had me riveted, season 4 seemed to lose me in the middle, with me fearing the series had lost its edge, only to come roaring back the final 2 episodes.<br/><br/>A TV series about vicious gangster thugs that murder and mutilate people, but we love them for it ! how can this be ?<br/><br/>Some of the scenes are incredibly strong emotionally, acting and writing exceptional.<br/><br/>My grandmother was Born in this area in 1913, 6 years before season 1 was set, and she always used to tell me how hard it was, but i guess i didnt listen. Best show to ever come out on television. Season 01 and season 02 are just simply mind blowing. Season O2 Episode 06 will actually beat any episode, I mean any episode, of any other series you may have already watched. As an avid binge viewer, I absolutely loved True Detective (season 1), Game of Thrones and Line of Duty, but nothing compares to this. And what to say of Cillian Murphy's Thomas Shelby? An Oscar for best actor in a leading role would do him no justice, really. Gripping, breathtaking, astonishing... And if that's not enough, it also counts with an incredible Tom Hardy playing one of the best characters of his career, Adrien Brody and oh, there's a great dose of Arctic Monkeys in the soundtrack. Just watch it! I like this series coz of many things, something like soundtrack or actors .......season 5 the Billy Boys' leader Jimmy's Glasgow accent is excruciating. There are plenty of great Scottish actors who could have played that tough role convincingly instead of having an Irishman play the part and try and fail to get the accent. What an amazing series. The writing, direction, acting, music and cinematography is impeccable. Not to be missed. You watch many show you move on but peaky blinders is something it will stuck in ur mind forever The show began six years ago but has rocketed in popularity thanks to Netflix streaming it in 183 countries.
WATCH.. Every single Actor brings an excellent performance , storyline is brilliant (Based on avTrue Story) Director Steven Knight 'we get a lot of people who get in touch and want to take part, there's Brad Pitt, Snoop Dogg, A$AP Rocky. I could go on and on about this show but my review in my opinion please if you do anything binge watch past seasons promise you won't be disappointed Wow , Cillian was made for this role ! He has such an amazing voice and the accent that he makes it's purely amazing !
The story behind everything is insanely good ! Loved it and I'm looking forward to see the next season The best TV show in the history, extraordinary screenplay, super cast, interesting plot, high level visual and audio effects.. Love it.. This is the most stylistic show evr made...It has tension,intensity,family drama,treachery everything one want..I'm not a period piece fan,i like a good gangster tv show but normally they don't have this stylistic nature & sensibilty..The mixture of tone and the integration of music into this show is i think incredible, because even at the most intense and treacherous and ominous moments, they can bring in a song that slightly changes the tone but doesn't quite get you out of that groove that you're in. This makes UNIQUE.. Just perfect.
By order of The Peaky Blinders. Peaky Blinders Season 5 is slick, superficial and absolutely gripping. Every character especially Tommy is perfect! This program accurately shows the social situation after World War I ,Tommy is a complicated character and Cillian's performance is amazing. One of the beat written shows I've ever seen. To the characters, outfits, scenery, etc.. just phenomenal. The actors give a truly outstanding performance. 12/10 !! The show is well-thought out with suspenseful twists. Fantastic acting. Season 5 seemed to have someone new producing - I don't know what it was, but the cinematography was a lot different. Still, Season 5 was very good. I'm hoping they make Season 6 like 1-4. An epic show , perfect story , characters , directors , everything is absolutely incredible in this show and i thank steven knight for this story and bbc Studio , let us don't forget cilian murphy for playing thomas shelby it's absolutely from the best characters in history and maybe the best ! , in the end i would to thank who helped this show to become an epic show from actors,directors,writers, and everyone thank you. Amazing drama. Amazing acting. Lots of twists. It's just one of a kind. From the best 25 series ever and it deserves more rating than this My top 1 favorite serie. I love this soo soo much!!! Cant wait for season 4 Wow. There is not much else to say other than the writing, acting, production, music and cinematography of The Peaky Blinders will set standards for years to come. This is how you make a series.. This how you make a good characters.. this what you want to see and die for Peaky blinders takes us to the gangster era set after the WWI. Cillian Murphy had just rocked with his role of Tommy Shelby. All I could say is this is just perfect!!!!!!!
The women in this show have been depicted as empowered personalities with aunt Polly as a great character!!!
Must watch. A drama series with brilliant business characters, especially Thomas shelby, and a former war hero, would do anything for the sake of business. An Allied war veteran with medals of heroism earned during service in Verdun and Somme grapples with the complexities of an anti-heroic life upon his return home.<br/><br/>The early 1900's have never felt so _alive_. Peaky Blinders brings such a gust of fresh air to the time period that you can't help but be enamored by the culmination of it all. The scenery, the dialects, the forge in the alley, the Poplar Docks, the Bohemian night clubs.. there's a lot of charm... but beneath the romanticized veneer of this piercing blue-eyed portrayal of the ~1920s is a sinister, ruthless, cutthroat heart. Thomas Shelby.<br/><br/>Between PTSD, managing one of the underground's most notoriously violent families, and finding a way to balance matters of the heart, Mr. Shelby is a character of many traits and mysteries. He's a gangster, yet a gentlemen. Brutal yet benign. He has an affable smile... a serpent's wit. He's a bad guy. But he's _our_ bad guy. And that's why you'll binge watch every episode, one after the next.<br/><br/>With its fair amount of blood (mostly involving razor blades), some of the more graphic scenes may not be for the squeamish; they are however, effective in their sheer brutality. The Peaky Blinders are not to be trifled with.<br/><br/>If you're a fan of the Sopranos, I can't recommend Peaky Blinders enough. *goes back to humming Red Right Hand* I felt the need to review this show because it's still somewhat underground. I'll be honest in saying I do not enjoy most television shows or movies because of copycat concepts and clichés, and I'm awarely ignorant in the sense that I will not watch anything that hasn't been critically acclaimed or recommended. This show, however, surpasses the quality of many others, and by far.<br/><br/>On a general level, the aesthetic is superb. Everyone involved successfully does their part at capturing and conforming to the Birmingham lifestyle of the late 1910s and early 1920s. From the industrial environment, to the grungy characters, the dark formal wear, the raging alcoholism and chain-smoking, the loud rock music (and sometimes beautifully calm tracks), this show nails it all.<br/><br/>But where it truly excels is with its writing and the actors' performances. Admittedly, I haven't seen many films with Cillian Murphy, but based on his interviews, he doesn't seem like the type of individual who would be able to relate to this role. Despite that, he seems to become entirely lost in the character of Tommy Shelby and he consistently pushes the boundaries as the writing develops. His character effortlessly shifts from a calm, intelligent individual with a cold stare to an enraged animal. And even though we know his character isn't a good person by any means, we tend to like him and sympathize with his struggle in most situations. He's a likable badass, and the same can be said for most of the Shelby family who each have very clearly defined characteristics.<br/><br/>I've read some other reviews in which people said the writing was ridiculous or the relevance to real history wasn't accurate. I respectfully disagree with these reviewers. After you've seen so many terrible popular shows, you can't even consider the bulk of this show (15 episodes) out-of-line or ridiculous. Keep in mind, unless you're watching a documentary, you will never see a show that's more than half true to history. <br/><br/>Easily an 8-9/10 because nothing ever deserves a full 10. Go watch it. What with the third series of Peaky Blinders starting this month here in Britain and after a good friend had recommended Peaky Blinders to me, I decided to watch the first two series first on Netflix before dropping into the third series. I haven't regretted it. For many years the US film and TV industry has been making the running in programmes such as this, most recently with The Sopranos, Breaking Bad, The Wire, Damages, Boardwalk Empire, Deadwood and several others. Yes, there have been second-rate series which pretended to all the style but fell at the first hurdle – poor writing, poor direction marking them out as second-rate - but overall the US was simply streets ahead.<br/><br/>As for British efforts, well the less said the better. It wasn't just that the US simply had bigger budgets – far bigger budgets – but they also seemed to have greater resources as far as scriptwriters and directors were concerned. I am not about to say that that has all changed, because it hasn't. But in Peaky Blinders Britain has produced something which does not just stand alongside the best of American productions, but exceeds many. I don't quite know why.<br/><br/>I suspect that because the TV market is now global, the producers of Peaky Blinders have been able to raise more money to match the US budgets and attract the talent. But there's more than that: the vision of Steven Knight and whoever he is working with is magnificent. The direction by the various directors is excellent. And above all the cinematography raises Peaky Blinders far above similar homegrown efforts.<br/><br/>With one or two exceptions, there are few name actors, but that only goes to show what a reservoir of good actors there are in Britain. In one or two other ways – the use of the same external set is one – Peaky Blinders does reveal its rather more modest background, but that is far outweighed by any number of superlatives, not least the acting. Go for it, you won't be disappointed.<br/><br/>My one very slight quibble as someone who is not from Birmingham, but who worked and lived there for several years, is that the accents are all over the place, ranging from Birmingham itself to the Black Country, which is decidedly not Birmingham (as Solihull, West Bromwich and Sutton Coldfield are also not Birmingham but are all too often lazily lumped together with Birmingham), but that will be lost on 99 per cent of viewers. Once again, go for it, you won't be disappointed.<br/><br/>I'm only giving it 9/10 because nothing gets 10/10. I just love this show from the characters to the costumes, dialogue and sets. It seems that the US wasn't the only country having problems with its returning WWI veterans turning to crime as there weren't enough jobs for them.<br/><br/>I can't believe just how grimy Bermingham was during the turn of the century and the men who did work did back breaking work in some of the harshest environments.<br/><br/>Cillian Murphy and Paul Anderson are just fantastic in their roles as Thomas the younger but level headed brother, and Arthur the psychotic, loose cannon brother, and watching Sam O'Neil as a heavy is a treat...<br/><br/>If you liked Boardwalk Empire, The Sopranos etc, you will enjoy Peaky Blinders.... Each episode solved a problem, now we have so many problems and the plot is jumping all over the place. pull the program and re film it , in line with the past episodes. When I first saw Peaky Blinders, I was so excited. It's a gangster drama series in the spirit of Boardwalk Empire but set in 19th- century England, a setting so rarely shown in movies or TV shows. It showcases the talents of Cillian Murphy (one of my favorite actors), Sam Neill, and especially the impressive Helen McCrory. The show also has very high production quality: good set, good costumes, and fantastic cinematography, all of which helped build up an amazing, immersive feeling for the series. The writing was less impressive at first, since things seemed to be a bit too easy for the main character, Thomas Shelby, but it got significantly better by the end of the season when many things that were set up at the beginning started to get connected. <br/><br/>Then the much anticipated season 2 came, with even more great actors added to the cast (Noah Taylor, Tom Hardy). It seemed like the show could only get better, but it didn't. In fact, it got a lot worse. The 'amazing' Thomas Shelby now got even more unbelievable, while his intellectual rivals in season 1 like Inspector Campbell or Aunt Polly are greatly degraded to weak and pathetic characters. Moreover, Thomas and his family members just kept getting out of all kinds of dangerous situations in the most ridiculous ways. A lot of characters in the show feel like they have run their courses and should have been killed off long ago, but somehow the writers still found ways to keep them alive. This kind of writing not only made the show very predictable and boring, but also resulted in many characters became annoying and ridiculously different from their own selves in season 1. Even the newly added cast couldn't save the show since they have very limited screen time due to the huge amount of characters the show is keeping around. The worst thing is that the show contains some very obvious continuity mistakes. I don't know how that was even possible, considered that it only has one main writer throughout.<br/><br/>In conclusion, with this kind of writing, I won't have much expectation for the future of this show. Loved this show up until Season 4. Obviously the script writers have a hidden agenda and hate for Britan. While this show is flirting with communism and denouncing facism, 20 million Christians were being Genocided by Communist in Ukraine. The Holocaust has rightly been remembered in Hollywood but the atrocities that happened to Christians has been silent. Christians were Heinously Murdered Ten times more by Communist than Jews and gypsies at the hands of Germany. We have not and will not accept Communism.<br/><br/>When Ukraine resisted Soviet attempts at collectivization in the 1920s and '30s, the Soviet Union under Stalin used labor camps, executions, and starvation (Holodomor) to kill millions of Ukrainians.<br/><br/>In 1933, the recently elected administration of Franklin D. Roosevelt granted official U.S. recognition to the Soviet Union for the first time. Especially repugnant was that this recognition was granted even though Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin had just concluded a campaign of genocide against Ukraine that left over 10 million dead. This atrocity was known to the Roosevelt administration, but not to the American people at large, thanks to suppression of the story by the Western press - as we shall show.<br/><br/>Ukraine's Untold Tragedy<br/><br/>The Ukrainian genocide remains largely unknown. After 76 years, the blood of the victims still cries for truth, and the guilt of the perpetrators for exposure.<br/><br/>Many Americans are barely acquainted with Ukraine, even though it is Europe's second largest country after Russia, and has been a distinct land and people for centuries. One reason for this unfamiliarity is that Ukraine has rarely known political independence; it was under Russia's heel throughout much of its existence - under Soviet domination prior to 1991, and under Czarist Russia before that. Many American students heard little or nothing of Ukraine in their history classes because the nation had been relegated to the status of a Russian "province."<br/><br/>Stalin accomplished genocide against Ukraine by two means. One was massive executions and deportations to labor camps. But his second tool of murder was more unique: an artificial famine created by confiscation of all food. Ukrainians call this the Holodomor, translated by one modern Ukrainian dictionary as "artificial hunger, organized on a vast scale by the criminal regime against the country's population," but often simply translated as "murder by hunger."<br/><br/>Ukraine was the last place one would have expected famine, for it had been known for centuries as the "breadbasket of Europe." French diplomat Blaise de Vigenère wrote in 1573: "Ukraine is overflowing with honey and wax.... The soil of this country is so good and fertile that when you leave a plow in the field, it becomes overgrown with grass after two or three days. It will be difficult to find." The 18th-century British traveler Joseph Marshall wrote: "The Ukraine is the richest province of the Russian empire.... The soil is a black loam.... I think I have never seen such deep plowing as these peasants give their ground."<br/><br/>In the aftermath of the 1917 Russian Revolution, Ukraine became part of a bloody battlefield of fighting between the Bolsheviks (the group that eventually became the Communist Party of the Soviet Union), Czarist Whites, and Ukrainian nationalists. Ultimately, of course, the Bolsheviks prevailed, but Lenin shrewdly recognized that concessions would be necessary to gain Ukraine's cooperation as a member of the unstable young USSR. To exploit Ukrainians' long-standing resentment of Czarist domination, he permitted them to retain much of their national culture. Ukrainians experienced a relatively high degree of freedom extending into the mid-1920s. The Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church and non-communist Ukrainian Academy of Sciences were allowed to operate independently. However, as the Soviet Union consolidated its power, and Joseph Stalin ascended to the party's top, these freedoms became expendable, and Ukrainian nationalism, at first exploited, now became viewed as a liability. They seem to only have 3 sets. All the characters are the same and what's worse is they're dull. Zero character development or empathy. I couldn't care less if a single one of them succeed or died.
I can't say the acting isn't brilliant, as are the few special effects and sets they have. But I always felt like the scenes were shot 4 metres from the last scene. The whole series droned on with, what felt like, not a lot happening. To this day I have no idea what was motivating the characters.
Severely disappointing as I really wanted to see a smart British gritty gangster series back on our screens. There's more heart in episode one of Sons of Anarchy than this has in an entire season and I'm not a fan of anything that's is, on the face of it, Americana usually.
I was told by friends to hang on for season 2 but I shouldn't be crawling through a whole season before I find entertainment. And when something horrific happens at the beginning of season 2 to two of the known characters and I found myself not caring I knew the writers hadn't earned my investment. Something similar happens in another series (SoA) to a chars ter you don't particularly like and yet as a viewer I still felt myself empathetic toward the character's plight and wanted vengeance for them.
The writers wanted to spend too much time on posturing monologues which all felt and sounded the same than building the characters. I'm sorry to say I'm just wholly disappointed This is the first review for TV. I had to write a review because this show is not well known but should be. Its done so well, such good acting and good cinematography and well written story. I enjoy gangster movies, and I also enjoy movies from other times, so this was a perfect TV choice and it paid off to choose this. I liked boardwalk but didn't love it, this was just so much better. I highly recommend to anyone who likes a well written story. If you like non stop action like a Michael bay movie (transformers), then you might not like and think it is slow. You would be unintelligent, but hey, thats your choice in movies. Now that I found out Tom hardy will be in season 2, I'm even more excited to continue watching. Please give this a shot it is well worth it. This show is plain stupid. Peaky blinders? More like stinky blinders. Horrible. The music is intrusive and inappropriate. It's anachronistic and distracting. It adds nothing to the storyline and it breaks the mood completely. A huge mistake by the production team. In here we found some talented actors in unconvincing and unsympathetic characters, beautiful musics but out of the contest, decent main story with simpleton stretched uninteresting side stories. <br/><br/>In summary it is simple and not really engaging.<br/><br/>It has many nice ingredients used to appear good which indeed are not convincing at all.<br/><br/>Right now, about the recent series, for a more demanding audience, I highly suggest "The Knick" and "House of Cards".<br/><br/>I give this series,<br/><br/>7/10 Firstly, I am a fan of well-written dramas. The Wire, Boardwalk Empire, West Wing, Game of Thrones, House of Cards, (US and UK), and Sherlock. Peaky Blinders is up there with the best. The characters are excellent, the script a page turner and the acting, especially by Sam Neil, Cillian Murphy, (my favourite), and Helen McCrory. Post-World War Britain was a difficult place to live in, just as many countries after the conflict. Peaky Blinders gives you an idea of the social problems in Britain after the war...a land 'Fit for Heroes' anybody? Written a long tome before Boardwalk Empire, this is a series worth watching. For non-native English speakers, the accents may be strong so subtitles may be needed. It is bizarre to represent EVERYONE as a chain smoker who never eats a bite of food. The creator(s) of this series are obviously smokers who want to legitimize their suicidal habit without any sense of reality. The drama is compelling, but it makes one wonder if there is any truth behind the story when there is not one character who has the intellect to resist nicotine and alcohol addictions. Anyone who engages in these self destructive habits would not win a fight, race, contest or competition in the long run with someone who nourishes his/her body. Any actor who chooses to legitimize smoking is causing kids to take up the habit which is what the tobacco companies want. You have no sense of moral responsibility to your fellow man. Disgusting. Sure, it was a little gratuitously edgy with the sex, drugs, brooding chainsmoking antihero - clearly trying to play to a certain macho testosterone crowd, with a little (in my opinion) annoying and gratuitous romance thrown in "for the ladies". Since episode one, I felt it had the subtle underpinnings of a total "bro show" - a high budget, subtler Sons of Anarchy in the early 20th century. The character of Grace rapidly became unbearably annoying, but Polly was quirky and believably flawed and Lizzy was pretty great as she started to develop. The sister is snotty but still reasonably believable. The main character, Thomas, is amazingly convincingly played and very evocative of pathos, and Sam Neil is excellent as the inspector.<br/><br/>However, something starts to go awry as the series winds on. Somewhere along the way, it seems like some focus group must have told these bro writers that they weren't being including enough of the female characters in the age of #MeToo or something to that effect, because all of the sudden, the female characters go from believably tough but in a somewhat subordinate role accurate to a very Catholic patriarchal Irish gypsy crime family in 1910s UK. Then, suddenly, they all start to get "liberated" - which is not done by making them more responsible or even really dynamic, but more aggressively hysterical, stupidly violent, obstinate confounding and generally emotionally reactive when lives are on the line. Ironically, writing that is clearly supposed to reflect "female empowerment" winds up being incredibly condescending as the women just start henpecking the men, spoiling schemes and essentially screwing up everyone's lives with their pursuit of self fulfillment. There is even, by season 3 - when they've really gone off the rails by folding token ethnic minorities casually into the gang without so much as a sideways look at them or any suggestion of racial inequality at the time - an all woman board meeting for this leading Irish crime family. Btw, in Catholic Ireland, abortion is still illegal last time I checked? They don't have a great track record for women's rights, so this is completely bogus.<br/><br/>But if the goal is an alternative, revisionist history in which everyone is equal, so be it - great. People don't need to chain smoke cigarettes, because we know that isn't cool, it's carcinogenic and the respiratory damage caused by direct and involuntary secondhand smoke leads to asthma, cancer and a higher susceptibility to Covid 19. So, if we're going to make things up, how about not glorifying cigarettes? Have em smoke fat blunts like a rap video, that's much healthier and achieves the same effect. Or, I don't know, at the very least write actually strong females rather than women who constantly destroy the lives of those around them by nagging, talking too much and throwing childlike temper tantrums. Have these writers ever actually met or talked to a real woman? Where did they come up with this nonsense? Hentai schoolgirl anime? These characters became caricatures over two seasons because they were trying to scratch some bizarre perceived social justice ratings itch and gave it a lazy token nod that made no sense to the context or plot. By the 3rd season, it was unwatchable daft. Girls stop a fight between murderous crime bosses by just being stubbornly sulky. I felt like I was suddenly watching a cute Jennifer Aniston romcom, not a dark period crime drama - suddenly everything went campy and Disneyfied, gun battles turning to pillow fights and bad guys turning to tickle monsters. Just a surreal departure from season 1's quality. Peaky blinders is extremely interesting and captivating from the first to the last episode of every season. It's a very unique and different TV show that really stands out from other shows today. All the characters are all so well written, but the main characters are what really brings the show together. The show is packed with action and family drama. All in all the show leaves you hanging on the edge of your seat every episode, and it's needless to say one of the greatest TV shows ever made in my opinion. Peaky Blinders is one of most entertaining and well crafted shows made. The production value is incredible. Character development starts immediately and You can't help but be involved with everybody and what they're doingThe attention to detail alone is enough to keep you watching. I'm a sucker for foul language and violence and they do it so well. The best ... i wait Season 6
i like that
Quick events. Exciting . Beautiful story . The scenes and actors are still classy , but the tension and the story in season 5 is 3/10. Rating is based on first 4 seasons. This is one of my favorite shows and the reason for this review is because Im not okay with the bad reviews about the music and such. This series is very good in acting performances and everything around, from the surroundings to the grammar they use.
People arguing about the music is so dumb.
Its a must see show and very good build up!! One of the most amazing, interesting shows out on TV! It's either for you or it isn't. If you don't like violence and gang culture, this isn't for you.<br/><br/>However if you like a bit of action that is loosely based on historical Britain in between world war 1 -2 then you'll love it.<br/><br/>It's a gripping story that keeps you watching THIS TV SHOW IS A MASTERPIECE , ONE OF MY FAVORITE TV SHOW OF ALL TIME I can't say enough nice things about this show as a whole, however Adrien Brody's portrayal of a Sicilian mob member seems more like something from a spoof film then a serious action drama. This charter he plays makes the show unwatchable for me as every time hes on screen its bad knock off of Marlon Brando's god father. I personally have never been a huge fan of any gangster drama, but this show is spectacular! The whole cast does an excellent job at portraying their seemingly immoral roles giving them multiple facets to their character like any actual person making the show seem so real, and you fall in love with the characters (even the bad ones). The music throughout the shoe fits every scene perfectly and makes me very excited every time I hear the theme song. The set and costumes feel very authentic and real as though you were in that time period. Lastly, the story is impeccable!!! The very unique time period and location is very original and is something I've never seen before. While you might have seen every gangster drama, this one is not like the others and deserves to be watched to the full extent from the acting to the set to the story. This show is amazing! This show is the best thing that the BBC has produced for many years! A true return to form, Steven Knight has done an amazing job and the show just gets better and better with each episode.<br/><br/>The cast are great, Cillian brings a dimension to his character that shows his haunted war torn past is driving some of his decisions and when needed his softer side comes forward. The rest of the cast are great too - Paul Anderson's unhinged Arthur and Sam Neil's calculating Inspector Campbell deserve high praise.<br/><br/>The addition of Tom Hardy's Alfie Solomons is especially enjoyable in series 2 bringing the London Jewish underworld into the mix.<br/><br/>The settings, clothing, props and use of CG help to paint a real world setting that has really impressed me. I come from a Northern working town in England that was built on the iron industry and suppling all sorts for the war effort and i can imagine where i live being quite similar around the time this is set. The location scouts also deserve praise for there vision of what would make this all seem real.<br/><br/>Forget all the American stuff thats starting to become the same stories repeated over and over and watch some real story telling! Missed half the dialogue due to the electric guitar background music, and who in their right mind thought it was appropriate for a 1929 period drama? I usually don't write reviews! However, this show deserves one!! This is one of the best show I've ever watched!! Great acting! Great writing!! I'm mad it took so long for me to sit down and give it a chance!! Can't wait for seasons 6&7!! First of all 1 season is the most boring season of all the 5 seasons .I personally dont dislike the montages of characters just smoking or chilling but if you are new to this show dont get overly hyped because of the hundreds quotes on the internet.Some characters dont get development until late in the series
And sometimes the whole coolness doesnt hit the spot.But overall it is very good The idea that the MAFIA, OMG the MAFIA!!!!!! is in town, is ridiculous if you believe the Shelby's are now major industrialists with vast capacity, unbelievably violent and smart then the mafia threat is ginned up. Also, the whole simultaneous hanging thing and then the commutations is equally silly. It's like a kung fu movie in it's plotting, But, and here's the thing, it's well acted and shot, each scene is compelling, the characters are well motivated, so the plotting is just an excuse. The background of the great war is tremendously saddening, the damage, the waste, how the violence in the war is replicated in the "here" of the series. In general, a tremendous sadness permeates the show, so just roll with fantasy plotting. I won't talk about this wonderful tv series itself. It's just absolutely great.
But I DO want to make you aware of Helen McCrory (aunt Polly). What an actress she is.
Look at her if you can. See all her expressions and moods. See her play a very complicated character with thousand faces. She is the best. I cannot describe how much the first season touched me. not like in a sad way but purely the characters and the clever way of filmmaking. I think that Peaky Blinders is one of the best examples of telling a story through image. the combination between the brilliantly written script and the way of telling is so 'fookin' clever. the directors are so conscious using the watchers' knowledge that you feel immediately close to the Peaky Blinders. I never doubted their honesty for example. and i seriously love Thomas Shelby. oh my god that man... <br/><br/>this is not a series which is building on the plot or the cliffhanger. I feel like every episode has his own plot and feeling. the character of Tommy is a person who thinks about every decision. it can happen that three episodes later you find out that he knew all the time that this particular event was going to happen. and that's the reason why he is the puppet player and not the police or any enemy (which he almost every time makes to his allies)<br/><br/>i love it. This show starts quite slow and I wasn't super interesting, but it gets good! We finished season 3 and super sad we have to wait until fall 2017 give or take, from what I've read. Love grace, I hate captain copper he's just sick in the head, big fan of the Shelbys. Their drinking, loving, and fighting nature is very entertaining. I've been looking for something good since sons of anarchy and I am pleasantly surprised by this show.Great show and great acting of all of the actors. Also, the on location filming adds to the feel of the show. I read it is slated for seasons 4 and 5 and I hope 6 and 7 or more episodes per season. I must say, the first two episodes of the series were difficult to get through as it us more talking and less action, so I do understand the bad ratings. But for those who gave up after 1 or 2 episodes: those episodes sets up a continuation for the rest of the show, which is totally worth it.<br/><br/>I love everything of it. I am seriously blown away by the setting and how they created it. beautifully done. I also believe that the director used less coloration to give it a bit of a darker look.<br/><br/>As for writing: great job. No plot holes and if there are some, they'll get filled up in later episodes. The were a lot of things that left me questioned, but eventually, all the pieces of the puzzle will fall in place.<br/><br/>The acting is great as well. I have even more respect for Cillian Murphy after this show. I like how Ada shows her feminism, although it looks like every woman in this show is stepping up.<br/><br/>All in all, the director did a great job reflecting time and place for this era in history. Awesome work! So far this series is very entertaining. Plenty of action and different characters makes it easy to enjoy and pick a favorite. I did notice a HUGE ERROR in season 2 episode 4 that makes a large impact on the plot of future episodes. Canada was NEVER part of the prohibition laws followed by America, in fact they were the number 1 supplier of alcohol to America during that time. The following is a quote from Wikipedia; After Edward, Prince of Wales, returned to the United Kingdom following his tour of Canada in 1919, he recounted to his father, King George V, a ditty he had heard at a border town:<br/><br/>Four and twenty Yankees, feeling very dry, Went across the border to get a drink of rye. When the rye was opened, the Yanks began to sing, "God bless America, but God save the King!"[40]<br/><br/>I'm not sure how to forward this information to the writers of the show but it is in my eyes important to do so. I personally like shows that break out of the closed corsets of the ordinary story telling rhythm. Shows that trust their cast and focus on them and their characters. Show characters can become the actor and the actor and his ways become part of the show. Peaky Blinders for the first 3 Seasons is an example of how that can be done the right way and then turns away from it.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders starts as a show with compelling Character, whom have a natural flow and an understandable struggle. The story is about the Shelby/Grey Family and their rise in wealth. For most of the time the rising feels like falling and none has full control of what's going on. The main cast, especially Cillian Murphy is sent through hell, only to then arrive in a different realm hell again. It often is to kill or to get killed for his character 'Thomas', while not even fully understanding what is going on. He has to fight for the trust of his family, for the success of his plan to overcome the enemies and for his life in deadly encounters with thugs, hitman and the police forces.<br/><br/>Eventually with the 5th Season of the Peaky Blinders arrives. Dramatic in-between sequences and shallow talks become part of the plot narrative, fully on the cost of the character reliability. The characters themselfes then counter that by starting to behave as their alter ego, as if they now would feel the need to be themselves 1000% all the time. On top of that, time and distance get totally irrelevant, people just start to appear where the plot needs them to be, especially in Season 5 Episode 4, really painful to observe. The 5th Season is also overloaded, it fails to introduce new characters in a proper way and rushes around in a constant hurry for plot development. I'd rate season 5 alone with a 4/10 at best! Maybe even worse on a rainy day.<br/><br/>Since Peaky Blinders is not the first, nor the last show I've watched, experience tells me, it will not get better again.<br/><br/>In the end, here's my conclusion and advice for you:
<ul><li>Prepare to bench season 1 &amp; 2</li><li>Get some popcorn for season 3</li><li>Slow the consumption of season 4 down, maybe to 1 episode a day</li><li>Stop there and don't even start season 5!</li></ul><br/><br/>This way, you will remember Peaky Blinders as a great Series with a weaker last season and a fantastic Cillian Murphy as 'Thomas Shelby' in its main role. Seasons 1-4 were amazing!! In Season 5, I'm so lost and bored on what's going on. I even went back to re-watch Season 4 to see if I missed anything as to why I'm lost. I finally gave up on Season 5 after 3 episodes. Great acting, great casting, solid CGI, good (but not quite spot-on) attention to historic detail, and overall good writing are let down a bit at points where the show should shine the most - it's various climaxes. Unfortunately, these simply beggar belief. <br/><br/>While the motivations and action during the remainder of the series is very believable, the first season shoot-out with Kimber is almost absurd, as Ada's intervention with her baby seems a stretch, and Kimber's stand-around-and-wait-to-be-shot attitude is simply ridiculous. It seems even less likely that when shots were fired, everyone holding a gun wouldn't have opened fire themselves... out of terror/adrenaline, if nothing else.<br/><br/>Likewise, the Tommy/Solomons face-off at Solomons' desk overreaches. It seems Solomons' men would have watched Tommy very closely and would therefore known there was no way he could have planted a grenade. That they wouldn't have suspected something with Tommy tying his shoelace (the most elementary of diversions) is hard to fathom, and spooling out a trip wire would have been literally impossible to do without anyone noticing. Moreover, Solomons is borderline nuts, and he would almost certainly have gone to intervene in the detonation of the imaginary grenade before dropping his negotiating position by 65%. These points are simply not believable, and they seriously undermine the integrity of the show as a whole... Apart from these glaring flaws in the writing, Peaky Blinders is an enjoyable watch and warrants mild praise. I rarely feel compelled to share my views and this will be brief - it's a more of a recommendation than a review...<br/><br/>There is some serious talent on show here, and not just in front of the camera. The production, direction, cinematography, script and score are all world class. Then there's the acting, which is equally brilliant. If you like watching intelligent and pulsating drama you will love this show - it will have you hooked from the first episode of the first season. For me the second season succeeds where many fail, in surpassing the first.<br/><br/>10/10 This must be the best show that the BBC ever made. I absolutely love everything about this show. It is so refreshing compared to other new shows. The actors are all top notch. The constant battle between Cillian Murphy and Sam Neill is an absolute delight to watch. Helen McCrory as aunt Polly is another stunning performance. Annabelle Wallis is also very good. In fact every actor of this series is good. I can not fault anyone. The storyline with the dark industrial atmosphere form Birmingham post World War One all adds up to be one of the shows you can't dislike. The costumes and the surroundings are all perfect. It's like you took a time machine back to the beginning of the 20th century. Well done BBC, can't wait for the next season! This show is phenomenal! A large cast of rich, complex characters, evolving, fully-developed. Humor when you least expect it. Lush settings and costumes (just want you want in a period piece) - can't take your eyes off the screen. Incredible cinematography and the soundtrack - though not period - is perfect...Top quality acting, even from minor characters. Multiple story lines that don't compete, but play together perfectly. Stays away from cliché...sexy, exciting and addictive. In a competitive genre, this show still rises to the top. Truly satisfying...can't wait for season 3...and many more after! So glad I found this gem. I really loved the first season and anxious for watching the second season. I do not get the negative criticism. Awesome cinematography, music, and narrative. Accents are quite accurate for those Who think otherwise. I really can't wait to see what Tom Hardy brings to the story. I'd call it a cross between Boardwalk empire, and sopranos mixed with British humor. I find it to be a very interesting story told in a Time period I'm not all that familiar with in England. The cast is terrific. I'm happy to see Cillian Murphy get A great role and pull it off. He has been in some recent blockbusters and I think This performance proves his talent. Enjoy! Seasons one and two were excellent. Sam Neil always does a good job in historical dramas. His role as Major Campbell reminded me of a much earlier mini-series when he played Reilly, Ace of Spies. Grace was very attractive and well cast. Arthur and Polly gave excellent performances. The use of razor blades sewn into peaked caps would not produce an effective weapon but offers an interesting concept. An historical criticism would be that the age that you attained majority in England in the period 1919-1922 was 21 not 18. Polly's lost son could not make legal decisions when he turned 18 as the age of majority was only lowered to 18 in 1970. Home Rule for Ireland was a major political issue and the treaty negotiated by Michael Collins and Winston Churchill was rejected by the Irish Republicans leading to the Irish Civil War.of 1922-23. The Peaky Blinders is particularly interesting as it depicts the difficult transition of many ordinary British soldiers returning home from the First World War. Some of these men brought weapons back to England. Gun laws in England were less stringent in 1918 until the passage of the 1920 Firearms Act. Creator and writer Steven Knight just hit it. Scary how much I like this series and perhaps why I like it. I won't over analyze that part for you. But for a series about a working class gangster family on the rise in 1919 England, it sure feels a lot like right now, at least for me.<br/><br/>War hero comes back home with PTSD. Kind of like now. Bright and ambitious Thomas Shelby comes back to the post war scrappy, blue collar, inner city Birmingham of little opportunity, so it's not hard for him to make illegal decisions on behalf of himself and his family, especially if those decisions feel...just ethical enough. Kind of what a lot of people in that similar situation might do right now.<br/><br/>A strong overlying theme is his family clan against the big world. There's always a fueled, chippy current running through his vision of his world; the little gangster clan trying to expand against not only the bullying corporate gangster world but a police department run by a high powered self righteous Inspector. It's easier to rationalize your scummy deeds when you're surrounded by bigger scum. So the Shelby clan is going to come after you with both their strategy and physical force. If it has to be face to face right on the street so be it; their well creased caps attached with razor blades become hand held weapons, ready to cut you up in the face and eyes, hence the title, Peaky Blinders.<br/><br/>For me, watching this series, opens up the question I would like to put out there for everyone, "Do you feel like you're watching more television than you ever have been in your life?" I am. I haven't watched anything on network television, but I'm all over the cable networks and the on-line streaming on my television set, The Honourable Woman, Top of the Lake, Endeavour, etc. The acting talent, the production values, the ability to create a period environment, a moment in time, where even mundane stories have more involved talent than ever before, feels so much more satisfying than ever before. I feel qualified to mention this because years ago, during all my four years of college, I didn't even have a television, and I can't say I missed it, not even during the summers. It was all about going out to movies, listening to radio, and listening to vinyl. Now I look forward to the creativity on the screen at home, trying to watch a little something every night. But Peaky Blinders has been my recent favorite, where every slight just fuels me...I mean him, Thomas Shelby. daydreaminand.blogspot.com Pound shop version of " The Sopranos " but set in the early 20th Century. I didn't even bother with season 5. This show is full of talent. Stylized for the eyes to behold and the tunes will make you dance, that is to be sure of. Also, it's so bad it's good. I cannot stop watching. I'm guessing this to be the BBC's answer to HBO's excellent "Boardwalk Empire". Post WWI Gangsters in Birmingham England are portrayed very much like cartoons. Sam Neill does an excellent American accent, New Zealand accent, and even Australian. I can't tell whether his Irish Accent(?) or is it British? Cillian Murphey is terrific. The music is wonderful, but a bit too quick when underlining the story; this show is it's own spoiler. I guess "Peaky Blinder's" is very dry humor that I can't grasp or it's just so bad it's good. I will start this review by warning you all that it contains spoilers,so do not read this if you haven't watched both seasons of the Peaky Blinders. My problem with this show is a problem I have with a lot of gangster shows,is that they haven't evolved beyond sexist jokes and using violence against female characters as a plot device. The main reason for the popularity of this show is Cilian Murphy's good looks and his Irish accent.But the show is full of clichés,protagonist has a tragic back story,bottles up his emotions and finally falls for a girl he shouldn't have fallen for. I hate how Polly is smarter than all of them combined but she is sidelined because she is a woman.I hate how Ada is just a means to hurt Tommy and we don't get to know anything about her story other than how she is a problem for Tommy to take care of. Then we come to Grace who is also objectified and humiliated by the protagonist but she ends up falling for him anyway. Then there is the fact that Gypsies don't speak Romanian,like the show suggests. Coming to the second season,the rape of Polly by the inspector was completely avoidable,did not add to the plot but as the show uses violence against women for pure cheap shock value,we get why that had to be there. Unnecessary nudity and sex scenes that add nothing to the plot but are there again for pure cheap shock value,make the show un-enjoyable. We finally have an independent woman character May Carleton in the second season but she is too independent for Tommy Shelby and he goes back to Grace.All in all too much cringe inducing scenes and sexism for me to enjoy it,Cilian's pretty but that's just not enough for me,I give it 4 stars. The acting... the accents... the story line... useless.
If you're going to watch anything at all, watch The Knick, or Boardwalk Empire... something that won't make you feel like you've wasted your precious time. I could barely watch this. i only kept going cause i wanted to see my boy tommy<br/><br/>series 1: 3
super duper boring. crappier version of boardwalk empire. seemed to be generally well made until some ridiculously stupid stuff started happening... (1 viewing)<br/><br/>
SPOILERS<br/><br/>
...like when the gangs are about to shoot each other, the sister comes in between with her baby and tells them they shouldn't kill each other. doesn't work but still so stupid, and when the shooting starts it's ridiculous and absurd. how are a group of 30 men going to allow an opponent to walk out in front and shoot their boss in the head smh. dumbest thing ever. also some super basic subplots like the estranged father who shows up out of nowhere wanting something and convincing a son to trust him before inevitably betraying him. i feel like some of the subplots could have been from old sitcoms like boy meets world or fresh prince.
*********************************************************************<br/><br/>Series 2: 4
eh. too boring. i quit (1 viewing) I don't know how can someone give this show less than 10 stars. It's absolutely amazing and it's a masterpiece. Everything about this tv show is fenomenal. I've been trying hard to pay attention to it and suffer watching it to give it a fair chance but the constant brooding, smoking, near constant whispering (unless it's screaming very loudly about murdering a person) cut with SO MANY dramatic modern rock montages it just seems to downgrade the hardwork put behind so much of the art behind it (hair, costumes, makeup, set dec, etc). The story feels messy and tired. I find myself falling asleep or losing interest and have to rewind to find out I haven't missed anything that alters the narrative. What is the purpose of the constant love affair between Thomas Shelby and cigarettes? I find it very distracting and 100% annoying. Started off well and went down hill, acting isn't great, bad casting in my opinion I had almost given up on netflix originals.
I dont have much to say other than the fact that this show is a masterpiece. I love the imagery and directing. Truly a work of art, reminiscent of Gangs of New York. Tommy Shelby, is such a complex character to play. I did not think that he was capable of showing love. I knew he loved, by the commitment to his family, to his self and to his ultimate goal. Power and money. But, when it came to a relationship, I did not think he was capable, if you were not in the Peaky Blinders.<br/><br/>Grace, was portrayed very well by Annabelle Wallis. However, she had to die. She kept getting in Tommys head. She was a distraction to him, to his goal, to the Peaky Blinders. That is a hazard. That can cause Tommy to hurt himself or the other Peaky Blinders. Thank you for getting Grace out of Tommy's head!!!!!! Thank you Cillian Murphy for making this a must see show. Don't dip in and out and don't just give it go . . . instead allow yourself to be engulfed into the hard and dark underbelly of the north of England after the return from war. The Shelby's are three brothers, who like many other men are war torn and tired. The have given it all for their country and yet when they return home the promise of a better life is far from the reality. They must forge a new life of their own and boy-oh-boy do they forge.<br/><br/>I have never written a review before as I have never felt compelled to do so. But in my humble option, Peaky Blinders is the best TV show I have ever seen. Scary, sexy, fast and nail biting it is a must watch for all but the young and faint hearted.<br/><br/>To top it all it has the most amazing soundtrack ! <br/><br/>Enjoy it people. this show is by far one of the best British crime dramas to of graced this earth everything about the show will leave you wanting to watch more a shame it ha sent had the advertising and publicity as the more watched shows this is a more in depth and detailed example of how Britain was and for tom hardy to appear and star makes the viewing pleasure that ever more better. everything about this show oozes brilliance the directing, music and acting i hav't to say myself it is by far one of the best and hard hitting shows on par with Sherlock for its excellent writing and directing if you are looking for a new show to start look no further the characters are easily to relate to and Cillian Murphy steps up to it i couldn't see him as the lead but he hit it out the park with his impressive string of performances throughout GIVE THIS A WATCH!!!! Found this show on Netflix's, and was hooked from the first scene. I spent the next 12 hours watching the first two season. It is good! Its a believable story line, the writing is intelligent and will leave you thinking. The sound track is fresh and modern and weaves the show together. The casting is amazing, they really make the Peaky Blinder's come to life. Cillian Murphy is at his best, he becomes Tommy Shelby. The filming and the locations of the show are beautifully shot and allows the viewer to escape into their world. So sad I have to wait a year for season 3. BBC please give the Peaky Blinders more than 3 season! Steven knight, Tommy must marry Grace please! Great entertainment starting with excellent casting, very realistic characters. Fun to watch, sex, violence, drama, the underdog, the theme. My new favorite show. Gravy on your mash potatoes baby! The depiction of the era is great. History fans will love this. The show isn't just a depiction of the times, but includes people (don't want to spoil anything here) from entertainers to politicians as well as a great taste of what the culture in England was like at the time. I would recommend the show to most people and to all of my friends. I can't wait for the next season to start. I disagree on some of the critics on other boards making comments on how the story was lacking. Sorry, just never saw that. It just keeps pushing you and pushing you and never lets up. The show doesn't drain you either, as sometimes the underdog wins, and how beautiful is that! I liked how you worked at the visual details of the scenes. I guess there were many repetitions and hours lost. However, the audio and scenario details haven't been analyzed too much.
For your information the gypsies language is totally different from the romanian language. It is true that there are more gypsies in Romania than in other countries, but you can't be so ignorant when we talking about an international movie script and take actions based on your own thoughts, without doing any researches before.
I find this mistake very offensive for the romanian people and I expecting some public apology from the screenwriters of this show.
You have lot of gypsies in your country as well and I guess if you asked one of them to help you with a sentence he would've been happy to help you. But instead of doing that, you put a sentence in Google Translate and asked the actors to learn that robotic voice in a wrong language and with an incorrect intonation.
Ignorance is offensive. Shame on you. At season 3 the plot becomes little boring and predictable. Its actually very funny looking at that childish " tough guy" acting from Gillian. Also, saying " I am Shellby" and on the basis of that getting anything imaginable is absolutely hillarious. I love Peaky Blinders but in series 5 they cast Brian Gleeson (I'm assuming of the famous Irish acting clan) as Jimmy McCavern - his 'Scottish' accent was awful and I cringed whenever he was on screen. There are loads of excellent Scottish actors - were none available, or approached? Apart from that, great series. Really liked this in the beginning. Started tilting in season 4. Season 5 became very annoying, however. A bit like Falcon Crest but with better music. Every aspect of the show is amazing.Murphy is born to play gangster and the cinematography of the show is over the top couldn't be more awesome than this.Intelligent writing with a slow start but trust me and hold on it definitely gets better .......... So I have just finished Season 4 and feel compelled to write a review. I was hooked in season 1 and thought it would wane in the second season as a lot of series do. But was was happily surprised that the series kept getting better with each season. The characters are well-drawn, both male and female, the acting is excellent, the cast is splendid, and the cinematography gets more spectacular with each season. I'm not a huge fan of gangster films, let alone series but this one has history, great characters and great acting.<br/><br/>Each season is devoted to a particular theme, and introduces a guest character played by a charismatic, sexy actor, ie Tom Hardy, Adrien Brody. These award-winning actors do not however overtake the main character storyline arcs but only enhance the stories.<br/><br/>And I'm sure you've heard about the music! Nick Cave, Arctic Monkeys, Radiohead, PJ Harvey, David Bowie, Johnny Cash to mention a few. If you're into music, you'll be hooked at the theme song alone!<br/><br/>As a fan of The Wire, Breaking Bad, The Killing, I have a high standard for shows. This one is definitely worth your time. I'm just curious as to why this hadn't garnered more buzz?!? Did I miss the attention it originally received?! Do yourself a favour and watch it. The actors are doing a good job to pull you into the story. The camera positioning and the angles are real nice sometimes. It's been a while since I enjoyed a film by how it's made. The sounds are well picked, although in season 6 episode 6 I feel that the breathing sounds could have been left out on some scenes. The story line is awesome, well balanced, and as I said it before the film pulls me into the story because is well made and I am not distracted by poor acting, etc. it's all good, I like this series, good job. p.s. The actor Sam Claflin is top notch quality! Utterly gripping, memorable.<br/><br/>Astounding scenes and fantastic performances. I've never written a review on here before - but I simply had to after watching this show.
It's so bloody brilliant! There are so many mediocre shows these days, but Peaky Blinders absolutely doesn't fall into this category!
The actors are absolutely magnificent. They are cool, charismatic in their own way and last but not least - They dress bloody brilliantly (especially tommy!). It really makes me want to start dressing like them no cap.
The scenery is so brutally brilliant, and the accents in the show are so contagious!
The show bursts of violence and death, but they don't exaggerate it to the point that you wanna look away from the screen.
I've watched countless shows and only a few of them are as good as this one.<br/><br/>You have to watch this show immediately - BY ORDER OF THE PEAKY BLINDERS Excellent show plus acting. A bit corny at times but good storytelling.
Hope to see season 6. I gave GOT a chance, I gave Narcos a chance, I breaking bad a chance. But no other show comes close to this. Peaky blinders is IMO the best show there ever has been. Stunning in every way; scenery, story, acting. Simply brilliant. I was hesitant about this show, but I gave it a chance. The first season is a little slow, but it sets up the character arcs and the story. It only gets better from there! Complex characters, phenomenal acting, and a story that twists constantly. It makes for great viewing! Cillian Murphy does it again! The casting of the other characters was perfect. This show is all about the importance of family and how to climb to the top (of the gang ladder) and stay there in 1919 Birmingham. Peaky blinders is a good show. It has a good story and great characters. But what makes this show so good is the acting! Everyone who plays a lead role is a brilliant actor. But I do have to admit sometimes it can be a bit slow This series has a magic to it, which just affects you!! Tommy, this character can be compared to Vito Corleone!! The character growth!! This is one of my fav shows ever the story is incredible Just don't miss it.Im so happy for that i watched this amazing series This tv show was awesome because you can feel the pain of soldiers who fights at world war one. It's showing you the supportive family and the love that you can never forget. A show that displays excellent examples of cinematography, as well as phenomenal acting from the likes of Cillian Murphy. Love it! Great series but the last episode of season 4 was not as expected Hell of a show! You will love it from begging to end, a must watch! Just finished series 4 after binge watching from the beginning.<br/><br/>What a cast! Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, Paddy Considine and Adrian Brody among the known names, with some great supporting not so well named, but for me Paul Anderson was the absolute icing on the cake!<br/><br/>Each series, a new pace builder, intensity personifies and with so much happening in each episode, it will feel like years down the line, when you edge toward the current end.<br/><br/>Violent, sexual, corrupt, exciting! It is A Great mafia story and it shows you how old England was. Just Great I really get bored till the 4 th episode of all seasons and then suddenly everything becomes fast and engaging in the rest of the episodes.Tomy shelby is the most influencing character. Loved the writing, the camera work and all bar one actor - Annabelle Wallis cant act! Brummie gangsters circ 1920s .
Dirty streets , dirty tricks and even dirtier cops . Loosely based on a real gang of the time the Peaky Binders walk around the current T.V. listings and take no prisoners.<br/><br/>Each series having a major story line , each episode its own story.<br/><br/>No Hollywood stuntmen required, just pure brit grit.<br/><br/>Solid 9 This show tells evryone watching that each family has its own elements,like Tommy is the smart one Arthur is the the brave the bold and the strong one and Tommy and Arthur make their buisness work in very diffickult situations. All the other reviewers have covered the positive aspects of the show. My one and only complaint about the series, and all British series in general, is they are entirely too short.
Perhaps we're spoiled in the U.S., but we're accustomed to a season being upwards of 20+ episodes. A shortened season is about 13.
It seems like the show just gets cranked up and really exciting and then -- DONE. Then you have to wait at least a year for the next season. Its great show with great actors and actoress and i loved it , its wonderful Nothing else needs to be said because words cannot do it justice. Just watch it. Love it and enjoying every bit. For the ones who appreciate great acting, script, filming,...; an interesting setting. A Brilliantly made product for the real drama lovers Knight has created a virtuous crime drama. This series has excellent direction, writing, cinematography, settings, score, costume and acting. The entire cast, including the special appearances, deliver superlative performances. In particular Murphy, Anderson, Hardy, Rundle, McCrory and Cole shine. Set in Birmingham post WW1, which the series captures perfectly as the history of the city being a manufacturing powerhouse and the post war economic despair are presented accurately. The plot is flawless as it follows the Shelby family in the early 1900's starting off as the ruling gangster family in Britain and then realizing that legitimizing the business is more profitable, safe and is the key to the family's survival. This task is headed by Thomas Shelby portrayed by Murphy. He creates one of the most memorable characters in this genre to date. Tommy's subtleties in everything he sets out to do are brilliantly displayed. He is one of the most cunning, clever, ruthless and intelligent gangsters ever on television and the silver screen. This even applies when it comes to his love interests. The task of legitimizing the family proves to be an immense and formidable undertaking as the family is constantly having to fend off unwanted intruders, build alliances with foes, grease politicians, sometimes struggle with the family's very own hierarchy and much more. Fortunately Tommy's innate intiution gives him an upper hand and he makes decisions like a master chess player. He is always thinking three steps ahead and before you know it, it's checkmate. The series has several subplots beautifully intertwined into the main plot. The series is intense, duplicit, intelligent, clever, brutal, violent, poetic, commanding, cathartic and surreal. It is undoubtedly mezmorizing, captivating, addictive and memorable. Peaky Blinders is masterfully done and a true work of art in every aspect. The last time I actively kept up with a tv show was back in 2013, when I first got into watching Sherlock. But I've recently discovered this gem of a show and I'm hooked on it! The storyline, the cast, the cinematography -- everything's great! Honourable mention of Cillian Murphy who plays Thomas Shelby so beautifully. I can't imagine anyone else as the enigmatic Tommy; he's fiercely protective of his family, is highly intelligent and despite all his shortcomings and mistakes, the show (which is told in his POV) makes you root for him.<br/><br/>I love this show and it really does live up to its deserved high ratings! The Trilling & Unpredictable Saga <3 Just Completed 04 Season. A wonderful dark industrial landscape, great soundtrack, rich characters that have real depth played by quality actors, all to the tune of a great script and an interesting time line.
The story is interesting,the acting is brilliant and the cinematography is just beautiful.
I found myself extremely impressed with Cillian Murphys acting. That was one of my first thoughts. As I watched on, I realized that the entire cast was great. The writing, character development, the acting, the soundtrack, the camera work.... the grittiness of it all. The action is brutal and gut wrenching but also impossible to look away from due to a level of 'beauty'.
Cillian Murphy is perfect as Tommy Shelby! Murphy is able to show Shelby's fierce and cruel demeanor toward his enemies while showing his kind, sentimental personality towards his family. The writing is absolutely phenomenal, with gruesome fight scenes and amazing surprises the audience does not expect. The set pieces are extraordinary, it is very easy to imagine you are in 1920's Birmingham. Tom Hardy is absolutely amazing as Alfie Solomons and absolutely steals the show in every scene that he is in. Paul Anderson as Arthur Shelby, The Executioner is amazing, he is very convincing as a deranged, brutal gangster that will do anything Tommy commands him to do. I loved Seasons 1, 2, and 4, but 3 was a little convoluted and the show's dynamic changed somewhat. Fortunately, the writers were able to get right back on track <3
Highly Recommended. I rate this season 8.7/10 They really brought back the past with this...i like the old days gangs and mafia and famiilys & that were into business and crime I couldn't resist binging all 4 Seasons of Peaky Blinders.
Steven Knight > Bravo!
Cillian Murphy, Paul Anderson, Helen McCrory > stellar performances! Tom Hardy, Aidan Gillan & Adrian Brody too.
Awaiting the continuing Shelby Saga. PEAKY BLINDERS. 👍 We need at least 10 more seasons!
It's such a good complex story about Tommy Shelby and his family. All issues are so good, it's really a gift if you can write and film it. Not to mention the characters that are so diverse but so connected. The actors are so great and really lift up the whole series. Amazing it's really amazing. I can go on and on but this is good. Definitely one of the better shows on Netflix. Worth the watch alone for the once in a lifetime performance by Cillian Murphy playing Thomas Shelby. Excellent scenes with Tom Hardy and Adrian Brody. Arthur, played by Paul Anderson, is a treat. Solid acting all the way around. The first season has a slight disconnect between the loud rock and roll style'd music that doesn't quite match the show. This does get much better as the show rolls on as does the entire series. I've never watched a show that improved as much from season 1 to season 4 as much as Peaky Blinders has. I like Peaky Blinders. The story and dialogues are allright and the acting is good. But why do trees carry leaves during winter? Is there a micro climate in Birmingham? There are some intriguing characters (with matching actors) walking around in this series! The sets, the costumes...everything about this series was meticulously planned and researched to be true to the period. Each character pulled off a truly difficult and authentic accent which just adds to the richness of this story. There is nothing bad to this show; only surprise and the sorrow that it had to end. If you are looking for intrigue, amazing acting and a truly masterful piece of work, this is it. This show is a gripping show that hooks you in and keeps you intrigued. Can't recommend it high enough Interesting story , outstanding director.. simply
Perfect art A series with precise actors, I enjoyed every moment This show had me hooked from the first moment. A dark street, a man on a horse and a woman blowing dust. From this moment on until the very end I was on the point of my seat following the growing of the empire of the Peaky Blinders.
Litterally every detail in this show is right, the way certain scenes are shot are just memorable.
If you're looking for a new show to watch, stop searching, you've found it! Amazing cast!, amazing writing, amazing soundtrack, amazing every little detail and when all this are combined makes it my top 3 favourite-best of all time tv shows Excellent acting....excellent characters....excellent setting...excellent storyline's doesn't drag on with loads of fillers like some series do can be violent but it's not over the top gore it's one of those shows that leaves you disappointed when you know you have watched the last episode of the series and need to wait a while for the next! Well one of the best series I've ever watched in my life. You'll feel like you've beacome the part of them especially last 2 seasons kept giving me goosebumps. Action, cinematically, songs, all the cast each n everything is soo amazing and so perfect in short just go and watch it out stop wasting your time reading comments to watch it or not. 😍 So well done,and don't leave out the great main actor,plus the cast all great can wait for the follow up episodes I've said it once and I'll forever be saying it again: you cannot beat a British television drama. To he honest, I might prefer British films in general too.<br/><br/>Now I'm early on in the race, just finishing series 1, so my 10 stars might be a bit ambitious for the next 3 seasons, but from what I've seen so far, Peaky Blinders is one of the best shows on television, one of my favourites.<br/><br/>Cillian Murphy has a strange way of pulling you in, like he has his own gravitational force. It might just be the character of Thomas Shelby, but I really cannot see anyone else playing the role with such conviction. He's just great. In fact, the whole cast is bloody brilliant.<br/><br/>Superb balance of drama, comedy and grit. I'm not one to shy away from on-screen violence and in fact Peaky Blinders uses it in such a masterful way. There's never a time where you think they're overdoing it, or toning it down. It's just perfect for the period, very gritty.<br/><br/>Absolutely astounding set design and cinematography also. The music is additionally brilliant too. Am I sounding a bit too positive? Yes? Well it's hard to criticise from my eyes.<br/><br/>Can't wait for more. This is a series not to be missed. Set in post WW1 it keeps true to the time. Everything is done well and the acting is of very high quality. Cillian Murphy is simply brilliant, and that can be said if the whole cast as well. In season 1 episode one you are introduced to the peaky blinders. Once you have set yourself in front of the TV to see the series unfold, you will have trouble to keep yourself from watching the whole series thru Netflix. It's not often that you come across a series as this. This is a must watch in my book.....simply brilliant Nice story..... worth watching
By the order of peaky blinders...... This actually might be the best tv series i've ever watched. Cillian Murphy's acting for the role is just incredible. AMAZING STORY ,FANTASTIC SOUNDTRACK ,MINDBLOWING DIRECTION..THE BEST SERIES AFTER #BREAKING-BAD... CANT WAIT FOR NEXT SEASON 10/10. So good. Keeps saying my review is too short so I'll end it with this. BY THE ORDER OF THE PEAKY FRICKIN BLINDERS! If you dont watch it than u liveing like a dead guy dude (: This show is absolutely amazing it leaves you wanting more and more. Only bad thing is the seasons are short Finally a crime series that doesn't glorify life as a gangster and isn't set in huge metropolises like London or New York or whatever. I loved this. I'm not really one for crime series, but this was set in Birmingham, it's set in 1919 and advances from there on and it has Cillian Murphy playing the lead role. I've seen Cillian Murphy in a lot of different characters and I know what a good actor he is, so obviously he played Tommy Shelby beautifully. <br/><br/>Something that really disturbed me was Annabelle Wallis' costume in the first season. She didn't look like she was straight out of 1919, which she should've. Her hairstyle was just wrong. That may be a spoiler, but I wouldn't really say that it is.<br/><br/>While I'm writing this review, filming on series 5 has officially begun and I've seen all 24 episodes that have been released thus far in a grand total of 9 days. I'm happy to say that the end to series 4 hasn't disappointed me and hasn't left me urgently wanting to know what goes on next, unlike the other finales. Great show!! Sometimes I have to watch with closed captions cause of the accents lol. Beautiful series. And fantastic set. The best art direction any project can ever get. And absolutely flawless acting by the Shelby family characters. Really liked the series. Season 3 ended on a wth but season 4 helped close it all in. This Series has just so much action and different feelings that is just a must watch if you are into good quality videograpfy. Peaky Blinders is very well well done. Acting and attention to detail is superb and you really feel to be part of the 1920s Birmingham. <br/><br/>I also think this is a highly underrated series, it deserves the same attention as the very known top productions as Sopranos and Breaking Bad. The main character, Thomas Shelby, played by Cilian Murphy, is one of the most encapsulating, complex, nuanced and frightening characters ever seen, well on par with Gandolfini as Tony Soprano.<br/><br/>The supporting cast is also phenomenal. I cannot find any bad performance here. <br/><br/>The soundtrack is also perfect. And of course, the haircuts. <br/><br/>The writing is excellent with many nuances, gruesome violence and fight scenes, family values and love, and many amazing surprises that keeps you on the edge. <br/><br/>Each season is 6 episodes, which makes it easy to digest and minimizes boring time-filling episodes that are common in other productions.<br/><br/>A very highly recommended watch, don't miss it! Whay a tremendous acting Cillian Murphy Did Hats Off! This show is extremely well done. Considering the many drama's I have watched, this show it most definitely one of my favourites. I am continuously entertained with this show. There is no dull moment. The acting is also exceptional. I recommend this show to anyone who loves a good British drama. It's so addicting and Worth to Watch! Cant wait for Season 5 Peaky Blinders is a highly underrated series.
Cillian Murphy plays Tommy Shelby, the most complex, nuanced character I've ever seen in a tv series. He's head of a gangster family in post-WW1 Birmingham, England. He's surrounded by great performances: Paul Anderson as his brother Arthur, Helen McCrory as his sister Polly, and Thomas Hardy as Alfie (can't get enough of Alfie) to name a few. Great characters, thoughtfully written, compelling storylines, and beautiful cinematography. Great, eclectic soundtrack too (Bowie, Nick Cave, PJ Harvey & Radiohead). Acting and Writing are top notch. And the best yet are the haircuts. You know a show is good when you go into a barber shop or Salon and say you want the Peaky Blinders cut and they know what you're talking about. But seriously Cilian Murphy is absolutely wonderful as the leading role, he carries himself and the show, but the show doesn't even need it because the supporting cast is phenomenal. It's stupid that the bad reviews all say I got to the 2nd episode and quit watching, well your opinion and review are irrelevant. Only minuses is lots of Radiohead music and it starts off a tad slow, but picks up steam very quickly. Brilliant story, cast and soundtrack this is another example of amazing modern TV and all it can achieve. Good and inventive visuals with a fantastic set of performances and great writing this is well worth a watch I always thought the Soprano's was the GOAT, but this show has changed my mind. Killian Murphy shows that he is one of the greatest actors you've probably never heard of. The whole cast is amazing. The short 6 episode seasons help keep out the boring moments that plagued Boardwalk Empire and Sopranos at times. I have literally watched this show all the way through 9 times since I discovered in in December 2017. I have gotten five people at work to watch it, and they're now saying the same things I am. My wife even loves the show. Tom Hardy, Paul Anderson and Helen McCrory are masterful with their characters as well. I can't get enough of this show! Peaky Blinders is by far my most favourite tv show e-v-e-r. With 'A great mix of several emotions' I mean that, in each episode, there's is something that's gonna make your jaw drop. Maybe it lets you cry, maybe smile, maybe even angry, etc.
A couple of years ago I started watching the first episode because I've heard so much good things. I was dissapointed though. About half a year later I started to give it another shot and I was addicted. I'm not really an action movie fan or movies/series that have to do with the mob, but I do adore this show. Give it a try! Truly Epic the acting is incredible best cast Ever What an outstanding show. Perfect gangster drama. I binge watched the whole series and I had a great time. Screenplay is excellent throughout each seasons. The circumstances just completely change every season, which keeps things fresh and interesting. There really has not been an episode that I have been disappointed with. 
The sets are so atmospheric. I mean, 1920s England. You can smell out horses while watching. And of course costumes... I admired.
Cillian Murphy is captivating and lights out as Thomas Shelby. I have to say that this show has a surprisingly great acting from the support cast. Every character feels unique and you'll definitively remember them. 
I hope it continues, "by order of the peaky fookin' blinders" I love well done TV and movies. I like this from season 1 very strong writing. I also like how each season finale and following first episode are EPIC, usually a showdown between Tommy and the Blinders and the season main villain. If you like Sopranos and Boardwalk Empire you'll be happy you got into this This show follows the story the infamous Shelby family and their attempt at rising up through the ranks of British society. From the details in the storyline to the plot and it's many twists, this show is easily one of the highest priority on ANY binge watching list. I personally cannot remember a show that intrigues well beyond its 59min per episode run time to the point where watching a single episode just isn't enough. Great! Love every piece of it. By order of the peaky blinders. Compare what a once loved, but now totally uncared for show The Walking Dead has become to this beautifully flawed masterpiece. Peaky Blinders got a bit carried away with itself in season 3 and misused Adrian Brody in Season 4 but just look at it. The astonishingly well portrayed characters, the writing, direction and the best cinematography on fictional TV is always there. Every single frame has been thought about and the dedication of everyone involved is obvious. There are no amateurs here. Tommy Shelby, Aunt Polly and Alfie Solomons are the strongest characters you could ever see on the big or small screen. You see a show like Peaky Blinders and immediately notice how so much TV is trash. The BBC took a chance on this high budget show with strange accents and it paid off. This is a work of art and Netflix spotted it and took it to a wider audience. This is not normal TV. What a masterpiece is this show!!! Great acting and characters well developed in the series, a well thought drama and dialogue is perfect!! It gets you that warm feeling of old timers and respect. Personally i love this show i just wish every season was longer. It's one of the best TV show going to watch in your life it will be better with every season I love the early 20th century felling of the first two deries and the mid 20th in the third, the mix of great storyline combined with the spectacular acting and actors just hits my sweetspot right in the middle I am addicted to this show. I love everything about it. Tom Hardy did a great job in it. Never wrote a review before, but this show, hands down, is a 10/10 (ten out of ten) Best show I've ever watched, ever! Better than the office! 
The Shelby's are ANIMAL!! Can't wait for season 5! The acting was amazing through out each season. The character development is why you get sucked in. The plot took too many unbelievable turns after the first season that it becomes borderline ridiculous. However, that should not undermine the overall greatness of this series. You see these characters evolve and become more complex as their environment constantly changes I believe to be a very difficult viewer, but credits have to be given to great pieces of work.<br/><br/>I watched the first 3 seasons very quickly and I must say I had a great time.
I finally got round to watching the fourth one 2 days ago. I didn't have any expectation nor did I give it any prior thought but oh boy, I wasn't disappointed at all! 
The first three seaons are great, so is the fourth one, if not even better. One may go as far as to say that the fourth season reaches a climax to the whole show.<br/><br/>The music is great. Being a great fan of Radiohead, I believe we can hear Thom Yorke and his crew in the background on a few occasions. The timing when Radiohead is being played is in perfect accordance with the scenes that are unfolding before our eyes.<br/><br/>The setting is great. I mean, who doesn't love 1920s England? <br/><br/>The costumes are great, from clothes through clean shaves to superb haircuts.<br/><br/>The accents and dialects are extremely pleasant to hear, which is why I urge any non-English natives to NOT watch Peaky Blinders in a dubbed version. I do not believe it to be possible for someone to FULLY enjoy this show in any other version but the original one.<br/><br/>As the seasons pile up, the show gets more and more exciting, intriguing and interesting as the cast keeps being reinforced with new top quality actors, such as Tom Hardy and finally Adrien Brody.<br/><br/>This trio of actors is sublime. The three characters are shown as very different in many ways, yet they all have some outstanding charisma and confidence.<br/><br/>This show is a definite 10/10 for me, I cannot think of elements that would make me NOT recommend it. It is a definite must-watch for people who like this kind of stuff. <br/><br/>The only drawback would be : not enough episodes/seasons! <br/><br/>Hands down to Cillian Murphy. What a performance throughout! The wife and I started watching this on Netflix while surfing around looking for something that might be interesting. From the beginning, I enjoyed the way it was filmed and the subject matter, while she was a bit indifferent to it. But the more I watched, the more interested she got in the story lines, and now we're both hooked. Yeah, it's a bit far-fetched at times, but it's hard to find anything of this nature that isn't, and we just overlook it for the most part because we enjoy the suspense. However, some of the criticisms I've read from other users that I agree with are:<br/><br/><ul><li>the music - can get very loud and annoying</li><li>the difficulty understanding some of the accents (for an American ear) - I had to keep trying to interpret for my wife, but even I had trouble with some, especially Tom Hardy's and Paul Anderson's, so we just started watching with the CC turned on. Much better now.</li><li>Adrien Brody's Godfather-like portrayal of his character - I keep waiting for him to make an offer they can't refuse.</li><li>Annabell Wallis' nose job from season 1 to 2 - looks like a completely different person</li><li>The ape-like gait of 'Arthur' - I keep expecting him to start swinging from the trees</li><li>The over-use of slow motion</li></ul><br/><br/>Nonetheless, we'll keep watching. A very stylish gangster show which although produced by the BBC which usually spends limited budgets, makes the most of its presumably low budget. The camerawork is excellent, the vibe is cool and the music really fits even though I know some people have a problem with it. It's one of the best current British series.<br/><br/>The Shelby family is what makes it most interesting, getting absorbed in their lives. Often the question that is implied (and outright spoken at the end of Season 3) is why put yourself and your family through all this torment for money? Isn't it better to be poorer but safe and happy?<br/><br/>The attention to detail is also fantastic and brings post-WW1 England to life in its grimy glory. It's great how the plot is interwoven with the politics of the time, including the Irish Republicans, the red scare in the East and the rise of socialism among the working class in England.<br/><br/>Peaky Blinders is not HBO-level though, and here's why: while it touches on many issues of the time, it doesn't explore them. It's a kind of surface-level rummage that doesn't go deep enough. Here's a great example that summarises the level that Peaky Blinders is on: two characters, one black, walk into a pub and get into scuffle with a racist man. Later in response the Blinders burn the pub to the ground in revenge. That's it. That's the way Peaky Blinders deals with the issue of racism in the 1920s. It covers a wide breadth of issues, but rarely says anything interesting or new about them. Instead, almost all of the intrigue comes from the overarching plot and the characters.<br/><br/>But the characters are a bit dodgy sometimes too. Many are cardboard cutouts and one-dimensional stereotypes, like the Evil Irish Inspector, the Crazy Russian Woman (who plays Russian Roulette of course) and the Evil Irish Priest who probably molests children in his spare time. Some of the plots are clichÃ©d as well, most of all the one in Season 1 that uses the "undercover agent falls in love with the person she's investigating" trope. There's also quite a bit of filler that sometimes makes Peaky Blinders feel like a mediocre soap opera.<br/><br/>Those are harsh criticisms, but Peaky Blinders is well plotted and worth a watch. This is a great show!! A very good interpretation of the english mafia of the 1920's.Very good choice for actors! The only thing that is dissapoiting is that what were they trying to make a gypsy language is actually romanian language, two different languages! Romanian language is spoken in Romania. As every country has their gypsies, the gypsies from Romania have a different language. It is sad that all romanians are asociated as being gypsies! Good job thogh with the show!! My nephews have been begging me to watch Peaky Blinders for three years now, but I just didn't have the time. I decided this past month that I would make a commitment to the first season. Man oh man, was I pleased. It's the show that keeps on giving. From an American's POV, it's like Gangs of New York meets Once Upon a Time in America. I finished all six seasons and have been telling anyone who hasn't watched it yet to give it a go. <br/><br/>The acting is awesome, although the accents are thick at times and I had to re-watch a few scenes to make sure I heard everything correctly. The women are strong and don't take any shit. Cillian Murphy is a tour de force.<br/><br/>My only complaint is the lack of recognition PB is getting from the award shows like the Golden Globes and Emmy's.<br/><br/>If you like this kind of TV (crime, violence, history) then give it a chance -- you won't be sorry. I've watched season one, and let's just say it's not for the feint of heart. If you're looking for rip roaring blood and gore right out of the gates, this will disappoint you. The characters and plot take a while to develop, but by the time they do you're hooked. This takes place in 1919, around the same time period as Boardwalk Empire. Both dramas get you to root for organized crime in an innocent way. Like Sons of Anarchy, there's a matriarch who calls some of the shots and isn't to be fk'd with. Acting, directing, and cinematography are impeccable. If you liked SOA or Boardwalk Empire, this is right up your alley. It's about time a show like this came out that would depict real life gangster situations. The most captivating show ever created and I can say that on the upmost level. This show is real or as real as it is going to come for the UK and that's coming from someone who only visits the UK. There is never a dull moment in this show and there is never a moment where I want to walk away even to use the bathroom. These actors are amazing amazing amazing! You literally feel as if you are part of that show. The setup and the get up are so authentic that it just changes the entire feel as you watch the show.<br/><br/>I only pray that the show continues and they don't feel like stopping it at any given moment... While it's not my personal favourite show from an objective standpoint it does a great many things right. The grittiness of the era feels perfect, the characters feel like they've walked straight out of post world war Britain. It's not another show where they insert ludicrously anachronistic people with modern attitudes and this is a great credit to the show. The visuals are ideal and really put you in the period drama mood. On a more subjective note the characters very well rounded. Intelligent, caring, family minded men and women who quite quickly switch to remind you that they're also hardened violent criminals. Characters with layer upon layer of depth Is a very good TV show.I like the actors, the music, the ambiance.<br/><br/>But I am disappointed as a Romanian that when someone speaks in gypsy language, actors use Romanian language. Roumanian language is not a gypsy one. It makes me feel awful. So next time, try to find more information about a country's language. I have watched 3 seasons in 3 days and I still cant get enough of it. So I can't wait for season 4. I really recommend it as it's such a good show. I dare to say that it's at least as good as Game of Thrones, if not better.<br/><br/>As you may have already read, Peaky Blinders is about Birmingham gangsters and how they work towards their "success" (depends on what you'd call a success). The show is thrilling and shocking and I even laughed out loud at some moments. The show knows how to get strong family bond between the characters across.<br/><br/>The characters have depth and they are easy to connect with. It's funny how the show makes you root for the some of the worst criminals you'd ever see. You'll be able to connect with them because they still have a soft side, they do things for a reason. Like Tommy Shelby the main character. Tommy is the gang leader and he is selfish and brutal but everybody still loves him. It's because there are things he truly cares about and loves, and he loves deeply. But he knows what he's doing and he'll always manage to somehow get out of tricky situations.<br/><br/>Another reason I love this show is because Tommy Shelby is just really sexy to me for all the reasons above and obviously his looks and his voice. (but that's just my unprofessional opinion)<br/><br/>I could write a whole book about this show but I will end this here. You should just watch it I know you'll love it This is the best drama i ever looked. I just cant wait for next season, everything is excellent and i think that no one would play role of Thomas Shelby better than Cillian Murphy, he is absolutely stunning. The hole story make your addiction groves with every new season. Steven Knight is a certainly one of the greatest producers of our age. I watched all most every movie and show he ever made, but this is a masterpiece. However, thank BBC for this amazing and brilliant show. Impatiently waiting for season 4. A historical fiction drama, the series is set in the 1920's in Birmingham, in a gloomy, dark industrial setting that is very convincingly but together by Stephen Knight. The rich detail and careful thought put into conceiving the show, as well as the soundtrack provide a perfect look and feel to what you would expect Victorian England to be like.<br/><br/>The writing is incredible and the show is well paced. Episodes tend to exceed 1h in length but the show remains intriguing and captivating throughout.<br/><br/>The acting is on a different level compared to most TV shows, and the characters have a depth and substance that I have begun to miss in other dramas.<br/><br/>Cillian Murphy is probably the best thing that has happened to this show. His portrayal of Thomas Shelby is perfect, and who is without doubt one of my favourite characters from a TV series. There is nothing going on in this show, 95% of the show can be summarized by someone smoking, looking into the distance, slowmotion and some modern song playing in the background. There is barely any story to hang on to from what the little dialogue gives us, and almost all characters are unlikeable. Now, the show isn't completely garbage. It's got extremely good cinematography, acting and sets. Some episodes definitely stand out as being much better than the rest, mainly finale episodes. I do not recommend watching this, even the new Marvel movies have more substance. why are they all lighting up tipped cigs not invented yet(wait 20 years the first machine to make them was produced in 1935) and the lighter in esp 3 come from early 40's-such blatant-even has butane lighters in series 3 not invented till late 1950,s errors!!!!!!!!!!as is the mention of senior service cigs in an eps 2 supposed to be 1921 -this brand was not on the market till oct 1925 also the amounts of money involved remember the working mans wage was 1 pound a week-it makes rubbish of the sums they are talking about. and I just love the plastic blinds and fires which look so real?? I am very surprised they do not employ someone to buy props who know what they are doing You would have thought with good quality actors like these the film company could have afforded to use a steadicam or gimbals etc. But no, just lots of hand held wobbly shakycam shots all over the place. It get annoying when the dam camera is always just bloody shivering all the time. Not for me... Although this show has a very high rating, one part disturbed me immensely. The old Jewish man walking his dog on the beach and Gillian comes up to him and kills him. Now the dog who is innocent is left with a dead master and probably will die beside his dead body. This part was not needed. I now will no longer watch this show. Dog lovers should protest this scene. This is an interesting series however it does not reach the altitude of a "Must Watch" series like The Shield or The Wire. Why you ask? Well it call come down to the sound track. This series has all the needed elements, Good major character, unique time period and interesting topic 1900s crime drama. All of this is special but the Killer is the sound tract. I spent and entire weekend watch the complete series and each and every show had horrid music sound track which did not match the story line. All winners for a "Classic" series , this show would be a classic if they used traditional, time period appropriate music. But NO the choice of an off brand Rock & Roll minor league band has destroys the flow and impression of the event. If I were the director I would re-record all the music and then re- release the series as a new project. The Music is Bad Bad and let me remind you it's bad. Worst ever and should receive the award for worst music EVER! The music sound track does not match the period or emphasize what is about/going to happen. They should have went with classic period music which is much loved due to the River Dance Experience. I just can't express the PAIN it causes me to watch this series with such a bad unneeded out of touch music score. Story line is good save for a few wandering disjoined shots. Maybe it would have been better under the watch of an American Director. It has been compared to Boardwalk Empire but that show knew how to follow through when a good ding-dong was required. This show kept walking up to the mark then retreating. Follow through and do something decisive that has consequences. The big showdown in the final episode, great build up then splat. It also had a Guy Ritchie vibe to it, which isn't a bad thing but then you realize how good his scripts are and how mediocre this script was, maybe that's a bit harsh, but it could have had a bit more pizazz, no need to be so sincere. Other than that great lead and atmosphere. I'm looking forward to the new series, especially with talk of Tom Hardy appearing in it. To hell with it, I'll change my 7 to an 8. Great show overall. It starts off slow telling the Story about the gang, seasons in between were the best (3-4), season 5 was a failure.<br/><br/>Is it just me, that Thomas Shelby is a very week gang leader? And btw can they just kill Arthur in the next season; I think we all had enough from the frequent whining.<br/><br/>What's ironic; I was against the peaky blinders in their wars with most of their enemies. This is a high-quality show that sets new standards for criminal dramas of our days. The picture, atmosphere, costumes are absolutely astonishing. They hired a fantastic, almost perfect cast, which is doing an amazing job. Thee plot twists are truly unexpected and well-written. However, I must admit, plot of the season 4 and 5 is questionable. I'm fine with fiction, but the more fiction show runners add the more plot holes we see. Peaky Blinders became too predictable and simplified. The more they pushed conspiracies and politics the more rushed this show became. The season 5 felt like too much has been written and very little has been shown to us.<br/><br/>I was excited about the whole politics thing and season 5 entering 30s, but unfortunately it was directed too poorly to enjoy it. Nevertheless, directors of the first three seasons had done a great job. Loved seasons 1-3.. season 4 was a disaster. And I blame all this on that director. I don't know who gave him the job to do season 4, but he almost ruined the whole entire show. After season four I had no interest in watching season five but I'm happy I did. I didn't think there was any coming back but thank God for this new director, he saved them. I don't know why every season have a different director, thats just a recipe for disaster Must watch! Full of romantic action thrilling... a fking Peaky Blinders! That's the review; a fking Peaky Blinders! Loved every other series of PB but found this one hard to watch at times. All due to the horrific attempt of a Scottish accent by the head of the Billy Boys!<br/><br/>Don't understand why they didn't use a Scottish actor with an authentic accent.<br/><br/>That said, the scenes without thAt terrible accent were good old PB's. 1) Shortcomings: It tells the story of gangsters living in Birmingham. However, it is disapponting for action lovers because there are more sex scenes than gun battle and explosion. Especially, in the first 2 seasons you should be patient to understand what is going on there and you might frequently ask yourself "Am I watching a romantic love series or a brutal gangster series?" In addition, if you are used to popular culture type of series, I guess you will quit watching this after its first season. It is like a mind game and you have to pay attention to details. The story is slow-going and scenes are extended by songs. So, you have to watch long scenes without any words but songs. These gang members were not relatives in real, but they are in series. So, it doesn't truly cover the real story of them. There are excessively cocaine, alcohol, cigarette and nudity demonstration. Of course these are what we expect from this kind of plot, but it is unnecessarily excessive. Finals of season 1 and 2 are worthless.<br/><br/>2) Good Sides: Characters are well played, especially Arthur and Thomas Shelby. Decor, stage, and setting represent the 1920s of Birmingham. Finals of season 3 and 4 are quite satisfying. Fights finally break out after season 3. I loved the choice of songs even though they are excessively used. 5th season is on the way and I guess it will be the best one of the rest. It is a fascinating TV series if we categorize it in drama rather than crime and action. Finally, my rating is 7 stars for the first 4 seasons. As a drama piece the show is impeccable in its production the story is gripping and cast superb Cillian Murphy as Tom Shelby and Paul Anderson as Arthur Shelby both deliver powerful standout performances. Within an already top class cast! So realistic are the fight scenes that I had to look away a few times ( not for the faint hearted) .
I have binged watched and at first thought 6 episodes to a season seemed short but they are intense and I am now on season 4 I live in north of England and this is a part of history I wasn't aware of never had heard of peaky blinders so am grateful to have learnt a little of the history.
Have now completed season 4 and on season 5 and the standard of production,story and sublime acting is impeccable as from the start this is the best drama series I have ever watched!
I expect this show will win or should win quite a few awards as it is a classy production and in my top 10 With the pass time of this serial it grows up faster and faster. every episode have a suprise that you cant imagine that Near perfect.<br/><br/>Beautifully shot. Flawlessly acted. Costume and set design is impeccable.<br/><br/>Feature actors across the series have been incredible to watch. Sam Neil, Tom Hardy, Adrien Brody.<br/><br/>Series regulars like Helen McCrory and Cillian Murphy are impressive in how they capture their characters.<br/><br/>The story is unrealistic at times sure, but this isn't a documentary, it's a drama. A drama filled with a fast story, British humour and violence.<br/><br/>The upbeat music and slowed down visuals add to the intensity and the fun. If you can't watch this series and have yourself some fun doing so, you are a bore. Not one to hand out 10s, it must be extraordinary and many standard deviations from the mean. With all the utter rubbish out there, I'm happy to give this a 10. The story, the acting, cinematography, the writing... It was one of the first series type shows I watched, so most of what I've tried since pales in comparison. The writers know how to make you love these characters...even when they do bad things. I love this show because my husband and I can watch it together and both highly enjoy it...it's hard to try to not binge watch 3-4 episodes a night. So so so good. A little late to the game, I know; I am a HUGE Tom Hardy fan but for some reason I always put off watching this because I thought it was a soap opera. Finally watched a preview and decided to give it a go. EXCELLENT SHOW! Smartly written with proper plot twists, and well-acted by 99% of the cast (NOT a fan of Brody's generic "Don Corleone" mobster impression). My husband rolled his eyes at first, but he quickly got into each series and has since declared hat Peaky Blinders is the best show he's ever watched. Can't wait for Season 5 in 2019 -- hopefully opening with a scene of Charles playing with Cyril. :-) Compelling story. Really easy to follow. Can't seem to turn it off.! Ready for season 5 now HURRY HURRRY HURRY! One of the best shows that have ever been made, glorious cast marvelous acting everyone in the cast shine in his own part everyone of them build the other with a greater performance powerful females and males parts never liked a cast as a whole like Peaky Blinders, I can't stop watching the show over and over again I hope they give it a Glorious ending please don't ruin it at the end make us all proud and I'm sure you will, can't wait for the final season. Its one of the best dramas i have ever seen
Completely amazing the scenarios are excelent the filming also with very decent effects and i was amazed by how the shelbys are running things over with their buissness This is my first review for a tv show. Everything is amazing from the characters to filming. Must watch. Usually I don't bother with TV, movies is my thing.
But...
Wow what a series, totally hooked, only just watched series 1-4 in a 2 week period.
Can't wait for season 5 If i could give this 20 stars I would. Hands the best tv show of all time, and thats with Sopranos etc. WOW !! Every actor is fantastic !! I binge watched the first 2 seasons as I couldnt stop watching. Fantastic Show !! Haha I find myself walking around the houses yelling "THE PEAKY FOOKIN' BLINDERS ARE HERE!"
The best crime family drama since Big T and Paulie Wallnuts. Finally a series that doesn't depend on weddings, funerals, births and sex to maintain interest. The characters are developing with each episode as are the relations between the main characters. The lines are thought provoking, in character and full of meaning. The power of power and how the working class can exert real influence with savvy, grit and lots of guts. Every episode shows how Thomas Shelby out wits the smartest and sneaks past another potential disaster. The plot and intrigue never fail to surprise without being cheap and easy. Peaky Blinders does an amazing job of presenting detail in the period settings. The series is part mystery, adventure, period and a whole lot of social commentary in disguise. It shows how the upper classes were just as dirty without getting dirty. Privilege didn't equal moral bearing. In fact, Tommy is the most morally resolute of the whole show. Truly worth watching more than once. I Really love this show.. Just wish the season's were longer. Hate that it only has 6 episodes per season.. Can't wait till season 4. BBC You have a great show right here. Sometimes it's hard for me to understand some people on the show because of their strong accent.. but that's OK I still love the show. It's awesome how this show is presented in the early 1900's.. If your a fan of Gangster movies and TV shows.. this show is what your looking for. I don't want to give any spoilers because I think you really will enjoy this show by watching it from the start without knowing what's going to happen. Ease up on the nudity probably would increase views because more kids could watch and tell their friends to watch.. Over all you will enjoy this show.. watch at least 2 episodes and you will be hooked! /refers to Seasons 1-3/<br/><br/>In general, I am not particularly fond of series depicting criminal gangs, as there is too much swearing and violence, wrong values are promoted via lifestyle glorification, etc. But as I have always liked Cillian Murphy, I decided to dedicate dozens of hours to watch this series in succession.<br/><br/>The first episode was largely not too promising - the mood was too depressive, with WWI reminiscences, and it seemed that Murphy and Sam Neill would strongly dominate over other actors... But then it all changed and I grew steadily accustomed to the environment, location and period I am not very familiar with. Acting became a talented team work, and minor characters obtained their time and place to show their demand to be included into this sophisticated course of events. The rich cried too, and the famous died too - so one could not easily guess what would happen next. Additional points from me for the selection of music/songs, providing a deepening atmosphere to this not-so-bright life in the industrial town of Birmingham.<br/><br/>Apparently, the biggest value of this series is realistic depiction of both the venue and characters; even the gangsters are no numb bullies, but persons capable of versatile strong feelings and deeds. And each action has its reasons - as well as consequences.<br/><br/>So I am looking forward to new seasons already - Season 4 was strong again. When viewing Peaky Blinders we must remember to put time & geography into context. We're all familiar with American crime-family dramas' set in industrial cities.... but Birmingham (England) was the first Industrial city in the world. Indeed at the time of Peaky Blinders Birmingham was still one of the largest Industrial cities in the world & was located in the largest Industrial geographical area in the world, that being The Midlands of England.... later to be over-taken by places in America but at the time The Midlands was still the place to be in relation to heavy Industry.<br/><br/>Crime gangs/families had plagued the city for decades. Birmingham fueled the heart of the British Empire & there were pickings to be had. Into this world steps The Peaky Blinders (based on a real gang).<br/><br/>I really dig the aesthetic of the show, they've managed to bring an almost sci-fi feel to the look. The accompanying contemporary music also works really well, which is a hard thing to pull off, weaving modern music on a period piece. I think that only worked due to the almost sci-fi aesthetic.<br/><br/>A few of the accents are dodgy, Sam Neil misses his accent beat at times as does Murphy, but on the whole they do OK....I've heard much worse.<br/><br/>Look! No show is perfect, ergo worth 10/10. However I have given this show 10 to encourage those who make TV to maintain such a standard, as there is so much poor-quality nepotistic television around theses days.<br/><br/>I'd like to see an equivalent made in Salford & Manchester set post WWII, when it possessed the largest industrial park in Europe & Salford crime families were infamous (including the likes of Sharon Osbourne's dad). Of course it's only naked women! Not watching! Ridiculous. I just can't stand that someone still thinks that gypsy == romanian.
Well. After S1 E5 i just stopped watching it!
You can't make these errors and then pretending nothing happened...It was perfect...until Thomas talked to gypsy in romanian. The series is so well made in terms of detail but what about that gipsy language? It is Romanian language spoken weirdly by english people who don't know the language. Is this a stab at Romanian people or what's the deal? You couldn't find a proper gipsy language record and use it in the movie or just mumble some words? It must have been an association of gipsyes with Romanians? Poor execution because the movie looks sharp in terms of details and taking you to that time and age but faking the gipsy language is just cheap and disrespectful. A shame really. Too many similarities with sons of anarchy, part of the plot, characters... Beautifully shot, great sets, well written, really good casting and acting particularly Murphy and Hardy.<br/><br/>It just seems that as the seasons went on they had to introduce more and more girl power to the point where it becomes unrealistic and obtrusive.<br/><br/>Thouroughly enjoyed the first few seasons and sorry to see it go downhill in what has become the predictable way these days. This series started of as being one of my all-time favourites, until I saw season 5. Totally lost me there. I like the show a lot and the good outweighs the bad, but, there are still a few things that bother me. The writing is mostly very good, except for a few things which seem forced. I can't discuss them without giving spoilers, it just seems like sometimes they need something shocking to happen so it does, without really making too much sense. I find myself thinking well that did surprise me, but, I don't think the characters would actually behave that way. The locations and costumes are all great. It really does look like the period they are going for. I find the characters interesting, but, I don't really like many of them. The music can be quite good, but, I don't think it fits at all. They worked so hard to create an old world. Watching it transports you back to one hundred years ago, but, then this modern indie rock music will kick in and it drags me right back to the present again. Maybe they were trying to play with contrast, but, I don't really think it worked. I would have gone with a more traditional score to match the period. Let the characters, setting and story be the centre of attention. You shouldn't even notice the soundtrack in a show like this. If you like crime shows and British history then you might like this. It is kind of like a poor mans version of The Wire, but, that is still better than most other shows. Why Finn, Why ?<br/><br/>I am so pissed at Finn, MICHEAL is STARING TO ANNOY ME, he needs to go<br/><br/>Excellent masterpiece , Peaky Blinders will forever be on the books of history as one of the greatest of all times!!!! I'm Georgian and watching 3rd season makes me feel offended. Georgians speak Georgian language and don't have Russian names or accent. It's just wrong watching this Russian characters who claims to be Georgian and not only that but generally everything in this movie is typical Russian, not even a bit of Georgian. Show is great definitely, but this kind of big show should have done a bit of research while writing it to make it more authentic and get the picture right, so it wouldn't offend anyone. Greatest ever I love every single detail in this show I watched it again and again and it's 10000000 times better than the overrated show Braking Bad 👍best one of the best jhsjzhdbdbsbbdbdbdbbdbdbdbbddbdbdddbdbbddbdbdbdbvv. Bbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbbdbdbbdb I absolutely love this show! I couldn't name one flaw! Definitely my new favorite show, I watch it on a daily bases! Peaky blinders is an english TV show that features Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, Helen Mc Crory, Paul Anderson and Joe Cole. It's about the Shelby family who is running one of the main outlaw gang in Birmingham in 1919. They are illegal bookmakers using violence and intimidation to run their business. The main character is Thomas Shelby (Cillian Murphy), the older brother and leader of the Peaky blinders.<br/><br/>The opening scene of season 1 with Thomas Shelby riding a horse in Birmingham is really good. Another great scene is the first meeting beetween Thomas Shelby and Alfie Solomon (Tom Hardy) in season 2.<br/><br/>The general atmospher during the show of this era is really convincing. The costums are spectaculars and realistics. The quality of the casting is perfect, they are all playing at their best level. Also, it's pleasant to have an historic view of this time that we don't really know especially in England.<br/><br/>In conclusion : don't miss it!! It's a must see really entertaining.<br/><br/>Watch it now by order of the Peaky blinders! Love this show. All the characters are smoke shows too, which makes it even better. You need to watch this. Awesome show and characters!! A must see if you like crime, drama series. Acting, Production, Style, Plot, Camera. Everything is great, but unfortunately it lacks action. If it lasted for 40 mins like most TV shows do that wouldn't be a major problem, but it's difficult, for most people to watch continuous dialogues for 1 hour straight without any action eg (fighting, blades, guns, gore) Netflix released the full six-episode third season of this BBC series about the gangster Shelby family in 1920s Birmingham, London. Thomas Shelby is the chain-smoking leader of the family with his two brothers, sister and Aunt Polly. Cillian Murphy plays the main character who survived very close calls in season two to find himself on top with everything he wanted, a home, a wife, a child, and a flourishing business, but as many shows about a criminal empire go, his desire for more leads to a great downfall.<br/><br/>The first episode consists of the wedding of Thomas Shelby with the woman he pursued for the last two seasons, Grace Burgess. Grace is played by the increasingly popular Annabelle Wallis from the horror film Annabelle and the upcoming Mummy movie that is supposed to set up a conjoined monster universe. The wedding introduces new villains and reintroduces the family.<br/><br/>Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com I gave this an 8 but it could be a 10. Every season and episode is great. But....I find myself asking questions about the characters. The characters are a mess due to their part in the great war. I seem to remember one reference to the Somme, I am a student of history and know how horrid that battlefield was. Give us some background with flashbacks of the great war and their experiences. Thank you for a great series and outstanding talent!!! It's winter. It's cold. There is nothing else to do other than WATCH PEAKY BLINDERS. Yeah, I know, the name sounded weird to me too, in the beginning. Even more when I tried to convince my boyfriend to watch it with me, as we were in the early stages of our relationship and that I took everything as a test of my coolness and he said, "What the hell of a name is that?"<br/><br/>Yes. It's not easy being cool.<br/><br/>But there is Cillian Murphy, the amazing actor who I used to consider as a pretty strange beauty and now, after this, I just consider plain hot.<br/><br/>And there is the cinematography of the show that's absolutely stunning. And the story, the one of the Peaky Blinders gang that actually existed in the 20s in England. Oh, and the music. Nick Cave, PJ Harvey, wonderful stuff that fit perfectly with the show. And the stories in the story, stories of passion, of love, and of death. And the fact that it's a Netflix show, which is a real stamp of quality today. Dragged kicking and screaming by my 16 year old son to watch this and I settled down for a night of tedium watered down by a little Budweiser to help time pass...how wrong was I? This is probably one of the best shows I have ever seen, not just on the BBC but on any channel. Every part of the drama - the acting, the atmosphere, the script, the costumes is absolutely first rate. It's a great ensemble piece with Cillian Murphy's brooding and ultra cool Thomas Shelby running the show. Sam Neil has never been better as the squirmingly awful intelligence man, Helen McCrory is brilliant as the grande dame of the family and special praise has got to go to Paul Anderson as the crazy mixed up Arthur - that actor will go places. Read the other reviews to see what it's all about but this show is real class - the excellent special effects, the nauseating violence, the dark, almost Blade Runner atmosphere and the brilliant sets - you can almost smell the iron kilns blinking and flashing. I can't wait for Series 3 and I've already bought the T-Shirt - a shadowy Thomas Shelby with the words: "I do bad things." I don't write reviews often, but I love this show. I love the costumes, the music, the way it's filmed, the drama, the story, the acting, and all of it. <br/><br/>About the accents, I don't come from Birmingham so I can't tell you how off they are, though Helen McCrory (Polly) has said they're actually historically accurate. Also, I feel that I must defend Sam Neill's accent. People are saying it's awful, but it's actually bloody brilliant. I was surprised to hear he's not actually Northern Irish. And also, I am Northern Irish so I would know if my own accent is being done well or not, so those who argue with me can **** off, as Arthur Shelby would say. I mostly put in reviews for films or series I really like. This show is great because it appears to be true to period and location, but adds all the plot needed to keep me watching. <br/><br/>Betrayal, family, business, brutality, it is all there. You really get behind these bad guys in a strong way if you watch it for long. <br/><br/>The brutality of the police of this era is probably true, but still shocking.<br/><br/>The family interaction is crazy.<br/><br/>The gangland stories are intriguing and somehow underdog type of situations. I throw myself behind all the applause for this production - it's extraordinarily strong, but just for the sake of discussion, does anybody else out there get a bit tired of watching so many cigarettes being lit or whiskeys being poured? What a load of screen time it takes up! And actually, as much as I love Sam Neill, I find Major Campbell just a bit too evil to be believed. I would have preferred a bit more "grey" in his characterization. Anybody on my side? That's all I wanted to really say but IMDb tells me I have to add more lines! Maybe I will add that Tom Hardy's Alfie is a much more interesting villain to me - a lot more layers than Sam's. This series does an excellent job of keeping the viewer wanting to come back for more and more. A period drama set in the gangster world post World War 1 in England, the series represents the era in a classical/historical way but creates a modern tone via the music they choose and makes the series feel up beat and fresh. The story lines and plots are well thought out and presented flawlessly leaving the viewer satisfied yet wanting more after each episode. The cast is very recognizable and able to deliver on the expectations of the roles and characters. Comparable to Boardwalk Empire but in my opinion better! Hopefully this one sticks around for several more seasons. Text: The series was fine but not that good,, 1:Some thing was repeated evry season and expected like whenever new pretty girl talk to tomas..its end with having love18+ with her like may carlton..princess tatina ,,lizzystark,,jesseeden,,,,,,,,,,........and the main senario repeted in evey season that the big robbery and kill will happen in last episode and thier enemy will killed ..except last season 2:the relationship and story happened with tomas and grace was silly and unmoral after she get married with otherone then she betrayed him despite her husband was good with her and he love her ,she left the good man for gang man (tomas) to back to tomas and by this act grace charcter looks as ........ and the viewer will not respect her ,,then after that by 2 episode she murdered..so they could have do better love story between grace and shelpy ,,it could be better ,,and why she maaried other man if she still love tomas then she betrayed him to back to tomas???? 3rd: there was many boring secne and boring talk and the episodes was full of boring staff and almost evry episoed is stretched about 20_30minutes for boring secne 4th:: unessasry some cruel secne and stupid nudity secne like tomas with evry girl he just talk to her it ends with sex ..aunt poly disgusting love secne and they make her as she is beloved by many man which was make me laugh sarcastically... At the end season4 was best season 4me and luca changerreta appearnce was the coolest between enemy of shelby family Good series, but I found it is stretched too much. the whole series could be 50% shorter without leaving much out. The scenographers may be A-class and so are the actors but come on, making umpteenth Godfather 2? This show brings absolutely no emotions after all we have already seen. Even the Irishman had SOMETHING to say in comparison to this. This is B minus-class cinema in every respect as far as writing is concerned. Good for falling asleep. BBC – PEAKY BLINDERS – 2013 – SERIES 1 & 2<br/><br/>Birmingham 1919. Great Britain is just coming out of the First World War's butchery and slaughter and has to face three main problems: the rebellion or upheaval in Ireland, the discontentment of the people after the war and their leaning towards Marxism, communism and a violent revolution. Finally all kinds of trafficking people who try to build businesses on the basis of some more or less, rather more than less, criminal activities with the rivalry between or among gangs and families, and among these gangs and families there are the gypsies. A super cop is moved from Ireland to Birmingham to clean up the plate after an important shipment of weapons and ammunitions were stolen.<br/><br/>The series describe the bleak and gruesome living conditions of the working class and their direct members who organize the various services like the circulation of alcohol and tobacco, the various fights in illegal or irregular boxing rings, the betting on horses and other things with bookmakers. The cops are complacent, very corrupted or let's say blind and they want some kind of peaceful service even if violence is everywhere around. The new cop sent by London is not exactly what they would call a pacifying element.<br/><br/>The series is well done, extremely well acted and quite suspenseful. It shows how among the families who exploit the bleak situation there are rivalries that are warlike more than fair play. Everything is good to get what the others have, to increase your territory and your influence by getting rid of others, of competitors. Competition in other words is always to the death.<br/><br/>There is in other words no ethics anywhere and even the communists who are self-sacrificing are not really better because their objective is to force society in one direction rather than the other by using the discontentment of many to turn them into their most of the time unarmed infantry.<br/><br/>[]<br/><br/>The second series widens the geographical frame and leads the Shelby's to London. The Irish are definitely on the back burner and Winston Churchill is quite obviously playing a game of his own against the "new cop who came from Ireland" and cannot think in other terms than the IRA. Winston Churchill must be seeing beyond the Irish problem and seeing that the inner English problem is more dangerous for the crown than the Irish rebellion to which anyway they yielded then.<br/><br/>That's where moving to London and trying to start an export business the Shelby's came in full confrontation with two other organized shady and fuzzy business gangs in this field of entertainment, alcohol and tobacco. The Italians and the Jews. The Italians want to be over everyone, so the Shelby's who are identified as the Gypsies tie up an alliance with the Jews against the Italians who saw the danger and then tie up a new alliance with the Jews against the Gypsies. Three groups that are defined ethnically, culturally and religiously who try to take control of the entertainment business with the enormous US market presently shaken by prohibition and yet next door to Canada which is not concerned but is a marvelous entry gate. <br/><br/>Those three groups are in a struggle that looks more like a war but it is essential to understand modern England. England had a bill of rights and other more common law than constitutional basic civil rights but for a long time limited to the Protestants, the Catholics being excluded. When they had to move away from this segregation they introduced or maintained (since Italian and Gypsies are Catholics and Jews are not exactly Protestants) other discriminations against other communities essentially seen as non-English. The Italians are obvious since they are of foreign origin and Mussolini is going to come to power and Italian refugees, mostly communists, are going to increase in numbers. The Jews are less obvious but anti-Semite feelings in England have always been high in the past, Shakespeare being a good example there, or Dickens. And these Jews have strange customs that are kind of shocking to the English. Finally the Gypsies have always been some kind of social enemy and social marginal group that was always engaged in shady business with the reputation of practicing prostitution, drug dealing, illegal betting and illegal fights, and many other niceties of the type.<br/><br/>The most dangerous fact is that they are all back from the First World War where they learned how to use weapons and how to fight and they do not want to be downtrodden any more.<br/><br/>In this society the real danger is the possibility for the communists to conquer a vast influence based on discontentment. So the best way is to come to terms with some of the shady groups so that they will entertain the lower classes and prevent discontentment from becoming dangerous revolutionary enterprises or adventures. In this second series this communist danger is mostly marginalized and Winston Churchill wants to take the control of the entertainment business and he considers the gypsies are the least dangerous in that line.<br/><br/>So while the "new cop" from Ireland, who does not from my point of view deserve a name because he is not doing police work but civil war military action, is going on with his plan of getting rid of one higher up military officer who has in a way or another in the "new cop's" mind betrayed his ideals in Ireland, and what's more he is going on with his secondary plan of using Thomas Shelby to fulfill the first, Winston Churchill plans saving Thomas Shelby from the hands of this "new cop from Ireland" and keeping him in store for some objective we cannot know.[]<br/><br/>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU The ongoing development of characters (read: evolving) was so intriguing and refreshing that I felt like I was watching a new movie at each episode. Finally, here was a gangster movie whereby the lead gangster wasn't killing everyone in sight at each turn like so many of it's ilk. That said, though the violence was not as useful to me, overall it spoke to the rawness of the key characters having recently returned from war and the Post Traumatic Stress that lingered on upon their return. Their suffering continued to play out in their lives as they tried normalizing their place in this down trodden tired town in Ireland. Fewer bloody episodes might not have conveyed as well the intensity of the edginess of their lives. The accents were so interesting especially between the Jewish and Italian Bosses. The opposing characters, the tough iron justice Policeman (Sam Neill) v. Tommy the low key gangster who cared deeply for the well being of his family way was a masterpiece as it ebbed and flowed throughout. The attractive undercover cop, Grace became the center of a growing intensity between these two strong characters. It was loaded with cool and romance. The surprises kept me on the edge of my seat and rarely have I felt so engaged toward the outcome. Whew. Hold on to your hats. Cillian and Sam Neill! Wow! People will keep comparing this BBC series to "Boardwalk Empire" and "The Sopranos", but its lineage goes back well before those two shows. One would have thought the influence of Sergio Leone, Martin Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola was rather more immediately discernible. The lettering of the credits, coupled with the anachronistic use of modern-day rock music for a series set in 1919, immediately recalls "Gangs Of New York", but that, of course, was conceived partially as an homage to the far superior "Once Upon A Time In America"; and the epic scope of Steven Knight's plot-line, with its archetypal characters, is very much along Leone lines. The family hierarchy of the Peaky Blinders can hardly fail to remind us of the Corleones, with the foul- mouthed, dim-witted oldest brother Arthur serving as a Fredo equivalent to Tommy Shelby's Michael. The notion of setting this operatic gangster saga in post-WW1 Birmingham is a piquant one, but maybe Steven Knight remembers a BBC series of the 1970s called "Gangsters"? That, too, had several different ethnic minorities involved in Brummie criminality. "Peaky Blinders" is, when one considers all the influences on it, perhaps not quite as brilliant as its admirers claim, but it is still pretty riveting. But maybe it should have been just the one series? This show starts out in an amazing way. The atmosphere, the lighting, the acting, everything fits. It's a great start to a great show that should've quit while it was ahead.<br/><br/>This show has the same problem as House of Cards; when the main cast isn't king yet, they ironically run the show. But when they are, the show itself fails to keep its intricacies and loses its charm. Antagonists are killed on a whim, revenge is sought from places you could've never expected and new actors can't safe the show.<br/><br/>So my advice would be to watch up until season three, and then leave it be. Trust me, it'll do you no good watching any further. <br/><br/>Once again a show is being stretched out too long and quality suffers. It's an unfortunate thing but we still got to have three amazing seasons. This is my favorite show, along with Penny Dreadful and Game of Thrones. I am stunned that this isn't a 9 rating. I am a bit Irish, so maybe I am partial. This has a great Irish spirit to it. Smart script, the acting is excellent here folks. Sam Neil, have to hand it to him. I think this is the best I've seen him. He gives the performance of his life, as a cranky Copper, hunting down the Fenian gangs at the end of WW1, in England. We have characters that are more than interesting and what I love , is they are the good bad guys, as you know , us Irish seem to relate too. Give it a watch. It's delicious. I love the spirit of this family. A few scenes even reminded me of my own. Beautiful virtues in the gutter. What's not to love here? I guess if I had any complaints, it would be the Agent/ Barmaid Grace. She's a bit too big for her britches here. She is supposed to be captivating enough to stop men from fighting and she just isn't. Isn't at all. In fact, I find her annoying at best and was really hoping that Kimber took her down a Notch. Who likes a dirty rat, anyways? The soundtrack, while trying to be different, and "cool" , really just is jarring with this time period and intellectual drama. Who REALLY likes Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds anyways? Their one good song doesn't make any kind of sense at their cult following. I think they are one of those " like this and be cool and different" things , but they just make sh***y music. Sorry. I am reading a lot of bad reviews on the accents, but these accents are actually really authentic. The accents at the time, weren't what they are today. I also appreciated how they alluded to the birth of the Irish Gypsy. Being a history buff, you will enjoy the authenticity of this part of England during this chaotic time. When immigrants flooded the streets and revolution was a very real threat to the crown. This programme is pretty solid. It's a good replacement for Ripper St. which the BBC has regrettably tossed aside for now. I do like period flicks, but I think the Irish/gypsy thing is a bit of a stretch and historically questionable. Irish "gypsies" aren't gypsies like the rest of Europe (i.e. Roma). The Roma and Irish travellers share no common ethnicity, no common language, customs, etc. Yet, when the lead Blinder meets with the Queen Gypsy he speaks some Latin-based language presumably some Roma language, but the Gypsies are meant to be Irish. I'm not saying it couldn't/didn't happen, I just question the historic accuracy of this. Not sure why it took me so long to discover this fascinating look at gangsters around London, I'm just glad it was recommended for me on Netflix. This is a combination of everything I want from a series.<br/><br/>The scenery is striking: beautiful and grimy. Most notable are the flashes of fire along the streets. I find the period clothing to be interesting and lovely, although I cannot verify it's accuracy.<br/><br/>Music selections are varied and generally, in my opinion, outstanding. I have found myself searching for some to purchase.<br/><br/>Every performance is really superior. Some standouts are Cillian Murphy, Hellen McCrory and Paul Anderson. The only actor I find a bit jarring is Sam Neill. And that's not a knock on his acting, only that I think he takes his evil so far it makes me uncomfortable.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this if you like the gangster genre and don't mind the violence. Also, if you are a fan of the, Good that is evil and Bad that isn't, sort of thing, this is for you. Even if you have to look away at moments, the blue eyes of C. Murphy can pull you through. Mesmerizing. It's a very good movie but I gave it a star because it promotes smoking and alcohol consumption. Basically you're not watching you haven't really seen before. Not groundbreaking. The production overall seems expensive due to amazing locations and photography. The only problem is the soundtrack. The songs chosen remind psicodelic rock which is not related to the time when events occur. Production should try to add music from 1920s. I enjoyed the story and the music. The decor and the setting of 20th Britain was perfect. BUT
The slow of the events and a lot of dialogue might be hated by others. it's not for everyone . Great, but don't watch past season 2. Characters get incredibly two dimensional, narrative is drawn out, repeated and oversimplified.... I will always recommend Peaky Blinders because the first season is pure stylistic and narrative genius and wonderfully crafted in terms of the psychological complexity and motivations of each character. Unfortunately the more the series progresses the more of its soul it loses. Keep your standards high, stick to the first season. Story , acting and atm and everything in this show is perfect but missing details.. sometimes jump from one scene to another skipping a vital part which you are waiting to watch it Gritty crime drama with a unique vision. Well acted by Cillian Murphy, who delivers a moody and charismatic performance as a 1920's gangster. On par with The Soprano's and Boardwalk empire. if you are into period crime dramas don't miss out on Peaky Blinders. Brutal violence, sex, and drugs in vintage gang drama. It is well acted and directed and employs a meticulous attention to detail. This show is absolutely amazing! It's a crime drama set in Shorth Heath, Birmingham just after WW1. The 'heros' are the Shelby family and their gang which start off as illegal bookmakers. During WW1, when Thomas, Arthur and John are in the army, the 'gang' is run by Aunt Polly, their absent fathers, sister.<br/><br/>The episodes are full of excitement and excellent acting. Their main enemy in series 1 and 2 is Chief Inspector Campbell, later a major working for the Home Office.<br/><br/>My gripes. The credits show a historical advisor but he is clearly hopeless. An example of this is in Series 2. The gang run a fleet of narrow boats between Birmingham and Camden Town, London. They claim to use the Grand Union Canal but this was not a name used untill after 1929.<br/><br/>They also complain of trouble from gangs as the boats pass through the Black Country on the way to London . It's common knowledge that to get to London from Birmingham, you go south east. To get to the Black Country, you go north west.<br/><br/>Great acting from Cillian Murphy ( Thomas), Helen McCrory ( Polly) and Sam Neil (Campbell ) Love the Cinematography, love the story, hate the soundtrack! Everything about peaky blinders is good, and the cast is brilliant! But am I in 1920's Birmingham or 1960's Mississippi. So cheesy and annoying! I loved the 1st season. Had great storyline and was very intriguing.
2nd season was also promising. But I left the 3rd season after first 2 episodes. From the production value, the high quality writing and compelling performances from the ensemble cast, this show worth investing your time in. I saw a review that said that PB is all style and no substance, well that might seem true once you start this series but just keep watching and you'll see why this is such a good show. First of all it's set in the 1920s so i was a little worried that it'll be hard to follow what's going on, which is not the case here though. The narrative is great. The atmosphere and the soundtrack is just perfect. The casting choice is perfect as well. PB knows how to end an episode which is a great plus point in my book. There are many instances throughout the series where you just won't be able to predict what happens next. This is one of those shows which gets better with time. I finished watching 4th season yesterday and can confirm that. Just give it a chance and you'll enjoy it. The more i watch Cillian Murphy the more i love him, his real, striking talent of drawing you into the scene. I think he is the answer of the question why you should watch Peaky Blinders. And no, he is not my platonic love :))
Besides the colours, harmony of music and scenes, shooting angles, all the drama effects are also just perfect. I dearly congragulate every team member behind these.
But 9 stars. Because the plot. It s getting more and more cliche. Please dont. Y 7 out of 10 you ask. Well, they picked the wrong Italian guy for season 4 (Adrian Brody). Nevertheless, the series looks super realistic and the acting was very convincing (especially Tom Hardy's, my favorite actor) The acting is superb in this gangster period piece. At the beginning, the story is based on a true story based in England which brings charm to this tv-show. The quality of the scenario puts you in a good position where you will have to watch all the episodes before getting satisfy. Cillian Murphy is so good in is characters. The cinematographic style is different compare to other tv-shows. They have won a lot of praise for its writing, acting, visual style, etc. 
If you have some time and you want to begin a new tv-show, do not thing anymore! Peaky Blinders, it' what you need. Season 4 is set around Christmas, but filmed in summer. The trees are in full bloom, flowers everywhere, you cant see the character's breath- and in some scenes, they arent even wearing coats! Such a shame they could let an otherwise great show down so spectacularly. It completely detracts from the credibility of the story. I only watched the first two seasons because my partner was hooked from the first trailer. His obsession quickly became mine too. The acting is phenomenal and the writing doesn't dry up or bore. Consistently over the years the storylines have gripped and excited. The direction and cinematography has been phenomenal and the casting - from day one - has been spot on. The actors have grown into their roles well enough that they must be hard pressed to distinguish themselves from their roles by now. Exceptional from top to bottom! Hopefully many more years to come! It contains too much sexuality. so this is my score 8. For the longest time I had no interest in watching this show. It looked too much like another "B'walk Empire" which I never cared for all that much anyway. But I started watching and became hooked. I must be one of the few who likes the music choices. I mean, what are you going to do? Nick Cave is prefect, PJ Harvey...and I also discovered a great song "Arthur's Hanging" via the show.
The cast is IMO much of the strength. There can be a bit of over acting at times esp. from Arthur, but all in all I'd say they are all very good. One small note that threw me: the character of Grace obviously had some work done ion her nose in between Season 1 and 2. One can understand that actress's choice, but in a weird way I think that she was more beautiful with that imperfection before.<br/><br/>I had seen other people's reviews who obviously had seen all seasons, and had grown disillusioned. I now understand why. Season 4 was unwatchable. Hackneyed writing, going for cheap responses, glaring plot holes, over acting, slow motion used to extreme.<br/><br/>There is one odd matter on casting and directing of this show: IMO most of the characters were very well cast. especially the female leads. But EVERY Italian of the many series ended up being a lousy caricature of a mobster; so badly acted that it became cartoon-like. Brody was simply unwatchable. I started FF-ing through all scenes with him. The show manages to boast great performances from all of its characters. No performances in the show feel bad. The antagonists that are introduced every season such as Charlie Creed-Miles' Billy Kimber and Tom Hardy's Alfie Solomon's are played expertly and do have audiences genuinely hating their guts at points.<br/><br/>The show has so many memorable moments and is no stranger to delivering some harsh emotional scenes that see the character we have grown to love at their lowest point. <br/><br/>This leads on to the only gripe that I have with the show which is that the time jumps every series manage to affect character consistency. Arthur Shelby can be at the best of times a brutal and funny character and at other times the restraint and dull nature that his character shows can damage your view of him. Polly Gray is another character who started off as a caring and calculating member of the Shelby clan but has now become bound to her character traits. <br/><br/>She Loves Her Son. We Get It. The show is good, very well made in terms of ambience (clothes, locations, etc), good plot.<br/><br/>But truth be told it reminded me a lot of Sons of Anarchy.<br/><br/>Bad guys, doing bad stuff, but in the end you have mixed feelings towards them - between liking them or wishing them to have a bad trade.<br/><br/>A senior woman with a mother figure playing an important role as well (just like SoA).<br/><br/>On the bad side, I believe the caracthers should be more explored.<br/><br/>If you like SoA, you will like this.
And if by any chance you haven't seen SoA yet, give it a chance after Peaky Blinders. Characters, acting, story line, scenery, soundtrack... I could go on. Really, REALLY well done, and for so many episodes and seasons. Context: Sherlock is this good. Vikings was that good for the first season only, season 2 was nearly as good then began a descent into stupidity. Peaky Blinders had me hooked from my initial viewing, the acting is top quality with many irish actors cast roles. Being Irish this was a big lure for me, but also non Irish top actors like Tom Hardy, Sam Neill & Adrien Brody who really raised the bar of the show. I was excited to see new actors such as the Joe and Finn Cole pop up, Joe I had seen firstly in an episode of Black Mirror, but Finn looks like he could be the next Tom Hardy, hes got the looks and the acting skill. <br/><br/>The cinematography is superb in this show along with the color grading chosen to give an extra grittyness to the product. The costume, Hair styles and set design in this show I cannot fault, as the show progresses from season to season, we see the characters grow as well as their social situation change and this is reflected in the Locations and costumes.<br/><br/>The tying in of historical events into the show, its emphasis on working class England, and the mental aftermath of the war are powerful elements used by the writers which create a show aimed at a variety of audiences. The general twists in storyline plots leave viewers in gut wrenching positions at times.<br/><br/>The only bad criticism I have about the show is the Soundtrack. I found myself watching season one thinking "electric blues tracks on a period drama". I am a fan of the bands, but the music sits oddly for me withing the show, tracks such as "Dan Auerbach - I Want Some More", "The Raconteurs - Broken Boy Soldier" & "The White Stripes-Hardest Button To Button" for me dont work and then hearing "Radiohead - You and Whose Army" in season 3 was totally out of place (love the song but not in the context used). One track which cant be faulted is the shows use of "Nick Cave - Red Right Hand" which fits perfectly and is covered by various artists throughout the series. In one scene Annabelle Wallis who plays Grace sings a "sad song" for Thomas Shelby which turns out to be one of the most liveliest Irish sing-along songs heard in Irish Pubs "Black Velvet band", although the lyrics are more emotional in the show by slowing the version down, I feel there are a wealth of sad Irish songs that could have been alternatively used.
After finishing the series I do feel one gets used to the soundtrack, but an original score I feel may have worked better. I love this show! I finished all 4 seasons a couple weeks ago some how found out about this series and got hooked. This is a very unattractive looking show if you just looking for something to watch on Netflix you will pass it up which I did all the time but one day I stop and gave it a try and found a cinematic treasure. Peaky Blinders is the best gangster story I've ever seen and I just can't get over how the music is still haunting my soul to remembering the different events that went on doing the 4 seasons. Peaky Blinders get better each season and keep you guessing through the whole time. Very good series except the episodes with italian mop , they are boring and Adrian Brodyis ridiculous because this role is not good for him! Top character acting some of the best scenes you will see on tv. Epic performances from Cillian Murphy , Sam Neill, Tom Hardy and Adrien Brody. I'm shocked at how few reviews this masterpiece of a show has received its one of the best shows I've seen and I've seen all the top shows. No one is more of a G than Tommy f***in shelby Having recently read a wide variety of material related to WW1 and Interwar period, I was quite intrigued by the British series Peaky Blinders. Although I received many recommendations for it, I wasn't really interested in watching it back then when all the fuss began.
The BBC really made me change my mind. From the first episode I immediately knew I was going to be a big fan of the Peaky f..... Blinders, starting from the soundtrack, costumes, haircuts, Birmingham's somber industrial landscapes to the great cast that demonstrated perfectly the era in which these complex and well portrayed characters lived.
You become very attached to each of the Blinders' gang members. They are cruel, aggressive and ambitious in plans to expend their illegal business, as Tommy likes to say: ''Business first" and above all. Now and then you see their kind and caring side of personality too, still they were just little boys dragged into a big destructive war that changed them forever. Though looking decisive, clear minded and focused on so called ''business'', during the nights Thomas' mind is fighting the horrible memories from the war. 
''No one came back", they are different now.
Even though there are a few women characters, they are fierce and courageous and oh boy they really left a mark. I am not British so I can't judge the Birmingham's accent of Helen McCrory, but I was pleasantly surprised by her performance. She really made me emotionally involved in her character's life story.
You can't help but root for the Shelby family despite all the messy things they've done. In every Shelby there is a thin line between the good and the bad. That line is often crossed over and back as characters show different aspects of their behavior. The most stylish and beautifully taken tv drama series I've seen. Thomas Shelby played by Cillian Murphy carries the show on his shoulder but the most lovable character is played by his elder brother Arthur Shelby. He comes across as a guy who is just switching between God and the Devil and it is amazing to see him emote such characteristics while Tommy just keeps his cool most of the time. The supporting cast have done their role very well with special mention to the actor who played Polly. And the second biggest plus apart from the cinematography is the music. The music is spot on! Just finished watching all 4 seasons. Waiting for the 5th one by the order of the Peaky Fucking Blinders! Brilliant show, can't wait season 5!
Great acting, great photography, perfect story. So, what do I think of it? Well, to be honest I think it is the best TV series I have ever seen in my currently 21 years of life! I admit that I might be a little biased as I usually have a thing for the "gangster" genre, but I guarantee that anyone who feels that way will absolutely love this. The best................10/10.................decent Why the f...k would Cillian try to speak in Romanian language while speaking with a gipsy leader from 1919? First: that is just offensive to all the Romanian people, because they have nothing in common with the gipsies living in Romania, given that gipsies in Romania are speaking their own language . Second: gipsies that live in England and Ireland speak an entire other language that no englishman or irishman understand. Third: even romanian language was totally different in 1919. Gipsies have always been a migrating population, living all over Europe, so I don't understand why such a great television full of professionals like BBC would associate them with Romania. That's just lack of thinking. But a great show. And PS: Cillian could have tried harder to learn the few lines in romanian. It really isn't that hard :) peaky blinders is one of the best series ever made. the best actors and a good story. its getting better and better after every episode. killian murphy acts like thats his one life. a bit of humor & sarkasmn to the brutal and dark world it plays is the perfect mix for series like this. once started to watch, you can't stop. one of the best series ever made. need to be seen by everyone ;) Started watching the latest series(5?) and it is better than anticipated. I was unsure where they would go from last season and if some obstacles could even be overcome. Families always come together when necessary despite all odds because blood will always be thicker than water. We see a possibly new love interest for Tommy in another sassy lady. Acting, as always, is superb! A new direction and enemy for the family emerges so we will have another amazing series. End of 2017 so this series will go into 2018. If people have not caught up to this series then they should do so as it looks every bit as good as what has gone before. This review can be a short one - because there is really just one thing to say; watch Peaky Blinders! <br/><br/>Excellent characters are brought to life through classy acting. Storyline remains Interesting and intriguing in all seasons, there's never a dull moment. The plot has twists and turns and the action hits you in the face, it is wild and beautiful at the same time. The backdrop is gloomy and always visually stunning. <br/><br/>And what a genius move to set it all against the music of industry titans Nick Cave and PJ Harvey. Fits like hand in glove. Heavy tunes that turn your nerves into knots, as you sit on the edge of your seat, wondering what will happen next. Without doubt one of the best shows to ever made. Just sit back and enjoy the pure class this show offers. I love this show in every aspect, the screenplay, the dialogues, the music, the characters, the actors, the location, the story and what not. You'll be hooked from episode 1 and end up wanting more. Peaky Blinders is one of a kind show that i have watched in a long time. This show started a bit slow for me, and has some weird anachronistic feelings or music at times, but overall, this is hugely entertaining. I don't know why some reviewers seem to hate it so bad. One or two simply went on a tirade about the amount of smoking in the show! LOL. It takes place in a gutter environment of the working and criminal class in the early 1900s!!! Of course they are smoking and drinking. Hell, the preachers and mothers smoked in those days, right up to the 1970s. <br/><br/>Plenty of intrigue, violence, and competing criminal and political factions to go around. The whole atmosphere captures the grim and dirty feel of the work and time period.<br/><br/>The protagonist is a good actor, and I don't really see any bad actors in this.<br/><br/>The formula and gangster thing may have been done before, but I see some really original spin on it from this show. So far, it has generally gotten better and better. I've been waiting a long time for season 4, and I binge-watch whenever a season comes out. I'm satisfied and intrigued... If you ever watched Sons of Anarchy and thought to yourself, "I really wish all the main actors were Irish and the setting was a hundred years ago in England.", then good news! Don't get me wrong, Peaky Blinders is a really good show, great acting, awesome period piece,... it does bog down and get a bit slow at times but all in all, very enjoyable. At the end of the day, however, it is very much SOA. If you've watched SOA and liked it then give Peaky Blinders a try, if you like Peaky Blinders and have never watched SOA... well get on it already. Thomas "fucking" Shelby died at the end of S02E06. There was no one saving him, oh no, the red right hand was too much. Shame he had to go like the rest of the ***kers, but it was a good death, a good way to go. There are no further seasons nor further episodes. It ended when it was still good and that's how it is supposed to be. <br/><br/>Regards from a fan. And to everyone who plans to try the "alternative version" with the name 'Peaky Blinders Season 03', don't bother, it is fan-fiction and should not be considered canon. It does share some similarities with seasons 1 and 2, such as the same characters, or to be more accurate, the same actors. Otherwise it is bs that might make you like the first seasons less. Good OST though, shame it is a waste. I have literally watched every good show there is on to watch but i like something which has more of a historical feel. Somehow, I came across this amazing show which literally got me hooked up. Cillian Murphy has done an amazing job as a lead who is fierce and loving as well. The whole cast in the show is amazing. Amazing direction, Awesome storyline. It takes you away from the reality for a moment which is what makes it extraordinary.<br/><br/>Imagine Boardwalk Empire relocated to England and revamped as outright pulp instead of prestige TV, and you'd have something pretty close to Steven Knight's historical gangster drama.It Has more direct pleasures than the departed "Boardwalk Empire" thanks in part to a fresh, hellish setting and the reliable chill of Cillian Murphy, whose icy stare pairs well with the show's grim Nick Cave soundtrack.<br/><br/>Trust Me, This show is AMAZING. The season is sheer class which grabs your attention the moment you start seeing it. The good thing about Peaky Blinders is that, it grows with time. The directors have let it grow slowly and have been good at not over doing it. It looks natural and you find it close to reality. Cillian Murphy has been outclass in his performance as a lead actor. Hez cool, classy and is well articulated for future. This is his strongest performance in his entire career and I've started loving him for that. Folks watching Narcos and other seasons on gangz will find this appealing in its own way. A must see for folks interested in top quality British Season!!!!! I just love this show and had to keep watching to find out what would happen to the characters. The storyline is strong and the writers have done a fine job - you are immersed into the world of the Peaky Blinders who rule 1920's Birmingham. The ugliness of life for the inhabitants of the city is realistic and justifies the decisions that many of the characters make. Themes of loyalty, betrayal and morality underpin the plot.<br/><br/>Stand out performances from Cillian Murphy and Sam Neil - two actors who just never disappoint. The nemesis relationship they have is fascinating to watch unfold. <br/><br/>All supporting roles are equally as compelling with the character development of family members and those close to Peaky Blinders a joy to watch. <br/><br/>So many other series have disappointed by being either plot driven or character driven, whereas this show logically and artfully progresses both. The team who have created this series have done a stellar job and should be congratulated for a job well done.<br/><br/>I am hanging out for Season 3! this is solid you can build from it a great TV SHOW . you BBC , just needs to keep it going without changing the main things thats made it solid i wish to see a third season very soon .<br/><br/>every body love peaky blinders and every body wants it to continue. with good development i believe it can get to boardwalk empire and beat it also .<br/><br/>..... ...... ........<br/><br/>and why there's not even an announcement for the third season release <br/><br/>do BBC considering not keep it going ? <br/><br/>thats Will be disappointing <br/><br/>a fan from Saudi Arabia The BBC has done it again! At least, that's what many of the critics are saying about the newly popular show Peaky Blinders. If the thought of British mobsters circa 1919 excites you, then you better buckle up because it's going to be a bumpy ride (bareback on a racehorse because that's just how protagonist Thomas Shelby does it.) Peaky Blinders centers around the Shelbys, a gangster family living in the foggy industrial city of Birmingham, England. The family makes their money through the black market and illegal bookmaking, the underground business of betting on sports such as horse racing or boxing. The gang has an organized hierarchy headed by the former World War I soldier Thomas Shelby (Cillian Murphy) and while he was away at war, the Jezebel-risquÃ© Aunt Polly (Helen McCrory). Peaky Blinders is named after the actual historic gang of Birmingham, the "Peaky Blinders" who were known for sewing razor blades on the peaks of their caps which they used as weapons to blind their adversaries.