Having a few bad weeks behind due to work, personal family issues etc etc and just opened Netflix late evening to set my mind away from all stuff. This movie was just what I needed! Creating acting, great plot. Got me a great "happy feeling" during the whole movie. Thanks to all who played a role in making this movie!! I felt that the movie was a little bit slow at the start, but it did eventually get its groove with some really, really funny scenes, particularly the one involving Keanu, which makes me wonder how the hell they were able to get him star in this "small" movie after the enormous success of the John Wick series. Vivian Bang stole every scene she was in, and I didn't know Randall Park was such a good rapper. Anyway, a pretty solid feel good Rom-Com, highly recommended. I watched it yesterday and I would be more than glad to watch it again. The characters were so likeable, especially James Saito, who made me smile with every scene he was on. I have to admit the Keanu Reeves part took me by surprise and it was HILARIOUS. If you are a fan of romantic comedies and also have some knowledge about Keanu's previous roles in action movies, you will totally enjoy this one, I guarantee it. This is such a cute movie, it's smart, funny and not ridiculous. There's such good chemistry and it just works!! I've always really liked Ali Wong, never a mega fan necessarily but loved her in things I saw. Can't say I was a Randall Park fan, it's not that I didn't like him, I just didn't ever love any of his projects. This one is such a win though. FINALLY such a cute rom com that's not rushed or corny or lame. Ali Wong And Randall Park are both writers and producers on this project! It really makes me fans of both of them. Please tell me there's a sequel in the works already! There have been so many high school stories on Netflix so this was a nice, fresh story. We need more of these quality rom coms!!!! Also the music was great! Thia movie is absolutely perfect in every way. If you haven't seen it, I won't give much away. Having said that, the movie does a phenomenal job of both ebracing this generation and simultaneously poking fun of it.
It's hillarious and ironic at the same time. Keanu Reeves in this movie... best part! If all movies grasped this level of awareness, there would be a lot more hits out there. It's different and playful, while still sort of following an older rom com format. It's a must see. A tender rom com that I enjoyed right from the start when Sasha shuts her door in the face of Marcus until the credits during which Marcus sings his memorable encounter. The success of the film owes much to the actors playing the two main protagonists, either teen or adult, as well as the wacky and awesome presence of <a href="/name/nm0000206/">Keanu Reeves</a>, as a repulsive guest star. The characters are globally endearing and transform this conventional story in a delightful rom com. There were a few laughs and there's a nice feel-good factor in here. Ali Wong and Keanu Reeves were great, as well.<br/><br/>However, in certain parts, the characters' actions were so over the top, creating a drastic change in tone that broke immersiveness in the 'romance' of the story.<br/><br/>I didn't believe in the great love or even friendship between the two leads because a long relationship like that is more than a few jokes and one sexual encounter. There was no sense of them having been through a lot together or knowing each other's unique quirks or talking about big life stuff and finding out each other's values.<br/><br/>Also, one part at the end surprised me by being construed as a romantic gesture on Ali Wong's part. I am sure that most people in real life would be angry and upset that what they thought was their business booming turned out to be a loved one secretly throwing money at the problem.<br/><br/>While I can see Ali Wong's character as being an amazing; desirable woman, Randall Park's character came off as immature to the point of being selfish and mean-spirited, hence not likeable or attractive.<br/><br/>His 'growth' and realization at the end felt like too little, too late. It came off as a man who seemed to do a one-eighty because he had nothing else in his life anyway, rather than someone who grew into himself and finally realised he appreciated her. I was so looking forward to this, but the main female character gave me no reason to like her. The little girl at the beginning was good, but it went downhill from there. Marcus's dad was good and Sasha's bff was great, but there was no real chemistry between the main characters and the movie just never gave me any reason to pull for the couple. I didn't hate it.. In fact, I really wanted to like this film! Unfortunately, Randall Park fails to rise to Ali Wong's emotional level in the key critical emotional scenes. It's not that I don't appreciate Randall Park.. I do, especially in The Interview & Ant Man.. but, it's just really obvious that Ali Wong is capable of channeling genuine emotion at a level that Randall Park is not.. or, at least, not in this case. Basically, more a complement to Ali than a put down to Randall. It's still a little early yet to tell whether or not Ali Wong will sustain a lasting film career.. if she does, the prospect of seeing her cast in a more emotionally challenging role is definitely intriguing. Also, I did really like the supporting players.. solid overall casting here.. and, I genuinely appreciated Keanu's willingness to be the comedic "heavy" when, by all accounts, he's is the exact opposite in real life. 6/10 Honestly this movie is kind of difficult to stay with; I paused it at 60 minutes and couldn't believe there was still another half hour left.
It's hard to be invested or care about either main character as one is an arrested development man-child and the other is a pretentious jerk. Their personalities and life style are not compatible and the chemistry just isn't there. Unbelievable romance and almost no comedy. I think this might be my favourite rom-com ever. It had everything - I laughed and I cried multiple times throughout the movie. Special shoutout to Karan Soni and Michelle Buteau, who both had impeccable comedic timing and stole the show pretty much everytime they were on screen.<br/><br/>And of course, Randall Park and Ali Wong ... they KILLED it. This was gold. I had high expectations, and this met all of them and went beyond.<br/><br/>It was a little predictable and some of the jumps between scenes were a little quick, but these are just minor critiques.<br/><br/>Also, Keanu Reeves. That's all I'm gonna say about that. Great fun movie and the actors were good. It went up a notch when Keanu Reeves entered the story. He was brilliant. I couldn't stop laughing. I haven't laughed like that in a long time. Love the way he was happy to make fun of himself. I've always loved Ali Wong's stand up special so I was excited to see her acting in her comedic glory and she didn't disappointing! This movie was consistently funny with a tender and none mean spirited awkward humor.<br/><br/>The chemistry between the actors was excellent, for both the comedic and emotional moments. I would definitely recommend! Better than Crazy Rich Asians, not too stereotyped. Hope to see more movies from Ali Wong. Seriously, he's funny, unexpected, and also his usual sexy self.
Movie's cute too - pretty predictable, but with enough heart and intelligence to keep it interesting. I loved this one a lot, I think this is one of the best Netflix movie ever. The main leads had the greatest chemistry ever. Plus all the other cast did well. I loved the story a lot and the jokes are on point. It really delivers the Rom-com that you are looking for. We really enjoyed this. Some great moments of pure awkwardness had us in stitches. Loved Randall Park and Ali Wong. They play off each other very well. Really great characters throughout the whole movie. The young kids were adorable. Keanu Reeves plays himself to perfection. Overall a thoroughly enjoyable show. The trailer had me hooked. I thought it was going to be a clever rom com about returning to your roots. I thought it would show the importance of love and family over fame. Sure, the movie ended on that point for the last five minutes. But the character development was lacking. The characters would love someone, then yell at them, hate them, then repeat. Their actions were impulsive. It finally ends happy but doesn't explain how the characters changed inside in order to get to that point. It felt very sad and like people only cared about themselves, except for when it benefited themselves to care about someone else. The characters were punny but I really didn't get to know them. This one is almost unwatchable, for some reason I wanted to like it, but it never really got better. The acting is wooden and contrived. Almost all of the jokes are subpar. I have no idea why it has 7 stars right now - must be all the cast and crew who rated it after it was just released. If you have to watch it skip to the scenes with Keanu and stop watching after that. If there's one thing Netflix seems to be doing pretty successfully (besides TV), it's rom-coms. Always Be My Maybe was the next big comedy to make waves through the renowned streaming service, and to mostly good results. Ali Wong and Randall Park play two lovers who reconnect after not having seen each other for over a decade. Park, who has been poorly miscast in a few recent comic book films, plays great off Wong and vice versa. And as I say about most of these films, it can be painfully cheesy without the right actors & director. Luckily, that's not the case here. Plus, an extended cameo from Keanu Reeves as himself made this film all the more enjoyable. So even if the rom-com genre isn't necessarily getting the screen time in theaters it deserves, I'm glad it seems to be making a resurgence on the small screen.<br/><br/>7.7/10 Is this movie bad? No. It's fine. The writing is fine. The acting is fine. The jokes are fine. It's nice that this movie is diverse, and I love Ali Wong. I was just disappointed. I expected to laugh more and I expected a less derivative story. I feel like they took a normal rom-com, gave it an all-Asian cast and called it a day. And worst of all, it was kinda boring. The main conflict could've been solved in the first hour.<br/><br/>I will admit, Keanu Reeves was really entertaining in this. One of the best parts of the movie.<br/><br/>I definitely wouldn't watch this movie again, and I wouldn't recommend this movie either just because you wouldn't be missing out on much. You can watch the Keanu Reeves parts on YouTube. I am not a fan of rom coms but had nothing to watch and this was new on Netflix today.<br/><br/>It starts off pretty slow but after about 20 mins it becomes very enjoyable and quite amusing especially the parts with Keanu Reeves. The ending is predictable but it's well worth a watch. This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life, what is K. Reeves doing in this movie? This movie is so bad I made and IMDb account just to tell you people how bad it is. I got that it wasn't flashy, but it wasn't bad either. It had acting and comedy chops without being crass or obvious. It was solid and told a story with people of colour without resorting to making it a message-movie. Hamilton-syndrome maybe; representative without being about representation. Yes, it felt like good TV and not great movie, with its Netflix standard crispness, but it knows its audience. I very much liked this sort of effortlessly pleasing romcom with real chemistry and no pretensions. So, a hard one for me to review.
I really liked the humour that they used. Even made me laugh out loud sometimes!
And I feel like the characters were realistic, not over the top stereoptypes (like you can get a lot in romcoms).
But, despite of the good haha moments that I had, the storyline was kind of boring. A not so original boy loves girl, girl loves boy movie. Whilst the film doesn't break any new ground and is fairly formulaic it still has that feel good factor with two very likeable leads and enough actual laughs to get by. It won't blow your socks off but perfect for a quiet night in. A couple, from small kids to adults always seem to mess things up just as they seem to becoming a couple. Their lives go in different directions for years with him becoming an air conditioning engineer, her a hugely successful chef and restauranteur. Then they meet up again.<br/><br/>Whilst the romcom story elements are hardly radical, this is a genuinely funny and sharp comedy with two lovely central performances, supported by a great turn by Buteau and a hysterical send up of himself by Keanu Reeves - the scene in the hugely ostentatious restaurant is one of the funniest of the year. But this was pretty good. I loved the stars and the laughs were plentiful. Keanu Reeves' unexpected appearance was absolutely welcome and hilarious. This is one of the only romcoms I've really liked and I can say it was a pleasure to watch. It's not a new concept, but you can still have a good time seen this. Also, the actors have a fine chemistry. In Always Be My Maybe, two childhood friends who once hooked up reconnect. She's become famous, he not so much. They sort out their feelings. That's pretty much the story.<br/><br/>The series is directed by Nahnatchka Khan, who created the TV series Fresh Off the Boat, and there are more laughs in one episode of that show than in this entire movie. Most of those laughs happen in a burst of hilarity at a chi-chi restaurant and directly after. These scenes, both of which feature Keanu Reeves playing a really awful version of himself, could be the basis of a much better movie.<br/><br/>So that's the Com, but what about the Rom? Well, that's an issue too. Sasha dates jerks, but when a friend tells her she should go for Marcus and she says he's a "stealth jerk" she's absolutely right. And because we see how jerky he is it's really hard to hope those two wind up together. Also, while Randall Park and Ali Wong have an easygoing chemistry, it's very much friends chemistry. I never felt this were two people who really *should* be together. Comfortable chemistry would be fine if it seemed like they'd make a good couple, but as I say, he's a jerk, so you need really electric chemistry to make it seem like they should be together in spite of that.<br/><br/>It's all perfectly watchable and pleasant enough, but it's definitely a second-tier rom-com. I enjoyed this movie. I don't compare it to When Harry Met Sally at all like some of the other reviews said. This was cute on its own as a rom-com, it was funny and had fun characters. The end was really worth it! But Keanu Reeves being in it as "himself" was absolutely hilarious and made the movie more fun. Don't want to go into it, the plot is already explained, just wanted to say it's cute and worth watching. Funny and enjoyable. Keanu is very nice twist, he played the "douche" role perfectly. I wanted to like this one more but I found myself pausing the movie every 20-30 minutes to do or watch something else.<br/><br/>There are some cute and very human moments in here however the main issue is the leads. One is an arrest development man-child and the other is a pretentious over achiever. Thing is the movie treats the female lead's every movement and breath like a mistake, how dare she aim high or feel resentment for her miserable childhood...<br/><br/>Oddly the man-child only gets called out on his flaws in a reactionary way. There is no chemistry between the two and it feels like forced romance. Keanu Reeves cameo is AMAZING and hands down the best part of this slog. 6/10 - with Ali Wong and Randall Park, I thought this would've been a tad funnier, but it was still a charming rom-com Though quite average and formulaic at times, Always Be My Maybe manages to take risks with much success, even while not totally being a great romantic comedy. The film is well acted, and well told, minus some structure issues. The overall look makes for a dazzling and at times romantic spectacle that seems fitting for the film, but at times may prove distracting rather than helpful. Needless to say, Keanu Reeves somewhat cameo halfway through the film makes for the most joy in an otherwise average story, and is surprisingly done with just the right amount of ridiculousness without taking it too far. In the end, the film is sweet, and obviously not perfect, but it has its quirks and provides a certainly interesting addition to the Netflix rom-com catalog.
My Rating: 7.5/10 Bad writing, non believable characters, side characters added nothing, poor dialogues, cringed all throughout (not just the parts where they wanted me to). Sad that I wasted my time on this one. Don't mind a predictable movie, but at least try to devellop a proper storyline. Why they would fall in love in the present is absolutely not clear. Yes, they have history. But as a succesfull and smart woman that would not be enough reason to date the sad town guy who had zero personal development in 16 years. Can't believe people are actually willing to invest that much money in such an awful movie. And I didn't know any of the main actors from before, which might explain why my review is unbiased, unlike others that you may find here. Did not feel a single butterfly, no chemistry and no laughs. I saw this movie had garnered some positive user reviews so I gave it shot. Man I wish I had that 90 minutes left. The characters are awful. Neither of the main leads is likable. They are childhood sweethearts who have drifted apart and now are living completely different and incompatible lifestyles but somehow end up back together. So predictable and so underwhelming. And full of holes. We're expected to believe that the woman, who has loved the man since she was a child, hasn't been in contact for 16 years. It's just unrealistic. The girlfriend Jenny...they made her so unlikeable that there's no way to believe the main character dated her for five months. I'd advise you to find something else...this type of movie has been done 100 times and each of those is better than this. The only reason it got three stars from me is there's a pretty unexpected cameo that totally cracked me up. I won't spoil it in case you don't heed my warning and watch it anyway... I often feel like a laid back romcom. But this one did not satisfy. This genre depends on likable characters, the plot is not important as the ending is set in traditional granite. I am sorry but Ali Wong is way too plastic for me. The type of unrecyclabe plastic that is poisoning sea life even as we speak - from her over sized plastic glasses to her clumsy plastic boots. On the other hand you could smell Randall Park's sweat and farts in his weed incensed room - but as a rapper? He does not even qualify as a wannabe. He is used as a pawn to satisfy the current feminist movement. I mean who can be so submissive in real life. One does not need to be Trump to call him 'stoned-out cold loser'. What the 'couple' had in common was just that they are Asian and lived next door to each other when kids. That's it. They hated each others neighborhood, jobs, clothes and even food for goodness sake. Don't get me started on the Keanu Reeves sketch - the longest cameo-use-as-life-support-system in B movie for TV history. In your face name-dropping sexploitation. The story is not new but nice cast and an absolute highlight when Keanu Reeves appears. The restaurant szene is hilarious. Watchable only because of this szene. I'm sorry. I can't find myself to like this movie. I tried to. But just can't. Once I saw the scene where Marcus try to call Sasha among the photographer during the red carpet, i'm done. I feel that the movie trying to give me the feel from the similar scene from Notting Hill but it failed miserable. What could have been a good movie was ruined by the over played notion that a beautiful, successful woman would fall in love with a pathetic, unambitious stoner with few redeeming qualities. In 2019 we've come to expect more from our rom-coms. Two childhood friends are very close. One is in love with the other. They grow apart and one becomes very successful while the other stays in their home town. Successful friend returns home with their current partner. Over the course of their return, they fall in love with childhood friend again and end their relationship with their current partner.
This synopsis descripes this movie and the 2005 film "just friends" starring Ryan Reynolds, Amy Smart, and Anna Ferris. The only difference is that the genders we're swapped.
Aside from the unoriginal story, the comedy was bland and the pacing was awful. The writing was fine (even the parts that weren't copied seemed to be uninteresting and uninspired) but the directing is what killed it. The two main actors did good with what they were given and made me believe they were real people for most of the movie.<br/><br/><br/><br/>SPOILERS!!: This movie falls victim to the predictable narrative of the two main characters being mad at each other for a small portion of the movie. Everything is going great and out of nowhere Randall Park's character just starts acting out and being a jerk to Ali Wong's character. They give a reason as to why he acts this way but no real person would take it to this extent in real life.
All in all, the movie isn't great but the two main characters are portrayed by likable enough actors to prevent this movie from being a 2/10. The main characters parents have bad actors and I wish they were in less of the movie.
This movie gets two stars for the high production quality and another star because of the two main actors.
This movie is bad. Watch Just friends instead if you want a good rom com. Put this movie on for "background noise" as I do with many netflix originals and instead I ended up completely intrigued with the movie. Heartfelt, great comedy, and two great actors for the lead role. My husband liked it enough to stay off his phone for the whole movie lol! Well written and casted with a fresh storyline. Pleasantly surprised Only watch this movie if you are looking to giggle at how pointless and boring a romcom can possibly be. Characters had no interesting traits and didn't make any sense. Storyline got worse and worse as it went along. Even the writers who are the stars don't seem to understand how to properly deliver the lines. Almost any possible joke in the script was missed by bad timing. You'd think a movie written by so many talented people would be a lot more funnier and well written than this garbage movie turned out to be. So many dry awkward moments that could've been written better. Lots of great side characters wasted. Keanu was only casted to try and save this trash! You never connect with either character because basically it's all unrealistic. Same reason I don't get how crazy rich Asian gets such a high rating. This movie is just meh. Didn't expect much from the plot and can pretty much guessed the whole ending 20 mins into the movie. How some people can give it a 10 is just straight up baffling. Ali wong is quite funny and delivered a pretty on point performance, other than that, nothing special. Both Randal Park and Ali Wing are good in their parts but felt like something was missing, maybe chemistry. While watching a good movie you're supposed to forget it is a movie, but in this each scene felt it was a movie, like a fake emotion. Just continued watching for some humorous bits. The best part of this movie is Keanu Reeves.
The movie started out interesting, and then it turned into just another boring, romantic cliche. Just with Asians instead of the usual Hollywood bubch... The cast can't act and have no chemistry. I cringe all the way through.. I just finished the movie for the sake of finishing it.. bad acting.. bad writing.. bad storyline.. I'll cut to the chase. Yes definitely watch the movie. It has re-watchable value, a great Netflix rom-com/your vanilla rom-com. Story is predictable but that didn't matter still very enjoyable. Great Cast. Thanks NETFLIX. I thought this was a wonderful Friday night movie to watch and enjoy. It brought many many laughs and a couple of tears at key moments. The acting by Randall Park and Ali Wong was great and Keanu Reeves playing himself was a genius touch. I especially liked the rap during the credits. This movie popped up in my recommendations so I gave it a try. I wasn't laughing the entire time, but I did laugh quite a bit. Plus, it had a good story too. To me, that made it worth the watch. Its a cool, light hearted and really hilarious movie. Want to uplift your mood, go watch. Characters are likable and lovable and look like ordinary people. Cameo by Keanu Reeves was the high point of the movie and is hilarious and unique. Climax is typical romcom drama and nothing to write about. Othet than climax the whole movie is fun. This is a brilliant movie. It has great and believeable chemistry from all the actors, especially the leads. It is funny as hell, witty and blew me away with its universal charm. Most importantly it felt real. It felt like I was watching real friends and real situations develop before my eyes. It's the total package! I'm putting this gem right up there with some of the classic romantic comedies (not calling any names) from a time when 'Hollywood' had the magic formula and spent extra time trying to get the right team to collaborate and create magic for the viewers. I so miss those days :-) Do yourself a favour and watch this with someone you love! Very enjoyable! We need more movies like this. There are not enough Asian or black and brown movies with leads other than non white people in them. I am a big fan of Ali Wong from her stand up and American Housewife so was excited to watch this. It was so cliched that I would liken it to romcom in it's infancy. No chemistry between any of the characters and none of Ali's razor sharp wit.
Keanu was just genius and he uplifted his scenes with his screen presence, which is exactly what was needed for the rest of the movie. Charming and likable movie. Ali is very funny, she and Randall have great chemistry. Keanu cracked me up. Need more heartwarming movies like this. Good movie - a real treat. Throughly enjoyed it. Keanu was the icing on the cake. He's awesome. This movie was a total dud. I watched it with a few friends and the jokes fell flat, we chuckled once in awhile, but that's it. One of my friends kept looking at her watch, wondering "when is this going to end." The best thing about the movie was Keanu Reeves. The lead actor wasn't bad, the script was just horrible and I found Ali Wong annoying as hell. "Always Be My Maybe" is a tough film to watch. One one hand, there are some wonderful performances by some of the supporting characters. But, more importantly, the main characters (in particular the one played by Randall Park) are not likable and I didn't really want the 'happy ending' that seemed obligatory...but not necessary.<br/><br/>When the story begins, you see that Sasha and Marcus have been best friends since their childhood. However, eventually their relationship changes and the pair have a very awkward and unsatisfying sexual encounter....and eventually they both go their separate ways. Many years pass and now they are brought back together. In the interim, she (Ali Wong) has become a super-famous and successful chef and he (Randall Park) is a bit of a loser. Now his being a loser is NOT because he's a working class guy. It's more that he's bitter and a bit of snob that I call him a loser. Can the pair manage to get together even though BOTH are apparently involved in other relationships AND he is so angry and judgmental? And, can this successful lady figure out WHY she would want to settle for such a guy?!<br/><br/>The supporting characters, especially Keanu Reeves (who plays an odd and awful fake version of himself) are wonderful. But the chemistry between Sasha and Marcus never makes a lot of sense and you question why they writers insisted on making him such a knucklehead. A misfire with some decent aspects to the story. I couldn't wait for this to come out on Netflix. I really liked it. It was very funny and cute and the cast was great as well, but I'm partial to Keanu Reeves. Yet another Netflix duffer. This is the epitome of all can be bad in a film. Dreadfully wooden acting, dire unoriginal script, nothing endearing about any of the characters and really having not a ounce of thought about what happens to any of them. How anyone can rate this utter drivel higher is beyond me. The song 93 'til Infinity kicks-off this movie, immediately getting you into the early 90s frame of mind. Certainly not the best rom-com, but you have to appreciate the diverse cast, soundtrack, and story line - a story that hasn't been represented on screen much, if at all. This movie is essentially the Asian-American and/or West Coast version of Brown Sugar (2002), albeit lower budget and production, but still an enjoyable movie that will leave you laughing, reminiscing, and relating to the characters' stories regardless of your background. A solid addition to Netflix's catalog of original content. Absolutely hilarious! The chemistry between Ali and Randall is amazing. And it's great to see Asian American leads dominate the screen. I highly recommend this film. Read a few of the reviews on here. I can see where the negative ones are coming from,- they can't relate. That's fine. I wasn't expecting much. Just put it on as it was the first thing that popped up on the main screen. Maybe some of the jokes are too Asian? One review said the storyline needed lots of work- but again I think that's a cultural thing. I was seeing so much reflected back from beginning to end being born in a country where my parents weren't from. It genuinely had me laughing and crying more than anything in a long while. Thank you so much for making this film and showing how Asians are regular folk in an old fashioned rom com. Also get where women were complying they didn't need dope smoking losers from their past. I didn't see than in the film. What I saw was that men didn't have to be afraid to earn less or be less successful than women. What I saw was that you didn't have to be afraid to go back to your roots or even shout about it but just create something beautiful from it. I loved the ending and I want to get out there and open that old school noodle shop! I have no idea how this movies rated so high. Terrible acting and not funny at all. There really is no need to compare it to Crazy Rich Asians but if anyone needed to, this movie is way better.<br/><br/>The comedic timing, chemistry, and overall rhythm of the movie is absolutely perfect. Randall Park is such a great performer and pairs so well with Ali Wong who was so hilarious.<br/><br/>I have a headache right now for laughing so much.<br/><br/>Finally, the song during the credits is the friggen best. I'm going to go download it right now. The best pay about this movie is the Keanu Reaves song as the credits roll...oh, and Keanu Reaves Although there is nothing original or new about it , whether the story or the message it holds, it kinda offers some original laughs and an emotional connection between the main characters Perfect movie for if you just want something simple and light to watch. It makes you feel good afterwards. Though some parts are a little bit too comic but hey, it's better than the typical rom-com.<br/><br/>As an asian myself, i love the little details (what i like to call "subtle asian traits") portrayed in the movie so naturally; such as removing shoes before entering a house, eating spam with rice, or proving love by not using the "family discount" card even though it's ingrained in our souls to do whatever we can to save money hahaha. I also love the display of interesting juxtaposition between the asian all our parents want (rich, classy like Sasha) and hippie, go-with-the-flow asian like Marcus and Jenny (i'm also surprised at how chill Marcus' dad is)<br/><br/>I could write about some questionable parts about why i can't give this movie a 10 out of 10--i dont want to say it's problematic, but it's just something that bugs me. But then, don't think too much like me and just watch it for what it is; a fun, light hearted rom-com movie with asian-american rep It was great seeing Jim Halpert in something other than the office. He brings the same comedy and acting from the office. It is a nice family movie without any "trying so much" scenes You will get that love-does-exist-and-I'm-so-happy feeling. It is the perfect combination of modern, fun and cute. How beautiful the friendship of the main characters and how sad was the funeral scene.
It's a very fun movie and enjoyable to watch.
I loved the participation of Keanu Reeves A decent romantic comedy. They make romantic comedy movies very cringe these days...but this one is not at all like like them. The start of the movie is promising. With a good and funny lead up as to how two kids can be best friends for years "do it" and never speak to each other again. But then the adult versions came along and I didn't really get anything from them. After the break up Marcus goes on to live in his fathers basement (figuratively) and Sasha goes on to be a world famous chef. When they run into each other again they start hanging out and, you know where this is going. But it didn't work for me. I never felt the love or romance between them. When will Hollywood learn that sex is not a replacement for that. They also set up a situation where both of the characters have diametrically opposed lives and like them that way. So I guess I am supposed to root for one of them to change their entire life at mid age? That is never going to work. Also wasn't a fan of Keanu's cameo. It is extended the movie needlessly and I thought it was weird. It is a good way to kill two hours but don't get Netflix for it. But the humor is pretty great, if only the character "marcus" wasn't in a band cause it's a tad cringy You know how Crazy Rich Asian was the first Hollywood who featured an all Asian cast? Turned out I wouldn't recommend that movie to anyone.<br/><br/>But this one, this one has heart. Some moments are disconnected and the characters aren't all that likable, if one thinks a little about there are little brilliant moments scattered throughout this movie that makes everything feel genuine.<br/><br/>Plus Keanu Reeves playing a parody of himself, what's not to love here? I have to say that I enjoyed this movie, more so than Crazy Rich Asians; I felt the characters were more expressive and had more weight in terms of their back stories, it certainly gave the story and Sasha Tran (Ali Wong) and Marcus Kim (Randall Park) a more substantial relationship.
As its own effort, it really works out well; although there are some flaws, there are unexpected elements, such as the appearance of Keanu Reeves as himself, which during his entire screen time, the movie goes to a higher level of fun.<br/><br/>Overall it was a nice rom-com, nothing spectacular but surely fun entertainment. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>Two childhood friends, boy and girl, lives split after high school. The boy ends up a regular Joe while the girl becomes a hard working celebrity chef. 18 years later their paths cross and their childhood awkward romantic feelings reemerge. Will they be able to mesh with their established adult lives together? This is simply an entertaining RomCom movie. Good acting with a hilarious cameo by Keano Reeves....he actually wasn't monotone and appeared to actually be acting much to my surprise! No prize for guessing where the story ends up but the ride was amusing. ALWAYS BE MY MAYBE (2019): A REVIEW<br/><br/>DIRECTOR: Nahnatchka Khan
SCREENPLAY:Michael Golamco, Ali Wong, Randall Park,
STARRING: Ali Wong, Randall Park<br/><br/>Always Be My Maybe is the latest rom-com from the Netflix stable, which seeks to sate our thirst for such stories without sacrificing on political correctness or honesty in relationships. The movie is a breezy, flee-flowing watch.<br/><br/>We know how this goes. Childhood friends, separated by time and harbouring resentment from that last argument, meet again at differing stages of their career and life, rediscovers their spark and goes on to face trials and tribulations before they get together for good in the final act.<br/><br/>What is different, in degrees, is the warmth and spark of humour and honest sentimentality, which treats both the characters as equal partners in their relationship. I'm rather sick of the mainstream movie final act in which the guy has to do a grand gesture to convince the girl to stay (usually an airport run), or a big sacrifice, mostly related to their career, that one or both of them has to do ( Sweet Home Alabama). Hence, I was refreshed to see that each of them has to mature and move halfway to meet the other. Ultimately, it's not a compromise that does it, but a decision to move forward together.<br/><br/>That said, there are plenty of character beats, plot contrivances and segues that we've seen, and will continue to see on screen, a thousand times. Not enough time is spent on their childhood friendship other than the oft-repeated montage of moments. Marcus Kim (Park) still has a lot of growing up to do in his life, and by the end of the movie has only started his journey. He mostly remains a sharp-witted, talented but scared man-child throughout the movie. Sasha Tran (Wong) has to still learn to make proper human connections and not try to solve problems by throwing money at them. I know people like these, and having seen some of them grown and succeed, and some of them try to and fail, is the one of the many positives I took from the movie.<br/><br/>VERDICT: Great one-time or two-time watch. Definitely better than most rom-coms, which unfortunately isn't high praise.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves is awesome.<br/><br/>Cribbing aside, this is a success for Asian Hollywood and general casting diversity in movies.<br/><br/>I mean, they are great as friends. But I didn't feel the spark. Then again, the spark is a creation of Hollywood itself, to sell unnecessarily highly priced diamonds. "Always Be My Maybe" directed by Nahnatchka Khan starting Ali Wong and Randall Park is a standard Romantic Comedy but starting Asian actors. I saw on Rotten Tomatoes that it was rated 93 fresh and a lot of the reviews stated that it really brought to life the Asian American story. I enjoyed it; it's a nice casual watch and it's not too long nor does it require much thinking or active engagement. I loved the cast; strong performances from most of the cast. Standout for me were Marcus's Father played by James Saito. Many people raved about Keanu Reeves' exaggerated caricature; personally, while I thought it was entertaining at first, his character got a bit too aggressive near the end of his time. One criticism I had was that the music was all over the place, especially during transition scenes. I think they could've toned some of the songs choices down so they weren't so upfront and in your face. My final thoughts are that I wish the Burger King scene came back later in the movie as a reference to tie it full circle. Also Marcus never actually apologized for saying "But she was my mom not yours". A romantic comedy with decent enough acting (Michelle Buteau, in a supporting role, nearly runs away with the movie), a decent enough script, and no surprises whatsoever. There's a bit of pretty good food porn in the manner of "Babette's Feast" or "The Big Night," and about the same amount of fun-poking at modern over-the-top culinary excesses -- which, it must be said, is a pretty easy target for that sort of thing, but they do a nice job. The plot is about as credible as rom-com plots ever are; as with most of them, it frequently reminded me of the Onion article "Romantic-Comedy Behavior Gets Real-Life Man Arrested." But that's ok; that's what we expect. Real people don't fake orgasms in crowded Manhattan delis, either, but we suspend our disbelief. Nature of the genre.<br/><br/>I should add that this movie could have been called "Crossing Park Presidio," that being the major San Francisco street separating the neighborhood where Sasha and Marcus grew up from downtown. This is approximately a remake of, and very likely a homage to, "Crossing Delancey," with Asians standing in for Jews and the high-end restaurant scene standing in for the high-end literary scene. That's not necessarily a bad thing; "Crossing Delancey" is one of my favorite rom-coms ever. But I was really struck by a lot of the parallels. Took me a while to watch cause I thought it was going to be just...meh. I was wrong. Good jokes and good chemistry between Ali Wong and Randall Park. They both have some good comedic timing. I have to say the the scenes with Keanu Reeves were the best! He totally stole the scenes. I love that he is able to poke fun at himself and his career.<br/><br/>I would watch it again It's not much different from other movies of the same genre, with that old broken-loving relationship formula that returns in the future. Nonetheless, some movies have some kind of sympathy from the audience, and this is one of them. I enjoyed the movie and would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of comedy. I think it was a fun movie generally netflix film like laughing, entertaining.
In this film, it was a classic subject, taking a little change and created a different scenario.Recently already korean actors think the popular CRAZY RICH ASIANS movie pioneers also in the filmI think there were successful jokes from the movies.
Keanu reeves had excellent access to the film, but I think it was too long in the film I think he didn't need the hotel scene.
I would definitely like to mention Randall Park.
i liked this movie thanks to her i think i just laughed at his jokes very good actor i liked it very much. It's a fun romantic comedy with both leads having great chemistry together. Yes it's predictable but it's enjoyable nonetheless. Keanu Reeves was also a wonderful highlight to it too. Laughed really hard, cried a little even and enjoyed it all the way through! I really liked this movie and I thought it was really funny! However, just kind of any basic rom com after that. Didn't make me feel anything. So can't fault it for being what it is, but was hoping for a better plot. Disappointment lies in expectation.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend it though! I love Ali Wong and she does a great job with it. Okay, when I say this I mean it. This movie is too cute to handle, it's funny and it's somewhere on realistic grounds. Netflix has really upped their game, first Set it up and now this. Love it love it, and also it has Keanu I mean what could possibly go wrong? 😍 When in a rom-com you wish the main chatacters won't end up together, there is something deeply wrong with the plot. Ali Wong and Randall Park are hilarious together. As a couple they are totally believable and just quirky enough to make you laugh at their antics and then laugh at your own ridiculous relationships. I found the movie to be predictable yet spontaneous. It's fun, it's sad, it's relatable. All in, I loved it! This film tells the story of two childhood friends who diverged after adulthood, but a chance encounter rekindles their friendship.<br/><br/>It is a romantic comedy so you just know the ending right from the start. The journey getting to the ending is sweet and funny, but the dialog is a little too mean at times. Visually the film is great, the sets are beautiful. It is a joy to watch. I had never heard of Ali Wong until this rom com. She totally stole the show. This is a refreshing comedy/romantic film that touches the heartstrings.
Great acting and production.
Killer soundtrack. Rom-Coms have become a little too predictable. Not the fact they get together - you know that's coming - but the steps from opening scene to closing credits. I especially hate when Rom-Coms feel the lead have to go through an unrealistic 'all is lost' moment. This one wasn't unrealistic, and the pair actually got to explain a little bit of what they were feeling, which is far more realistic than something stupid happening and one of the pair giving up. It reminded me, although not in the same league (sorry Randall) of When Harry Met Sally's 'all is lost moment'. You understood the reasons and it wasn't a misheard comment or contrived rumour which made it happen. I enjoyed this so much. This might annoy Randall Park, so I'm going to apologise right up front despite not meaning it as anything but a good thing, but he reminds me of Ryan Reynolds: both his voice and jokes and delivery. So by both I clearly meant three things. Great film and a perfect fit in the genre. I'd have given it 10 but...you now....When Harry Met Sally. Absolutly lovely. Its nice to laugh and watch something so charming. Immense thumbs up . If you want to know more, watch it. Highly recommended. No matter what, life goes on.
Never give up on your dreams!<br/><br/>Maybe exaggerating a bit but a nice movie with no nonsense. This was pretty lame. Not nearly as funny as I had hoped. Like TV movie. Very predictable. The friends that became more story which has already been told 100+ times. Only laughed a few times. Netflix has been on a streak of releasing very solid romantic comedies over the last couple of years. From Set It Up being one of their absolute best, to even enjoyable films like Someone Great or When We First Met, it almost feels like the home for the best romantic comedies is on Netflix these days. That's not a bad thing, because I just don't see many audience members flocking out to movies like this in the theatre anymore. I definitely see a change coming in the next five to ten years in terms of where certain genres will end up. With that said, Always Be My Maybe is Netflix's latest release in this genre and if this one doesn't make you smile, you're probably just not in the right mood to watch.<br/><br/>Sasha and Marcus have been friends since childhood but eventually had a falling out in their teenage years. Slowly falling for each other once they land on their feet in their adult days, hilarity and drama ensue. While the premise itself isn't exactly something that people will be writing home about by the time 2019 comes to a close, this really is a film that puts its characters in the forefront, which made for a highly enjoyable little comedy. I was actually very happy I watched this film because it shed new light on Randall Park.<br/><br/>Personally, I've always seen him popping up as the butt end of a joke in comedies and I never found him all that funny. Surprisingly, give him his own film and suddenly he shines brightly. I thought he did a fantastic job here as Marcus and having written the screenplay with his co-star Ali Wong probably added to the chemistry that leaps off the screen between the two of them. Wong is fantastic here as well, but my biggest complaint with this film is that there are times when I found myself disliking the actions of both characters, which did slightly hurt my enjoyment of the movie as a whole.<br/><br/>Yes, by the time the film ends, everything falls into place nicely, but certain things didn't feel quite earned. From being rude to feeling slightly out of character at times, there are lines of dialogue that felt very off-putting. There were certain scenes that felt like a different film to me. Yes, most movies need low points and yes, arguments between characters are inevitable in a film like this, but some harsh things are said sometimes and are just brushed off later on. For that, I didn't quite love this movie as a whole, but don't let that make it seem like I didn't think it was a great movie nevertheless.<br/><br/>In the end, Always Be My Maybe is a very sweet story that does play with a few cliches along the way and is very predictable by the third act, but with some solid characters, a scene-stealing cameo that is easily the highlight of the movie, and a feel-good premise, held together by a solid score and soundtrack, there were times when I just couldn't stop smiling. If you're looking for an easy feel-good movie to watch, I think this one is worth your time. It's a pretty good movie and it was actually funny compared to CRA. 90s nostalgia and Keanu Reeves was great for the added comedy. Takes a bit to get going, but it's worth the watch! Once it hits its stride it really delivers comedy and sweet romcom vibes. Recommend! Enjoyed this movie so much! It's probably the best movie from Netflix in terms of entertainment and fun. A sweet love story with laugh out loud moments. The cast is funny and talented. It's a must watch. Wow! What an excellent movie. I wish more movies were like this . Literally laughed my self silly through most of the movie. Totally worth watching Highlh recommended Unless it goes on to do something wonderful (doubtful), it was trite, predictable, poorly acted. If it was trying to poke fun at romcoms, it failed. It was merely boring and followed the romcom formula.<br/><br/>Too bad, because I like both of the stars a lot, but this was torture. Despite its self-referential wink-wink script, I ended up liking this movie. Not a bad way to spend 90 minutes if you're in the mood for a rom-com. Not usually a fan of the rom/com genre but this one is a best of. Randall Park and Ali Wong are honest, believable and spot on in their roles. Keanu Reeves adds a self-deprecating cameo that pokes fun at his notoriously nice guy persona. Not even a hint of the gender politics that is usually the foundation of rom/coms and it even manages to stick a finger in the eye of celebrity culture.<br/><br/>If you've been starving for decent comedy like us, worth the time to check it out. Charismatic actresses and actors, but an uninspired story with too little laughs. As a black woman, I love seeing cultural diversity in films. With this being said, the film is entertaining because of its cultural aspect. However, the story isn't new or refreshing. If we switched the genders, you would get a Cinderella story. Frankly, the film could have been 30 minutes shorter. The easy chemistry between Randall Park and Ali Wong is the standout in this rom com. Both have their subtle humor down pat and play off of each other well. I enjoyed the skewering of San Fran hipster culture and most of the comedy throughout. The biggest negative is that the resolution doesn't feel entirely earned and seems a little too Hollywood/unrealistic for real people. However, it is still full of genuine feel good moments and laughs. Also, the Keanussaince is raging on this summer. His cameo in which he plays himself is the highlight of the film and even funnier because he's the complete opposite in real life. Some funny gags, some warmth, well-acted, lovely film.
Not sure about the compatibility of the leads; they start more 'friend zone' but that's the only weakness.
Well worth watching. Watchd movie on netflix, it was pretty decent. cringy at some parts snd funny at others, but pretty good ending. overall would watch again A get-together, break-up, and get-back-together type romcom film.<br/><br/>Always Be My Maybe is lighthearted, funny, and genuine. Everyone has genuine chemistry that is noticeable beyond the film.<br/><br/>The only thing that broke my suspension of belief is the fact that Marcus is still able to somehow survive San Francisco living costs with only a HS diploma. Like...how?<br/><br/>Did love that extra Asian-American representation though. And that ending is 10/10 beautiful.<br/><br/>(And if y'all haven't noticed from everyone else's reviews, there is a surprise cameo that basically steals the show.)<br/><br/>3/5. Fun, lighthearted romcom to watch during a rainy Friday night. Don't expect a deep script or too many underlying symbolism. Turn your brain off and enjoy the show. What can I say, I'm a sucker for these types of movies, especially when they don't involve 20-somethings.
Of course, it helps that I was already a fan of Ali Wong's stand-up, I just had no idea she could ace the acting thing too.
And I was already an even bigger fan of Randall Park, so there you go. Prepare me a dish with ingredients I like and we're halfway onto a winner.<br/><br/>It should also be noted that one of the highlights was a cameo from Keanu Reeves playing a version of himself (and referencing John Wick of all things), who managed to be funny here and more in an 'acting' mode in his 20mins of screen-time than any of his movies from the past decade. (To be fair, I haven't seen them all, but you can just tell from his expression on the posters. Let it also be noted that I still love the guy in whatever he plays, regardless).<br/><br/>Also, I must be emotionally sensitive beyond my years, because I teared up when we find out that the kid's mom dies within the first 5mins of the movie, and I teared up again at the end when *spoiler* Sasha shows Marcus the menu of her new restaurant, which she named after his mother. I was touched, man.<br/><br/>*This movie's poster is terrible. Just sayin'. The cast crew was awesome.The storyline was just so good as they showed us at the right time what was missing and what the characters were lacking.Keane Reeves just stole the spotlight and especially for this character the movie would get a boost in ratings.
I would give it a 8/10.A really good romantic film only the comedy was lacking in some parts. Always Be My Maybe is about a girl and a boy who knew each other since they were kids and they both like each other, but they don't know how to tell the other person.<br/><br/>Always Be My Maybe was a fun movie that puts you in a good mood. The acting was good. The boys lines felt forced and made scenes that were supposed to be sad all cheesy and stuff. The background of these characters were set up really well and didn't really have any plot holes. There was also a great cameo that I got so excited when it happened. Also the story was around the same as must rom coms but they changed it up a little bit. The song choice I thought was pretty bad. It just didn't seem like the people in this movie.<br/><br/>Overall, Always Be My Maybe was a good movie to set you in a good mood. Finally, a modern day Rom Com that is actually a solid overall movie. Would definitely recommend for a date night movie. I loved this movie.. I've watched it twice already as I thought it was really sweet and funny. It's a great lighthearted film that you can just enjoy without thinking. Well I myself have been going through a rough month, I decided to relax on the couch and look through Netflix and decided to watch this movie. It was very refreshing and myself being a white woman who has never watched an Asian romantic comedy it was terrific. I recommend when you're definitely going through a hard time to have a good laugh. I really liked this movie. It was a great escape from today's current events. The actors are great and I laughed so hard I cried in some scenes. Seeing them grow up together and meet again was relatable. They had great chemistry and I loved how they tied it altogether. A solid take on the genre with two knock out leads who carry the film with their charm. It certainly hits all the classic good feelings of a rom com, but defines itself by giving Equal footing to the two characters making it really a story about both their journeys. Also brings out some of the unique and true qualities of being Asian-American putting it front and center without too many stereotypes or tropes. Also an interesting dive on celebrity and restaurant life. Plus Keanu. Yesssss Me and My girl watched the movie for one reason :It is produced by Netflix, it cannot be bad. We loved it!<br/><br/>It kept my attention the entire time, it was fun, pleasant and entertaining.<br/><br/>Creme de la creme is the song at the credits. So catchy, legit and hardcore! Loved every second of it.<br/><br/>
Strongly recommended for all (couples). Let me start by saying Keanu as Keanu will make your side hurt. instant classic for me. im not a huge Rom Com fan but this made me rethink my life choices. Randall Park needs more roles and more writing gigs. yes its a predictable movie but the jokes will keep you interested. If you enjoyed his raps in the movie make sure you watch all the credits I was really rooting for this pic, which featured two Asian Americans in the lead roles. It pretty much disappointed on many fronts.<br/><br/>1) The settings are SF, LA and NY, cities with high Asian populations. Many Asians tend not to hang out with each other in the lesser cities unless through school or church.<br/><br/>2) The movie just assumes the female lead dates Asian men, when this is far from the case that I've seen. Discrimination against Asian men by Asian women in the U.S. (unless the Asian man is loaded) is a real problem.<br/><br/>3) We don't really get to know the characters all that much. I would've liked to see a bit more about how Marcus took his mother's untimely death and how Sasha dealt with being a latch-key kid (I was one, too).<br/><br/>4) I also have an issue with how these characters were just Asian versions of white characters in rom-coms.<br/><br/>5) I hardly think Keanu Reeves was needed in this film, esp. as himself (though I know his father was an ethnic Chinese from Hawaii).<br/><br/>6) The movie seems to ignore a lot of issues Asian Americans go through in the U.S. like racism, even when you've "made" it like Sasha, pressure to do well in school and life and clashes between Asian parents and their children in U.S. society.<br/><br/>I did enjoy parts of the film (except Park's rapping, UGH) but I hope they make better ones from now on. Really good movie. Light hearted and not stereotypical either. Great casting I was shocked to see Keanu in it, but can see why he wanted to play it. It was so out of character for him and I bet he had fun playing it - I certainly had a lot of fun watching him. Really well scripted. I would watch more from these writers and actors. Loved this movie from start to finish! Keanu's role was amazing. Does the soundtrack include Hello Peril songs too? I laughed. I cried. Really well done. These two were so cute. Soundtrack: Yes WTF Moments: Yes Asian Jokes: Yes. From the beginning when it plays '93, to the ending where Hello Peril sings about punching Keanu Reeves, it doesn't disappoint. Sorry. This was a 50/50 for me. Keanu was funny, but his last couple of movies were just not up to his higher standards. Starting to be embarrassing. The characters were not believable, the swearing, the sex talk. Nah, I think it's time to quit netflix. They can't seem to do anything with being trashy. I gotta say this movie was way better than I expected. Comedy was the only expectation I had and by the end I must have gotten something in my eyes because they both teared up. The comedic scenes were great, acting was really good and each character was brought to life. The story, yet simple to follow, was delivered on screen through great acting and the scenes that needed the correct dialogue thankfully had the correct dialogue which made all the difference in keeping the weight of the scene. The fact that it's on Netflix makes it an easy recommendation to watch. Loved it. One of the best from netflix original... I wanted to watch this movie after seeing the trailer on Youtube. I finally opened my own Netflix account specially to see this film (after using friends and family's accounts for years. :-D).<br/><br/>I enjoy romcoms and this one is your typical piece! But it is still fresh! I guess I can sum this movie up to this analogy:<br/><br/>It's like ordering your favorite dish at a restaurant. You know what to expect, but it still doesn't make it any less good or enjoyable.<br/><br/>(SPOILERS*****)...<br/><br/>First, let me get the negatives out of the way in a quick list:<br/><br/>-Not enough Daniel Kim. Seriously, they wasted so much handsomeness. But he did a good job playing the jerk boyfriend. Not going to lie :-D.<br/><br/>-A little rushed. I wish they would have spent more time in the beginning with more scenes that showed how these two were childhood and teenage friends. However, the scene which makes them become distant from one another was carried out very well!<br/><br/>Ok, end of negatives. Now onto the positives!<br/><br/>My favorite moments were definitely the scenes with Keanu. It was hilarious to watch Randall and him fight. My favorite character was Vivian Bang as Jen. Her and Keanu Reeves' characters "vibes" and "wave lengths" were on 100. (In the best possible way :-D).<br/><br/>(CAUTION NSFW****)<br/><br/>The sexy/romantic moments were also surprisingly HOT!! From when Ali and Randall had that awkward moment in the back of the car, to their kiss in the Uber rideshare (which had me WEAK with laughter), to the steamy scene at Ali's house when freaking Randall LIFTED HER UP AND CARRIED HER TO THE BED (my jaw dropped when he took off his shirt hehe :-D). Also, ALI WONG in a freaking bed scene was so beautiful and HOT. I felt like I was there next to her, falling in love with her, too as she and Randall had the "after glow" moment hehe.<br/><br/>(END NSFW****)<br/><br/>
Of course the absolute BEST part of this movie was Ali and Randall's charisma. Especially together. I believed in their story and characters. I really just enjoyed watching them. I hope they continue to work on more starring role projects and together as well.<br/><br/>Overall this was a fun romantic comedy! 7/10! And Always Be My Maybe filled the bill. Terrific cast. Whatever planets aligned to get Keanu Reeves was perfect. Love Ali Wong and Vivian Bangs. I predict this will be an evergreen for the genre. Avoid at all costs.
Writing amateurish at best. Characters are flat and in no way engaging. Storyline dull. As for Keanu Reeves..... WTAF. He must be seriously short of cash. First Siberia then this drivel. Shame on you. "Always Be My Maybe" is such an enjoyable romantic comedy. Randall Park is hilarious with his one-liners and wit, and Ali Wong is a strong female lead with great comedic timing. Solid chemistry between the two leads, cute story, and incredible supporting cast. (P. S. The scene with Keanu Reeves getting punched in the face is equivalent to Bill Murray getting killed in "Zombieland" as amazing celebrity cameos!) What an excellent feel good move!
If you looking for something to watch without giving much thought to it , then this is the movie for you.
The acting is excellent , the soundtrack even better.
oh yes and it has Keanu Reeves, man did i crack up when he came along!
A must watch!! A must see movie!! Obnoxious left-wing politics never cease to lessen the enjoyability of Netflix's original content, but it was still somewhat enjoyable besides this. Park and Wong had great chemistry .. and the scenes with Keanu Reeves were hilarious. Love the story, and the dialogue. A gem of a movie indeed, to the direction, the music, and the fantastic dialogue and acting! Keanu Reeves is the best! Absolutely loved the lyrics if the rap at the end. So we thought we couldn't do two Rom Coms in a week...until we saw this one on Netflix.<br/><br/>Come on people, it's good for a Rom Com. Keanu Reeves added a hilarious twist.<br/><br/>I can only speak for myself that I've been laughing non-stop and tearing up from here to there. That's Rom Com success by me. Smart, funny, loving to all! Loved all the actors, funny, funny! I tried to like this but it was impossible to like. Keanu Reeves shouldn't even be there... it was like forcing a hero character like Ironman into a Disney movie like Pocahontas .. it didn't fit.
We are in quarantine around the world because of corona and even out of boredom I could not finish that movie .. meh I like Randall Park and Ali Wong, but the movie was too predictable.<br/><br/>I don't understand how that movie was rated PG-13. Seemed more like an R to us. I'd advise not watching it with kids or your parents. Ok entertaining rom-com but you have to search a long time for the jokes and funny stuff in this movie. Keanu brings it though. Unfortunately the only good thing about this movie is the Keanu part. And I don't even like Keanu in anything but Speed Especially in a film that's been done over a thousand times before. And every version, funnier and more entertaining than this one. Why is this film so slow? Why is this film so charmless? Why is this film so awful?<br/><br/>The chemistry between the two leads is non-existent throughout the film and they're more or less awkward around each other making the film difficult to watch. There isn't anything original here in terms of the plot, it's your stereotypical girl grows up with boy, life gets in the way and they lose touch only to meet sixteen years later and have their flame reignite.<br/><br/>But like honestly, we can sweep all this to one side - Marcus is the definition of toxic masculinity and a man who thinks the world and its women owe him. Why then do the filmmakers feel Sasha should give him a second chance and build her life with him? Marcus is the kind of guy who will drag anyone down with him. He's that kind of loser. It had a cute story line but in my opinion had far too much swearing, drug use, sex scenes and crude topics discussed during characters conversations, like public hair appearance and past sexual encounters. I won't watch it ever again and ended up fast forwarding a few scenes. Won't be recommending it to anyone. Would have not taken anything away from the story line to leave out all the crude parts. There were some positive messages throughout like the power of admitting you are wrong and apologizing, forgiveness, chasing after dreams and making sacrifices for loved ones. Actually a fairly good RomCom. The actors were very good and more important funny. It wasn't anything super original as most of these RomComs follow the same formula, but it wasn't forced or overly cheesy. The cameo by Keanu Reeves was very funny as well. I guess after the success of Crazy Rich Asians there is a little corner in Hollywood for Asian starring cast films. Not bad at all.! This was your average rom com so if you're looking for something that's easy to watch then this may be it. The script was a bit weak but okay and so were production values. I will say that the one scene that was in the trailer was changed in the movie and I thought, wow how lame. If you've seen the trailer, you know what I am talking about. I liked the chemistry between the actors and the friendship that was displayed seemed sincere. This is a solid 5 out of 10. A cute funny romantic comedy that will make you smile at the very least. Ali Wong is awesome! I'd only seen her hilarious standup and it was great to see her depth in this role. Randal Park was a welcome surprise too. They are both beautifully flawed and real characters you can't help but relate to in some way. So raw, hilariously awkward at times and yet so tender.<br/><br/>Love this film! I cannot, for the life of me, understand why Sasha would the fall for Marcus.
He is very rude, selfish, hurts Sasha's feeling over and over again for no reason, and he can't even get his own life together without Sasha's help.
Compared to that Sasha is successful, hard-working, famous, celebrity chef. She deserves someone so much better than Marcus.
I could not follow why Sasha could not get over loving Marcus that in the end I basically skipped the parts where they kissed or slept together.
I think I know what kind of movie they wanted to make. They wanted a movie that is filled with Korean food, warm, family and childhood friends getting married like in fairytales. But fairytale princess are not that poor or so rude.
Marcus being rude was not funny it just made me cringe and say what is wrong with him. Worst male character ever for romantic comedy. I haven't seen a rom-com that I went back to watch specific scenes multiple times in a while. The soundtrack was amazing, and the interactions between all of the characters were great. Randall Park and Ali Wong were fantastic!! Generic rom-com with good acting and surprisingly funny moments A great rom-com plus a bit emotional, the thing i liked the most was how the movie was to the point and no wasting and unwanted stuff, just absolutely great job Netflix, please do watch the movie. This movie warmed my heart. It all came full circle in a non-cheesy way. Inspirational towards the end! Great casting and a fun story.<br/><br/>Often hilarious without being silly.<br/><br/>I hope we see more Wong/Park collabs.<br/><br/>You may watch it just for Keanu (and he will make it well worth your while), but you will be charmed by how the story unfolds and by how each character adds to the joy of this movie.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that this movie is not on the big screen. Some big studio heads really dropped the ball here.<br/><br/>Good for Netflix. Finally, a romantic comedy that isn't unwatchable (sorry), because it's genuinely funny and believable. The actors have great chemistry, there's a warm sense of being with old friends, the jokes are never forced and it's just a fun, relatable, cute movie. I recommend it for everyone who likes the idea of rom-coms, but struggles to find one that isn't sappy and materialistic. This one's a gem. I watched this for the first time tonight. I say first because I know I'll watch it again. The only part I could have done without was the Keanu Reeves scenes. The subplot was weak. Randall and Ali had great chemistry. The story dragged at times but overall it was a fantastic romantic comedy. Really funny! Very well-executed. Keanu's part was an added hilarious bonus. Also, great music! Very well done...love it! This movie lived up to the hype. It was so funny & tender. It's now one of my go-to/comfort movies. I love it!!! Need a sequel or another project with this crew. ðŸ’• I loved this movie!! Fun & lighthearted, this is confectioners sugar laced with a spicy script! It's a way wittier version of "13 Going on 30" - The psuedo Michelin-rated hipster restaurant scene made me literally laugh out loud so much! Even my Mom cracked up which shocked me! Keanu Reeves - let's just say he's the cherry on top!
Awesome film with a walk down memory lane in the 90s :) I just love Ali Wong's writing -- super sarcastic yet sweet! It feels like an 80s movie with heart (my highest compliment :) ! I laughed so much and cried so much. Seriously super good! I laughed and then I cried, I loved loved this movie. I didn't think I would but it's a perfect romcom i'm gonna watch it again and again. In fact i'm gonna go watch it again now "Always be my maybe" brings to mind (and indeed what many critics refer to) quite a few other rom-coms from as recent as "Long Shot" to as far back as "When Harry met Sally". There are, as most such comparisons, more dissimilarities than similarities. I won't elaborate. You'll undoubtedly notice them as I briefly describe the plot.<br/><br/>Two next-door neighbours in San Francisco, one Vietnamese and one Korean, each has a single child who grew up as best friends. We see them first in their preteen days. Sasha Tran's parents grossly neglect her, not so much because they are really bad parents but because they are workaholics in their family business. The defining opening scene pre-teen Sasha preparing her own lunch, turning a few slices of canned luncheon meat into something quite exquisite, even decorating them with a tiny parasol.<br/><br/>Marcus next doors is blessed with model parents, appreciative father Harry and near-angelic mother Judy, who takes Sasha under her wings. The two protagonists, from pre-teen through teenage, were like brother and sister, or best friends, with little, if any, puppy love context. Their middle-class life was blissful, if modest, until their universe was shattered by Judy's fatal traffic accident. This was obviously a devastating loss to both father and son. Sasha felt terrible and tried to comfort Marcus saying that Judy was like a mother to her too. This hit a raw nerve in Marcus who resented anybody claiming to understand how he felt about losing his mother. Snapping, he said something unkind which in return hurt Sasha. They did not see each other again in the next 15 years.<br/><br/>Sasha (minus the teeth braces) is now a celebrity chef with a classy restaurant in Los Angeles and two more to open soon, in San Francisco and New York, in that order. Her upcoming marriage with a successful restaurant entrepreneur Brandon is delayed at his request, as he cannot pass up investigating a promising business opportunity in India. Sasha goes back to her hometown and rents a house for two months to focus on the grand opening of the new restaurant. That brings her back face to face with Marcus and his father who operate a modest air-conditioning business. While Harry is still hoping to see the pair restore close relationship, Sasha and Marcus feel somewhat awkward with each other, not the least because they happened to have lost their virginity to each other as teenagers, in the backseat of Marcus car, one of those things. As well, Marcus is now "married spiritually and sexually, although not literally" to a flamboyant young woman Jenny (those are her words, in quote)
The rest of the script you can almost write yourself, remembering all these various rom-coms you have seen before. There are however a few things here that you might not have seen elsewhere.<br/><br/>One is the parental touch. In Marcus's case, the loss of his mother makes him feel responsible for his father who has some ailments that requires regular shots but is otherwise quite capable of looking after himself. Sasha has always tried to encourage Marcus, an underachiever, to fully explore his potentials. For example, he writes very good raps and has modest success with his modest band. But he is stubbornly reluctant to venture out of his comfort zone, the neighbourhood he grew up in. Harry, however, understands that he himself is Marcus's phycological chains and fetters but is at a loss how to help his son.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>"I never really have any parents", laments Sasha. In the end she is reconciled to them. After retirement, the couple finally realises how they have neglected their daughter. They seek her out, times and again, to make amends. In the movie, this pair is depicted as comical relief and there is nothing wrong with that. Sasha finally accepts them back into her life. But her real mother, emotionally speaking, is Judy. This could be the most touching thing in the movie. Her somewhat deprived childhood might have egged her on to high-class cuisine "that always leaves you hungry" (Marcus's words). At the end of the movie, we see her offering Marcus (and surprising him with) one-pot comfort food that Judy used to offer her every day.<br/><br/>Ali Wong and Randall Park have very good chemistry, but probably more as friends. Be that as it may, the movie has different degrees of success (depending on the audience) in testifying that they have had a crash for each other all these years. Like in any other similar movies, there is a critical turning point. That is what brings me the "jaw-dropping surprise" in my Headline: Keanu Reeves. It would be totally naÃ¯ve to assume that the audience does not know he is in the movie but I'll make that assumption anyway. As a result, to describe anything in detail would spoil the enjoyment, even for those who do expect to see him. I would, however, venture to say this: Reeves had so much fun in this movie that he would probably do it for free. Pretty good romcom. Classic story of guy and girl knowing each other for ever and never realizing that they are perfect for each other. Good story, cast meshed well together and great cameo. All in all good flic. This movie is meh. It is too predictable - two young lovebirds growing apart due to different careers and ambitions. The whole experience is a bit boring to me. Luckily Keanu Reeves appears and saved me from boredom. Oh and one more thing - why a gay best friend AGAIN!? This literally happens to EVERY NETFLIX FILM. All in all, Ali Wong and Randall Park are great. It's just the plot. Firstly i want to say that it's so amazing Netflix give chances to another cultures, which have great cast, performing a differential on the protagonists in this romantic movie, have comedy a little bit weird, but still works, and a story that maybe you identify yourself, I just think that the childhood could be more explored, was all too quickly, and some times on the middle have boring moments, but as a whole, it's pretty enjoyable.<br/><br/>P.S.: the apparition of Keanu Reeves is one of the best things here, he's crazy and very funny. This movie was funnier than I expected it to be. I enjoyed the plot, even though it's been done so many times before. I would've given this movie a 6/10, but I'm not a fan of the "white people" jokes. I should start by saying that I thought Crazy Rich Asians was much better (if we really need to compare "Asian" rom coms) and really deserved all they hype it got. This one, not so much.<br/><br/>Looking at this on its own though, I think the characters were likable enough, but the romance between the two wasn't really believable. I can understand the two had a history, but it seemed a lot more believable that they'd be good friends instead of lovers. I didn't really buy the chemistry between the two characters, and their relationship development seemed a bit rushed.<br/><br/>Ali Wong was great in this, and seemed to outshine Randall Park in most of their scenes together. The Keanu addition was also a nice touch and came out of nowhere but was a pleasant surprise.<br/><br/>All in all, even though this was pretty predicable and by the numbers, it didn't seem sincere and felt a bit forced towards the end just because they had to wrap things up. I know this is really subjective, but the comedy could have also been better. I laughed maybe a couple of times, but that's about it.<br/><br/>It wasn't a complete waste of time, but not one I'm going to go out and recommend to all my friends. I took a chance on this and glad I did. It was very funny, surprisingly so. The humour was a nice mix of self mockery and of taking the mickey out of the pretentiousness of the "it" foodie crowd. Yes, there were some problems, but what is perfect, cos overall I enjoyed it. I was going for a 7+ but the song in the end credits kicked it up to well over an eight for me -- not because of the "action" itself, but because of the awesome fun with the lyrics describing that action (is that descriptive yet vague enough, lol). I've not been been much of a fan of Keanu Reeves since his early work (and since hearing about him forgetting his line in a theatre production, then breaking character to make a joke about it -- that's an insult to all theatre, whether you're on the stage, behind it, or in front of it -- wouldn't have gotten away with it if he wasn't a "star"). That being said, he did add a nice jolt to this movie. The rest of the cast was a lovely solid surprise too. Little disappointed that Charlyne Yi wasn't given more to do. When it was mentioned that there was a female drummer, I half hoped/expected that it might be Lane Kim. Oh well. I had never heard of this movie before seeing it so was surprised to see the names and faces in it. What was even better was that it was unexpectedly funny. It was a nice lighthearted romcom that kept you laughing and smiling throughout. Keanu Reeves was epic and the restaurant scene with him in it cracked me up. I'm glad I watched this and would recommend it. Awesome romantic comedy that isn't overdone and has a ton of sweet. Loved it. The stars are hilarious. Netflix, please do more like this. It was a very pleasant movie. Would definitely recommend it. Came here just to write my review. Very realistic movie that treats a subject we're used to in a slightly different a nice way. Watch it :) Watch this movie, mainly because Keanu Reeves.
movie trailer show that keanu reeves appear as main actor's enemy in love affair, sound funny.<br/><br/>already know the movie is small budget film. don't have any expectation on it. finally find out, the movie, the script, the dialogue is quite good.
especially keanu reeves part is funny. keanu's appear, really bring up the whole movie class(immediately look like a big budget film and able to wide release) and his acting is good in this movie.<br/><br/>Ali Wong and Randall Park also act very good in this movie. their interaction is very natural, look very real.<br/><br/>the movie really a romance comedy. Cute, funny, and at times charming. Moments that will crack you up so bad that you fall out of your seat laughing. Don't miss it. I'm halfway through this movie, it's up there with 'All about Steve' and 'Watching the Detectives'. Keanu's always been one of those people who keeps a straight face so it's always hard to get a sense of his personality but his scenes in this really show his humour. The main characters have strong personalities but are very likeable, Ali Wong and Randal Park perform very well, and the supporting characters/actors are a great fit. This is worth watching. I don't even really like Rom Coms, but this one was such a fresh, modern take on one that I couldn't help but love it. The Keanu Reeves parts were hilarious. Loved. I needed a light hearted fun colorful film. The chemistry and writing were exceptional. Would love to see more of these two play side by side. Duo to keep watching... Other great characters too. Mr Reeves was hilarious. I absolutely adore movies like this. They just make you feel happy and all warm inside. Exactly what I needed for a lazy Sunday to boost my mood. Definitely recommend! I loved this movie! It was funny, charming, and very entertaining! I'm really loving Asian rom-coms!
This is going down on the list of favorites!
This was definitely enjoyable! You won't regret it! This is a rom com that delivers on genuine emotions. It really does have some very funny moments. Yes its sweet, but by no means sickly sweet. I personally have never seen Ali Wongs stand up, but after this i will be. Ali effortlessly is engaging as a high society chef who is trying to find her feet in love.<br/><br/>Where the laughs step up a gear is surprisingly Keanu Reeves. Playing himself he delivers plenty of very funny moments. The storyline is no more different to your run of the mill films of this genre, but it still gives you a more than decent night in. Haven't laughed so hard for a very long time !! what an amazing movie ! loved it love it love it ! ! Randall Park and Ali Wong fit their roles like a glove in this Netflix original Rom-Com. Always Be My Maybe follows the cookie cutter formula for the genre, but throws in the high-end lifestyle themes that we normal folk aren't typically exposed to, which keeps things interesting. Beyond this, it is not afraid to get weird...Keanu Reeves playing himself weird. Oh My God!!! Had high expectations for this movie
But after 20 min it goes from a good entertaining movie to a to a complete disaster.
Bad actors, bad script , there is not a connection between the scenes neither quemestry among characters, not even Keanu Reeves can save this movie
Sad
Do not waist your time Keanu Reeves really elevated this film. His theatrics were on point. But, in all seriousness, I personally do not like the very, very, very overdone Rom Com story arch that's been done so many times. There are some twists, but I hate endings where the main characters get absolutely everything that they've always wanted without any conflict. It's entertaining, but very difficult to connect with. I really wouldn't call this a film, it's more of a one episode television show because of the lack of any visual style and character. The entire film consists of jokes and characters which have been done before and often, even the most entertaining Keanu Reeves scenes, however those were simply executed excellently, so the lack of originality is perfectly acceptable. I look for originality and auteurship in movies, and this movie does not have this. That being said, Randall Park is a excellent actor and I am always impressed at his believability. I hope Ali Wong and Randall keep writing, because 10 to 15 years from now, I think they could find a new original visual style and storytelling ability within themselves. This movie seems to be geared towards women empowerment. The woman makes the dough, and she provides for the man and lifts him up, and he accepts that and he accepts being the support. I am okay with that.<br/><br/>But this film sends the wrong message. The man, in essence, is a loser. He was unsuccessful, frickle, undecisive, and insensitive. At the end of the film, none of this has really changed. All that happened was that he started actually trying to live life. I think that women can love someone like that, but it's not that common. Think about it; would you want a man like that? If successful women want a pet like that, let me know. I am sure I can comply. It's so bad that i fell a sleep in the beginning and when i woke up i still couldn't watch it! horrible acting, it's for teenagers I really liked this movie. The chemistry was great and believable. It didn't resort to many rom-com cliches. I also liked that it brought Asian representation to film which is definitely needed. Overall a fun watch I would recommend it. Don't be fooled. This is not the typical movie of two old friends falling in love.
It is so much more than this. First time in my life have I watched a movie that felt so real.
Dialogues were funny and natural. The cast was perfect. There were some funny bits here and some good acting but that was diluted by factory cheese and dumbed down with mass market filler material, bling, cliche material and scenes, and the characters and actors deserved better than that, which was weird cos the 2 of the three writers were the 2 main cast members.
should have been funnier, could have been funnier, the Keanu Reeves bit showed somebody knows funny, an ok watch with moments of warmth depth and cleverness. Loved everything about this movie. It does what a movie is supposed to do and that is to FEEL. I laughed, and I cried. And it has a strong message if you pay attention. I watched this movie after seeing the Keanu Reeves scene online. I loved it.<br/><br/>This movie has good writing, chemistry, touching moments, funny situations, mingled up with some Asian cultural stereotypes that make it hilarious. I love Ali Wong's standup and she doesn't disappoint here either. This movie was trash it was bad there was no chemistry between the love interest and the plot was vague. Cute Rom Com with lots of heart and chuckles. Something that caught me off guard right from the start was the happy Asian dad that was quick to laugh... I can't think of the last time an Asian patriarch wasn't portrayed as authoritarian and cranky. I think everyone can relate to having that friend from childhood that has a little piece of our heart wherever they go like these characters. It's also a movie that didn't take itself too seriously and even poked some fun at some PC topics. I'm not usually a big Ali Wong fan - she's a little mean for my taste - but she played a great vulnerable, empathetic character. I don't see a lot of rom coms so I had pretty low expectations, but this was really fun. One of the best rom-com movies I have ever seen, I didn't watch an amazing rom-com movie since long time, because most of them have the same cliche, but the comedy part is what makes the movie different from another.<br/><br/>''Always Be My Maybe'' has a nice comedian that makes you laugh a lot, performed by an amazing couple: Ali Wong & Randall Park, beside the star Keanu Reeves who participates in a few scenes, but it gave the movie more popularity.<br/><br/>If you like these types of movie, you must watch this one, don't listen to the negative reviews. I love this story... Ali is super in this, I was a bit wary of watching because I love her stand up so much. But she totally owned this.<br/><br/>Randall is hawt and a really good lead man for this...<br/><br/>The story is very rom com, but really enjoyable and funny, I especially like the end. Its worth a watch but not as good as i hoped, Reaves proves again he can't act. I enjoyed the movie. It was all what you expect in a rom-com and then something more. Story revolving around the fact that finding love is hard, but keeping it is harder. A nice, fun aspect of the movie was the raps in between, including a great one during the credits. Don't miss out on it! To be honest, the story formula isn't original. However, the cast chemistry, setting and style (think 90s hip hop in Cali), humor, and the abundance of Asian actors (including Keanu Reeves) makes for an enjoyable movie. Had me feeling nostalgic for that puppy love feeling in my teenage years. This is kind of irrelevant, but Mariah Carey's song perfectly fits the story as well. Overall, it's a very sweet movie and worth watching on a Sunday night.<br/><br/>Randall Park rapping is something I didn't know I needed. Sometimes you gotta appreciate movies who just own their cringe and not falter. This was cute! Soz but boring. It was lolz when Keanu showed up, but the acting isn't believable and the storyline isn't interesting. I loved it. I laughed the whole time and cried happy tears. I can watch this over and over. Loved it! This was a fun Nexflix movie to watch. Not one boring moment. Lots of humor and the supporting cast was excellent. Of course everybody can imagine the end, but this movie is something different and not trivial. Team Wong-Park amazing! Their carisma is excellent and I have enjoyed their funny faces all over the movie!<br/><br/>I loved how out of nowhere K. Reeves made his appearance! I enjoyed this movie. Wouldn't rave about it but pretty funny. Ali Wong is hilarious, as always, just like the rest of the cast. This is a wonderful, feel-good rom-com. Witty fast paced and fun - Ali Wong and Randall Park have great chemistry - and both are dead-pan funny! Its funny. I stopped watching romcoms because they rarely meet real life and are predictable. This one got all that break up, surprise encounter, patch up, break up again, proposal monologue and all that. But still stood out for me. I really wanted to like this film as a bunch of my friends and good marketing hyped it up so I sat on my couch and tuned into Netflix for a cozy feel good Saturday night hoping for something different...<br/><br/>I love romcoms and they aren't hard to make passable when you have heart, but this one was dry, I mean really, really dry. At the very least one should walk out of a rom com with some lingering feelings for the connection felt between the characters or some warm fuzzy endearing moments. This film was barren and souless. I was not invested in any of the characters.<br/><br/>They took a bunch of cliche recognizable plot devices and put them together with self centred underdeveloped characters, self indulgent actors, and terrible writing. Two people have sex in a car. They are awkward about it in a very forced way. They look at each other awkwardly. A bunch of cheesy (pun intended) pointless dialogue is delivered with an equally meaningless delivery from the actors. Why should I care? Why does this matter. The characters all lack chemistry and charisma and the acting is poor and narcissitic. If it were at least giving some heart or investment to the audience, I would have felt emotions, but no it was just - empty.<br/><br/>The writing was the second worst part to the acting. It's like the writers wrote in parentheses "insert funny dialogue here" and then thought of the least creative, underwhelming dialogue one could think of in order to make it to the next scene transition. The dialogue and acting didn't inform the characters and more importantly didn't inform the relationship and heart between the connection of other characters if one were to ever exist.<br/><br/>The music and scoring. The opening music conveys a different theme to the entire feature. Why is all the music black music and all the characters chinese? Jordan Peele had it right in "Get Out" when he talked about the complacency and racism of South East Asians/Azns appropriating and acting alongside the racism towards POCs. There are tons of black or appropriated black songs throughout, even an Asian girl butchering the lyrics in the car made me cringe (likely all added with intention to raise the energy and emotion lacking throughout the film). Black people? There are two light skinned black people in it (barely) in an otherwise entirely Asian cast. That's not diversity. "Kim's Convenience" has diversity, I'll even give it to a much better AZN film; "To All the Boys I've Loved Before" for the acting and at least having heart and more on screen diversity. This movie? No diversity, no heart, no soul. This was a well-written and heartwarming movie Netflix is Stepping their game up! There are points in the movie that drag a bit, but then there are moments that make up for the slow parts simply because they are hilarious, and make the movie fun. Loved the chemistry to the two leads and wish that there hadn't been so much of the movie dedicated to their adulthood feud. When they were together, the movie was great. If you are looking for an overly romantic movie then stop and dont watch it. This is not "The Notebook" type of movie with big displays of love and affection.<br/><br/>I think that's the good thing about this movie. It's more down to earth and what I think to be more believable to how most relationships are. Not that there isn't any relationships where you can experience great romance and incredible, once in a lifetime things happen. But reality is most relationships aren't like that. The romance is more subtle, there will be awkward moments you will argue, get jealous and actually hurt people you like/love with things you said.<br/><br/>This movie doesnt have a plot that is aiming for an academy award. It's simply a funny rom-com about two childhood friends who lost touch and found each other again 16 years later. which I personally found cute, laughed watching it and took my mind off things. If you like romantic comedies, I think you should give this one a try. If you don't like it, simply take it off and onto the next movie. That's the beauty of the film industry, so many movies to fit everyone's different tastes.<br/><br/>Oh yeah, I before I forget.... loved seeing Keanu Reeves acting like the total opposite of how many people say he really is. Iv never even heard of this movie before I saw a post on Instagram of the premiere and I saw Keanu Reeves so I thought, "what movie is this?" I watched the trailer and as soon as I saw Randall Park involved as well I was hooked. I loved Randall Park ever since The Interview (yes that movie is my go to comedy) and Fresh off the Boat. This is a Netflix release and iv got to say, the story is a bit on the basic side but I loved it! The story is really carried by its lead with Randall Park and Ali Wong, whenever they are on screen together it really does feel like they have known each other all their lives, so all the romantic scenes really do have a payoff. Keanu Reeves, what can I even say about him at this point? He steals every scene he's in and it really goes to show how versatile he is as an actor, seeing John Wick to his role in this is such a great thing to see. I totally totally recommend this movie, I have seen it three times already and I could watch it a couple more times. It is really great to see another Asian led film and for it to be as good as it is. Come on, it's a NETFLIX MOVIE, save your money from Dark Phoenix and watch this instead! When my wife said "Hey let's watch this movie," I was like "If they dont play the Mariah song at some point I'm gonna be furious." So were gettin close to the end of the movie and I havent heard the song and I'm THIS close to rating this movie 1/10.... But then they played the song towards the end of the movie and I jumped up and danced on the couch with joy. MARIAH FOREVER It delivered 100% on it's genre. Romantic comedy. I throughly enjoyed it. Loved this movie. The writing, acting, timing, all top notch. Great one liners. The Millennial characters are relatable. And I'm a boomer! The writing and acting team of Wong and Park need to make more films! There is real chemistry there! I'd heard Ali Wong interviewed when the film came out on Netflix, but wanted to watch with my guy. We finally did, last night. Don't wait! Watch this movie! I want to watch it again to remember the best lines! Really great movie, loved it, really funny too. Great love story, Ali Wong is great, really really great! Funny and clever, it's one of the best I've seen in a while If you're looking for a funny, light hearted movie, this is definitely a good one to catch. I was never bored once. Crazy Rich Asians? Didn't get the hoop la. That one just couldn't hold my attention, but Always Be My Maybe certainly did! The characters were all well written. The actors were believable and did a great job. There is even a VERY unexpected and quite hilarious "cameo" one would never expect. (I won't spoil the surprise for you!) The movie was already cute, funny and quite enjoyable, but this great cameo really threw it over into an even higher level of enjoyment! So if you enjoy a light hearted, well written and performed romantic comedy, you should catch this one. I'm reading some negative reviews based on the format being predictable. Well, we all know what typically happens ("The Formula") in romantic comedies. Nonetheless, if the story is well written and the actors performances are solid (as in this case), it can still make for a very good movie. Please make more like this Netflix! This was a really a good one! So good I've already watched it twice in one week and laughed even more and harder the second time around. Always be my baby, typically a straight forward Rom-Com.
I would say the first half of the film just didn't work it felt every scene was over dramatic and was trying too hard at times, the second half the film picks up significantly and what we get is a good enough film.
What does pull through is Randall Park & Ali Wong's on screen partnership, If nearly all else fails in this film its those 2 help it carry through. Nahnatchka Khan has some solid comedic-direction, although conventional nevertheless, but Randall Park and Ali Wong share some strong-hilarious chemistry with each other, enough to carry on the majority of the film, even when it isn't that funny, but thankfully its cleverness is bigger than expected, and the appealingly-charm presence of Keanu Reeves portraying himself helps to bring an unexpected life to an average comedy. The film begin with the childhood life of Sasha and Marcus in 1996! They are neighbor since that time! Actually they already is like a so called lover, because they already hanging out regularly! Sasha even admit she crushing Marcus since childhood at the end! Until 2003, Marcus mother died, they separated! At present day 2019, they both have their lover! The story is about how they trying to get together again! The relationship depicted by two main character actually quite weird but still is acceptable for me! Have several funny scene! They make love in a car at 2003, Marcus challenge his father battle a dance with him! Marcus throw up the food Jenny keep feeding him! The introduction of Keanu Reeves also a bit intense and funny! He show off his no glass spectacles to Marcus! Showing off he knows many China leader and even he challenge a fight with Marcus! The end credit song, I think Keanu Reeves fans sure dislike the lyric! Lol! But the rhythm quite good actually! The two main character eventually get together, when Marcus confess at the award ceremony red carpet! Marcus father also found a new lover at the end! Sasha open a restaurant with Marcus mother recipe really very touching! Not as good as Crazy Rich Asians! But still is a good movie to enjoy! Every actor and actress actors well except Asian actors and actresses. :) All I can say is that if it was any good, Netflix would have released it in theaters. Very decent romcom, highly recommended. Ali Wong's the goddess This was a pleasant surprise for me, having heard some positive buzz online and then finding myself with a couple of free hours I thought I'd check it out. My expectations were fairly low given how played out the romantic comedy genre has gotten by this point but I have to say that even though I am not a big fan of the genre I have to give a recommendation for this one.<br/><br/>Ali Wong and Randall Park are both very funny people in their own right and they bring their A game to this film. Both of the two main stars have writing credits and so the film can at points feel like a vessel to showcase their talents as comedians. This can be a positive or a negative depending on your existing opinions about the work of the two leads, for me this was absolutely a good thing with he pair firing on all cylinders throughout.<br/><br/>Another thing this film has going for it is an attention to detail that is rarely seen from movies of this nature. The bay-area setting is used to full advantage and impacts on how the characters interact with each other and the situations they find themselves in. For example this film uses the trope of the failing musician, other than having the character's band sound like a generic rom-com soft rock band they build of the hip-hop style soundtrack. The three original songs performed by the fictional band feel as though they would fit perfectly within the Bay Area sound and I instantly added them all to my party playlist.<br/><br/>As far as the story goes it is incredibly generic, while this is a fresh feeling film, it isn't exactly breaking new ground with any plot details. If you are tired of the rom-com formula then maybe this could be an issue for you but personally I think that this has enough good jokes and heart to keep you engaged.<br/><br/>Don't watch the trailers if you are planning on checking this out as they spoil the best part of the movie and the revel works so much better if you don't see it coming.<br/><br/>I think this is a really entertaining Rom-Com showcasing the talents of its two leads. If it sounds like your thing give it a shot. What a lovely rom com to watch!!!! Very watchable and the characters are likeable! Really fun and light hearted watch. Great music and acting. Had me laughing and even crying at one point. A good comide movie with good crew and a very special appearance of keanu reeves Great surprise here! Wife was watching it and I couldn't help but tune in. Really funny, witty, and sweet. Worth a watch for sure Better than Crazy Rich Asians with some very relatable contents if you grew up in the 90s. Good for date night movie. Ali Wong's acting is superb considering she's not a career actress. Funny movie with two great main characters. Storyline embraces and pokes fun at current generation Loved the quirky Ali Wong comedy.. but the romantic friction just doesn't make any sense at 75% of the movie. Overall great start it feels like she didn't know how to wrap it up. "Always Be My Maybe" is a fun, entertaining and fresh rom-com with a great pair of leads.<br/><br/>In this romantic comedy, friends from childhood who once hooked up, end up meeting up years later and reconnect.<br/><br/>Overall fantastic performances from Randall Park and Ali Wong, who are a perfect match. Smart writing and a clever premise make "Always Be My Maybe" a good Netflix flick. A thoroughly enjoyable romantic comedy. This film is very heartwarming. I struggled to like it because sometimes the content was too much to bare at times(mature content) but the story line was smooth paced. Not an all time favorite but it's nice. Recommended for children above 13. This movie is fantastic. Laughed a lot and it kept me entertained the entire time. This was a really cute movie. Don't go into it expecting a drama or anything other than what it is: a cute rom com. I agree with others saying that Randall Park is not on Ali Wong's level-I agree, but I still like him. This movie is just what I've been waiting for! Ali Wong is everything!
I got all the warm fuzzy feelings from this flick.
Go and watch it! Off you go!! By the story, actors are so emotional ... wonderful
i love this also the ending.. Great movie to watch if you have nothing else to do and need a laugh! I really enjoyed the movie. A nice simple love movie. This movie is the funniest, most original and clever romcom to come along in a long while. The criticisms of ethnic stereotypes and "tired tropes" are simply narrow-minded, wrong-headed and backwards-looking.<br/><br/>Asian-Americans have been and continue to be the least-represented group in Hollywood and Broadway. Virtually every other group and sub-group has been represented.<br/><br/>Asian-Americans continue to be left out and overlooked for leading roles, supporting roles, ancillary roles.<br/><br/>Even when an Asian-American is cast in a recurring role (i.e. "Modern Family"), their part is typically a mute part, devoid of lines ... and any apparent purpose. Plus, Hollywood continues to follow the unspoken rule that allows only one (or less) Asian-American to appear on any given movie or TV show.<br/><br/>Randall Park and Ali Wong are blazing a trail that can only lead to a world that finally recognizes the acting talent - and writing talent - of Asian-Americans.<br/><br/>"You'll Always Be My Maybe" is a movie whose time has finally come.<br/><br/>#sacgazette I'm not much for romcom, neither for basic storytelling. A passing mark doesn't mean not enjoyable. For what it's worth, it is one of the best I've seen for a pretty long time.<br/><br/>Characters are fun, somhow grounded in a relative reality that makes this a not so serious movie. The cheezyness is deserved and amusing. Both main actors have a good chemistry wich makes the whole story believable in a basic way.<br/><br/>I wouldn't say it's memorable, but if your significant other makes you watch it, you'll be less bored than the average movie of that genre usually leaves you.<br/><br/>But it's a predictable, ordinary structured movie that leaves no element of surprise. The script is pretty much as valuable as the other movie in that genre, wich is an big pile of averageness. ClichÃ©s are all over and are sometimes eye rolling, taking the viewer out of the experience.<br/><br/>Mostly, it fullfills it's purpose by beeing light hearted and sweet, leaving an expected but enjoyable smile on your face. And finally, the cameo's pretty cool.<br/><br/>Not as MUST watch, but a fun one. I thought from the trailer i didn't give it a go but my parents watched it as recommended it. I loved it, great acting and really great rom com story that has been gone for so long and have missed since Hugh Grant and Richard Curtis was at their peak. I think if it was a movie you paid for at the cinema you would come out if it feeling really great, give it a go. A ridiculously funny comedy trying to be romantic... and succeeding! It touches on everyday difficulties that people face in managing their life and career and in the dating world. Unexpectedly relatable. This is from a guys point of view and this movie is funny down to earth and heart warming.
Great for a romantic comedy!! I'm not into romantic comedies but I really enjoyed this. It was a feel good movie with a great sense of humor. It was so funny and so sweet. Just an overall amazing rom-com! And I loved the throwback music was a fun touch. Maybe that's me being "old fashioned" or whatever you want to call it but I still believe the LOVE part in romcoms is the BEST part and Marcus literally never said "I love you" to our back to Sasha....... otherwise, great movie.. whatever.. Keanu Reeves' most hilarious comedy performance ever. And only someone like him who's real, approachable, black-spot-free star will come perform in such a low budget film. I like romantic comedy but this one is also one that has a lot of great humor. I really laughed out lout at many of the jokes. It was created by great comedians, also had a cute story and some good acting. The date with Keanu Reeves was also a great addition. The restaurant where they ate was ridiculous and funny and the game they played had many great jokes. Netflix usually doesn't do as well with movies as with TV shows but this one is sure a winner. I thought this movie was going to work on the basis that both main characters werent honest with themselves and their partners. Instead non of their personal issues get fix; this movie is not about love, but about money and a touch of sentimentalism.<br/><br/>Towards the end, male MC realizes that either he could be in a relationship with a woman that will pamper him with money and love, seriously??? is a no brainer to not go for it.
You could call me cynical, but... the only thing that was making him doubt about the decision to move to new york with her was his pride.
From the beginning of the movie, he was afraid to try, so why would he kid himself on his band being successful or have a life in san francisco when he could just have the support from a rich woman that loves him?<br/><br/>Seriously... Imagine yourself in that position, you happen to meet an attractive person that loves you and wants to support you financially while your career hasnt even lift up at all... would you decline that offer?<br/><br/>Anyways... to the writers, try to do it better next time. This wasnt a romantic comedy, change the title to 'Always be my sugar daddy/mommy', actually that's a great idea; you could make a prequel but with the genders switched. This movie was so boring just skip this please
Please ignore this movie The only reason why I gave this movie 2 stars is because of Keanu Reeves. And I still can't understand why he participated in this awful movie. The characters are so bad you can't even like them a bit. I didn't care for the story as well. Don't lose your time. I've completely forgotten it.<br/><br/>I have not memories of it.<br/><br/>This just wasn't a great vehicle for her. The main character was a non-motivated just floating through life with no ambition and smoking pot while living with his Father. The main female character was highly motivated with tons of ambition. The couple was just not believable to think they would want to be with each other or to ever fall in love. I expected this to be better. Storyline was good, but the main characters just did not feel like they had a real connection. It didn't seem natural. Seemed forced. This movie is an extremely basic formula for a rom-com and it's not particularly well. The story does nothing special, nor does the music, or the camera, or anything. Some jokes were funny (specially in the Keanu Reeves part), but it doesn't save the excuse of a movie this is. The ending feels super cliche and the characters are terrible. There are better things to watch. Two stars just for Kianu.I love romatic lemonades but this one is baaaad!He is iritating grumpy child,who doesnt know what he wants.The plot is a mess,and boring.Some jokes are fine but rest is just...zzz.Movie for 8 y o I wouldn't have thought that this movie would have quite different characters and how they ended up, compared to other similar rom-com. Love the characters, love how the story unfolded, and love Keanu Reeves in it!<br/><br/>I didn't expect to be mesmerized by this movie considering they did not cast fancy Hollywood actors as protagonists (despite them being a comedy), but I was left speechless and mesmerized, while catching my breathe from all the laughs. Anytime this movie is brought up, my blood boils. It's appeal is just surface level and there is nothing good found much deeper. The characters are shallow and unlikable, the plot is an overdone cliche and the only thing it has going for it was Keanu Reeves. I could go deeper into my hate for it but I shan't.<br/><br/>I wish this movie never existed.<br/><br/>Thank you for your time. How in the world can you rate this movie less than 10 stars? I'm a movie snob. If the basis of the movie's story doesn't seem interesting, or {expletive deleted}'s not blowing up, it's usually not my favorite. This movie right here changed everything. Recommended by my sister-in-law, I watched it during a run one morning, as I typically would do with something I'm just so-so interested in. BUT, I ended up being on that treadmill the entire length of the movie. They do such an awesome job of building the characters, the acting is SPOT on, the cameo is HILARIOUS and the plot is perfection. These types of movies all feel like they've been done before, but not this one. Sure, the end may be predictable, but that's what you expect in this type of movie. Additionally, there are some parts where they're intentionally cheese ball, and they're done so well - it's hilarious! The entire thing is so well done. Bravo to everyone involved! I'm not really a rom com person but loved this movie! Ali Wong's energy is amazing! Although I do agree some of the scenes were a tad awkward due to lack of chemistry, the real gem behind the movie is the portrayal of a first generation Asian American story that is 100% relatable. There were so many instances and inside jokes that were so subtle yet pure gold. Albeit, they very well could have gone over people's heads if you haven't seen it growing up. Also, the fact that she's a chef and the underlying theme is FOOD, come on, it's homage to Asian/Asian American culture. Do not waste you time on this movie, the only good thing in this movie is Keanu Reeves, CRAZY RICH ASIANS IS SOOOO MUCH BETTER!!!!! Wasted time, I don't know why some produrcers spend money and waste time for this 3rd class cheap movies, better donate money homless or hungry people in Africa then producing and spent money at trash like this, they have only 3rd class movies ! Watching this movie made me laugh so much, very beautiful story, new and original. Love the actors and Keanu Reeves only made it 10000000 times better. Just plain boring. Storyline was weak, no chemistry, so contrived and all over the place. Keanu was the only interesting part, but not enough to revive this dud. Skip. I'm sorry, but I don't know what everyone sees in this film.
I love the premise of an all Asian lead; I know that that is rare enough. I also love that Sasha is a strong independent woman and doesn't need a man; Young women need more of those. I liked Sasha's character, and I thought their childhood romance was sweet.
I can't however see anything of worth in Marcus at all. Everything he did made me cringe. It's not his job, because a man's worth is not his job. It's not his lack of ambition, although that's part of it. It's that he doesn't seem to have a single redeemable quality about him. He's jealous, he's needy and he's not a nice guy.
Keanu Reeve's appearance was unexpected, but just weird. I'm a big Keanu fan, but I thought this one was just about being weird for the sake of being weird. Perhaps, I am missing out on some Hollywood parody, but I was singularly unimpressed by his character.
I really wanted to like this film, but it fell very flat for me, which was a huge disappointment. This movie left me feeling good and hopeful. I like to watch movies to relax and enjoy. The characters are so relatable that I really felt it. Also, it's really funny! It's everything I wanted from a solid RomCom. Fun, entertaining, little bit boring sometimes. Ultimately forgettable. I actually liked it i,ts good!
i also loved the actorss Enjoyed this movie
Some jabs at pop culture
Very funny I really liked this move. I have never heard of, or seen Ali Wong before. I thought she was very good. Then I made the big mistake of checking out youtube and watching some of her comedy. Wow. That is the most sleazy , every dirty word you can think of for sex and women's bodies part I have ever heard from a woman comic. I guess she is going for the female version of Louis C.K., same humor, female based, but without attacking any men in real life of course.
I found it hugely disappointing. That said, the movie was good, I enjoyed it. I am just glad I watched it before I watched her live routine. Great story, excellent ending, great acting...slow at times, but the slow parts definitely bring out emotion to the ending in the movie. Great movie but I might struggle to watch it again. 7.8/10 Hilarious and heart-warming! Great acting performances for all involved :) Give it three stars for the few good laughs but other than that, terrible. As predictable as they come. The characters are cartoonishly two Dimensional, the situations are completely absurd, the break-up comes exactly where you'd expect it, as does the take me back I've changed speech.
Do not waste your time. The movie was funny and touching and very realistic. The writing, acting, and directing was all first-rate. "I once saw Glenn Close order a pineapple sandwich!"<br/><br/>This rom-com was such a great surprise. Hilarious lines, relatable characters and scenes, plus, Keanu Reeves as Keanu Reeves!<br/><br/>Thank you Randall Park and Ali Wong! Expecting more great things from you both! I loved this movie so much!!!! I could watch that dinner date scene a million times! And I listen to oh peril all. the. time. So great!! I am as Caucasian as it gets, and almost as old as James Saito. I loved this film not because of its ethnicity, but because of its characters as people: I knew them, I am them (for my generation and ethnic background). This film works beyond such things, and I strongly recommend it! I loved this movie. I saw a few negative reviews but mostly positive and I love Ali Wong so I gave it a try. Not sure what the negative reviews are all about, this is a very good romantic comedy with a lot of heart! I highly recommend if you're in the mood for a feel good movie with some good comedy and soul. I really needed this. After my break up with my ex fiance who is Korean American I got so nostalgic but that Keanu Reeves stuff was brilliant. I couldn't stop laughing. What a clever movie that doesn't take itself too seriously. I only wish my ex and i could have enjoyed yhis together as we love ali wong and Randall Park. Great movie. Funny, caring, and very teary eyes. Love the ups and downs of the movie I love Ali Wong and Randall Park. Keanu Reeves lampooning himself was hilarious. Randall Park's music is pretty good! And the soundtrack is on point. I kind of wished they made this a mini-series instead of a movie, to flesh out the character development better. This is way better than Crazy Rich Asians. Laughed all through out. Just watch and enjoy. This movie not only kept me laughing, but it had a great story arc. It kept me entertained the entire way through and even got me to almost shed a tear. I rarely watch romantic comedies but this was one I'd enjoy again. I loved it! Funny, and hilarious in so many ways! If you love a romantic but also a little cliche without it defect the movie you will like this! The acting was also spot it! Great, make more movies like this! While it is a fairly formulaic rom-com, I liked it more than I thought I would. Maybe it's the Asian connection (I"m half) or the fact I live in San Francisco, I'm not sure. Casting is really great and all the actors give great performances; the Keanu Reeves cameo had me in tears! Definitely a feel good flick that's perfect if you're feeling down. The movie was a perfect date night on the couch. Both me and my husband laughed and reminded parts. It was a easy movie to love. The quotes will definitely stick. This move was a good comedy and love story all wrapped into one. - Plus I'm 7 months pregnant so her best friend was PERFECT for me! I loved Ali Wong's stand up and the preview looked fun, but I'll admit that the thing that cinched it for me to give this one a chance was when my husband said, "okay, that looks funny." I can legit count on one hand, if is has fingers chopped off, the number of times that my husband has watched a rom-com with me. I'm lukewarm on them, he loathes them.<br/><br/>So, "Always Be My Maybe" is a cute flick that combines 90s nostalgia, food porn, a great script, actors with great chemistry/delivery, and, for me, wins the award for best use of Keanu Reeves in a small role. It pokes fun of the Hollywood establishment and pop culture, as well as the eccentricities of Asian-American culture. Ali Wong is terrific and her chemistry with Randal Park (who is always wonderful and his rap songs are the best worst thing ever!) is fantastic in this weird, awkward way that feels more genuine than your typical rom-com.<br/><br/>Look, man, it's a rom-com, okay. It's silly and predictable...but for the genre, it's one of the best I've seen in a long time. Just finished watching it.m and I'm gonna watch it again. By the way - soundtrack is great, especially last song :))) Great playing, funny story, great actors (keanu was great :) - no time waste. The romantic comedy Always Be My Maybe is such a cute and fun movie for everyone. It will make you laugh, cry and fall in love with the two main characters. Ali Wong and Randall Parker have amazing on screen chemistry and I definitely rooted for them to end up together. The movie had a simple plot and this was one of the reasons why it succeeded. It was entertaining from start to finish and I never felt bored when watching this movie.<br/><br/>Similarly to Crazy Rich Asians, this movie featured two Asian actors who play the lead role. The difference between Crazy Rich Asians and this movie is that Always Be My Maybe does not have an only Asian cast.<br/><br/>The most shocking scene for me was when Keanu Reeves showed up. His appearance was surprising and unpredictable. He behaved unpleasantly which is not him in real life. In real life, he is one of the kindest and sweetest actors in Hollywood. I can honestly say that Keanu Reeves did an amazing job as an actor in this movie.<br/><br/>Randall Parker performed his song titled "How I punched Keanu Reeves" in the end credits. This was a fitting and humorous way to end the movie. Additionally, showing us the pictures of the main characters as children and afterwards as adults in the end credits beside their names was a sweet touch. I can definitely recommend this movie to anyone. Everyone should watch it once in their life. This is one of those movie which make goes back to basics of boy loves girl stories and hits it out of the park. Not an easy feat to achieve
Warning - for romantics only This was a fantastic romantic comedy: intelligent, genuinely funny (almost choked on my drink more than a few times), heart warming, with genuine chemistry and situations between the leads. I felt like this was one of the few recent movies (or TV shows) which avoided being overtly political and just had real characters with real desires and conflicts trying to find their happy ending. Well done to the producers, director, writer, actors, and all the crew. Truly fabulous work, y'all. I loved the leads and Keanu (HILARIOUS, buddy). Absolutely zero complaints about this one. Loved it! This movie was so good that if they released it on dvd I would b 3 copies of it. The best movie I've seen all year. I'm not even one to watch romance movies but this such a good freaking movie that if you haven't seen it you better! ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ Loving the comeback of the good rom-com! This movie was funny, heart-warming, and believable! The characters were relatable, not without their flaws, and people you could imagine being friends with in real life.
Definitely one to watch again. I really enjoyed this movie! Laughing, crying and everything in between. Keanu Reeves just topped it all off. Highly recommend. If ya just want to enjoy a fun movie, this is it. It reminded me of Forget Paris, You've Got Mail, When Harry met Sally and Sleepless in Seattle. I looked at the other reviews. Please you must be kidding, in its genre this is a wonderful film. It is sappy and unpretentious. The writing was tight. The character are believable for this kind of film. Park and Wong had super chemistry and the depth and history of their characters seemed very genuine. Reeves had a wonderful and very funny cameo. Those haters of this movie, did not get it. Love is strange and who loves who can also be strange. I know couples who have very different professional lives but love does not care what you do from 9 to 5. Formulaic romcom that works. Well written and cast if a little loose on the editing. Does what it should in a predictable but satisfying way. When others flag, about half way, this gets a super celebrity superb comedy boost. All leading to the mushy ending you expected on the opening credits. It works, watch it, enjoy. Wow! A great witty funny movie that is perfect for a Friday night!<br/><br/>You want a no-brainer totally chill movie night?? Watch Always Be My Maybe. So good.<br/><br/>Maybe I'll just watch it again this Friday too!!!! As an Asian myself, I must say this movie is much better than my expectation, and way better than Crazy Rich Asians.
It has a great tempo, and all Asian elements are blended in the plot very naturally and make me laugh without feeling being offended and awkward. Ali Wong really did a great job.
Of course there are also many points could have been improved, however I would see this movie as a milestone of American Asian movie history. And I would love to see more production's like this in the future. Going in I thought it would just be a mediocre rom-com I could watch while I dozed off to sleep. But it actually surprised me. The characters were so likable and that just made they story so much sweeter. I don't know why, but the almost-all-Asian cast worked perfect for this story and the curl in the end just made my night. Seriously, such a joyful and sweet, feel-good movie. Guaranteed to make you smile. This Ali Wong and Randall Park co-written and acted romantic comedy, directed by Nahnatchka Khan, is a passable flick, pushed slightly above the usual bar by genuinely funny one-liners and a cameo that is not to be missed. You are unlikely to be disappointed despite the standard plot points, save it for one of your open Netflix nights. You'll have a few chuckles, a couple of laugh out loud moments, and may find some poignancy. This was thoroughly entertaining throughout. The characters are believable and engaging, and they develop throughout the course of the film, which doesn't always happen with rom-coms.<br/><br/>One thing I particularly love about this film is, although it features many excellent Asian actors, it doesn't trundle out old tropes about Asia or Asians. This is about two people who happen to be Asian, and their lives, which happen to feature occasional details about Asia, because they are Asian. We see a different take on what it means to be an American, but it's a realistic take, not an amalgam of everything every Asian-American has every experienced.<br/><br/>Thoroughly enjoyable! This wasn't one of those cheesy, high school rom-coms that we're all pretty tired of by now, but a solid, meaningful rom-com that hits all the right feels at the right times. The fact that the cast is centered on an Asian American couple is different compared to other cliched rom-coms, but it was still executed remarkably well and authentically as a crucial element of the story. There were an abundance of hilarious scenes, especially the ones where Keanu Reeves made an appearance, but there were also those serious scenes that made you ask yourself what exactly you're doing with your own life. Plus, the score for this movie was pretty great, including Hello Peril's songs, and also, all of the food that made an appearance in this movie looked absolutely delicious! At 48th minute, on the side shot, when they are crossing a street, it appears one Toyota and one Honda car. In the front shot, it appears a Ford and other different car. I love everything about it!! The comedy, good acting and a great story. Everything you need!!
Thank you for making this! Loved every second! Having seen "Mudbound", "Roma" and "Always Be My Maybe", I think that it's safe to say that Netflix is turning out some good feature films. It may have been hard to imagine that a streaming service would do so, but it's true. This story of a romance that starts up again after sixteen years hits all the right notes. I recommend it. Really surprised I enjoyed this so much. Certainly it rises significantly above standard rom com fare. It's actually pretty masterful all around, although for some reason there's a weird early to mid 2000's vibe, but it works. It's heavy on the comedy so the sweet moments really work without being overly heavy. Visually it's great for the genre. Performances and directing are also great. The cast is perfect in their roles. Some of the foley work is a little over done and it took away from suspension of disbelief in spots. Truly though this film had me rolling, the comedy is almost relentless. And even more surprising there are some deep existential moments. One of Netflix's best to date for sure. It was funny and it was nice, it reminds me of me and my best friends Why the guy should be sacrificed?
if the girl live with guy they may be more happy but guy lost his identity in the end... i really hate the ending. :( This movie was better than expected. I personally enjoy watching both of the stars in their sitcoms but was pleasantly surprised that they blended so well together on the big screen. Also, I give bonus points to actors that play themselves in movies, I truly enjoy that! I am a huge fan of Keanu Reeves and I was hoping till the end, he will come back and make it up. It was a bit not nice to leave me with the impression that Keanu Reeves, the love of my life, was punched and you even made a song about it. I didn't feel good about it. So, I want part two of the movie where Keanu Reeves is an good guy and lovable. Please, I want his image saved ðŸ™‚ I have always enjoyed Randall Park and even though I'm pretty easy to please with a rom-com movie, this was a feel good film filled with lots of laughs and yes, the Keanu cameo is as solid as the gif/meme hype has made it out to be.
Well written, produced and great casting. Look forward to future endeavours from Park & Crew. Cute, romantic comedy. Amazing cast that you truly want to be friends with. Classic boy gets girl, boy loses girl storyline but welcomed diversity and blessed cameo by the most beautiful Keanu Reeves (crushing on since 1994). Seriously, Keanu Reeves is everything in this movie. It's a must watch, the characters are engaging and hilarious with a sick soundtrack even the weird songs Marcus and his band sing. Just watch it and thank me later, if you
Liked To All The Boys I Loved I think you'll like this film too. I could list movies but I think you should just watch this film. I watched this only because I love Ali Wong and maybe that effects the score but hey this is my review. This film is warm and glowing and the music is a fantastic. There are loads of great laughs. Nothing is truly groundbreaking but that's not a bad thing. This is a grown up teenage love story. Plus it's on Netflix so just watch it. But I am going to rant about NETFLIX for a moment. I have been hearing about this film for weeks. I watch netflix nearly everyday. I had to scroll down to the deepest darkest recesses of the NETFLIX page to find this gem, and when I did, NETFLIX scored it as a 55% match for me...that is so low! And I can only assume it is because I am a middle-aged white guy who NETFLIX's millennial punk-tard demographic 'bot' assumes would just ignore this witty, clever gem since the principle characters are not 'like' me... And this is not the first time! OMG! NETFLIX! Stop taking your customers for granted.<br/><br/>This is a light-hearted, belly-laughing, love story with awesome characters, great performances, and a splendid showcase for the scene stealing Ali Wong...So, for THAT, THANK YOU Netflix for creating a platform that offers authentic entertainment a chance to be seen, and a chance for all of us to pull ourselves away from the phony anglo-centric hollywoodism that routinely churns out mediocre excuses for advertisements.<br/><br/>Bring on more! Love the plot, simple yet entertaining, I am hoping the plot for next asian cast movies would be more complicated than this one. This movie is so surprising with lots of romance and funny comedy along the way the relationship of the characters really gel together well Well Done to the amazing cast and crew bringing this amazing movie to life. I saw it twice and I laugh, again and again. It's funny and true Asian background. Hope they are able to make more movie like this!! This movie is just what modern rom-com should be. It was funny, witty and the chemistry between Randall Park and Ali Wong was just excellent. This movie made me feel warm and fuzzy inside and it got me laughing out loud. In fact, I hate most comedies. I hate to lump these 2 Asian films together but I just didn't get the hoopla about Crazy Rich Asians. I thought chemistry in this was real, just enough Ali Wong wo being irritating, Keanu bit was amusing.<br/><br/>Solid surprising rom com. I didn't chortle (The Heat did that for me) but I smiled and giggled. Everyone was solid. It was a fun movie to watch and my wife, kids and I enjoyed it. I especially enjoyed hearing us all awed in surprise when the special guest appeared on one of her dates. And the way they surprise you was so perfect it made us all say: "Whatttttt!!!!!?????" It was great! A spin on the usual rom com tropes but does suffer from a few cliches.
Some jokes don't land but the ones that do more than make up for it.
Has one of the best cameos from an actor willing to portray himself as insufferable because in real life he's anything but. This movie was so cute and has something for everybody. It has a love story, emotional (I cried at a few scenes), there are even some action scenes and its a really funny movie. Very impressed for a Netflix original! A bright movie that brings joy to the watcher. It has a nice emotion to it. As the characters feel pretty real. Most of them being awesome and really funny to watcj. It was a good romantic love story. Its been a while since Ive seen a good romantic comedy, beating stereotypes and story plot, yet keeping the love theme throughout the whole movie... I enjoyed it very much... It is wonderful to see Netflix invest in vehicles like this. It's so nice to see romance stories not staring the usual faces and tropes that Hollywood has pushed out for so many years. We've seen white guys do EVERYTHING ... time for news faces to have a turn at telling human stories with diverse faces so children of all races can see themselves reflected on screen. Definitely some slow parts but overall so darn funny!! This was honestly a very smooth, sensible and just surprising. I just went ahead and hit it up after hearing out from a colleague. This was a very light and refreshing movie that you should probably watch it on a lazy Sunday afternoon and get out the very evening with all the feeling. Good rom coms are few and far between and this one deserves a wide audience. Park and Wong are absolutely charming in the lead roles. Lots of laughs in between. Recommended for a lazy Sunday afternoon. It was real. There was LOL funny. And it was really touching. I enjoyed this rom com which had some very funny moments. Great date movie. Keanu Reeves was hysterical! While some of it was predictable, the movie had some substance and touching moments. Many fun characters and good performances.