Excellent acting, beautifully written..describing reality and truth.. Every single minute of the premiere episode was well directed and each member of tvf team., Thank you guys for making such wonderful series . It's not hard to make a tv series especially on a topic that you have lived... It's like making or writing your own stories so it was not hard for tvf guys because they have lived the life themselves. But, it is not a web series like other. It is a study of the situation and not simply presenting the situation. How we feel, why we feel it, how does it impact our behaviour voluntarily or involuntary. Everything has a meaning including the black and white scheme of the series... Which describes a rather colourless and one dimensional life of a student who has been living with blinders. The while series is a study of all this behaviour.<br/><br/>Thank you from bottom of my heart... Whenever anybody would blame about the lack of quality content in India (I include myself too), they are given subtle reminders in the form of some of the most amazing shows. The irony to the same and complain about content, however, is the fact that there is a barrage of shows and films that either go unnoticed or just don't click with many viewers.<br/><br/>TVF (The Viral Fever) is one of the flag-bearers of making the digital scenario the massive juggernaut it is today. Responsible for Pitchers and Permanent Roommates, the channel has now presented another show in the form of Kota Factory. Portrayal of reality at its best. Great script, acting and specially that b/w theme, although b/w but depicting the true atmosphere and backdrop of Kota. Striking hard from the first episode, looking forward for more. I know i might be exaggerating a bit or i might I be over-reacting a bit .. But this is getting out of hand.. How the hell are these TVF writers not getting proper recognition for their work... This is simply outstanding work from them.. Series after series they are producing gems which we as human beings can only just applaud to.. Starting from pitchers, permanent roommates,tripling, yeh meri Family, immature and then KOTA FACTORY.. I know everyone is telling that tvf is trying to give stiff competition to amazon & netflix but i think it's vice versa.. Amazon & netflix are trying to give stiff competition to tvf....They may not have the resources to show mammoth battles or big fat Indian weddings but they certainly have the writing prowess to make you cry, laugh,be sad, happy,nostalgic all at the same time. TVF has been doing the work which needed to be done by mainstream film industry. Content creation is not just a business, it involves love for the filmmaking medium and passion for storytelling. I am happy that real and impactful subjects are coming in web. Kota factory is well made, well acted and primarily tells the story of students who are stuck for two years in Kota's coaching town in hope to crack IIT exams. This rat race for engineering has ruined lives of thousands of students and this madness still is on. Hopefully people can connect to this amazing show and we can watch mainstream movies from TVF soon. Tvf Tvf Tvf<br/><br/>Beauty again.<br/><br/>Direction-Acting-Music-Topic<br/><br/>Everything falling right in place<br/><br/>Jeetu Bhaiya , Meena toh jaan hain.. Some series are much more than just times and stories they are about lives. It is that. Untold stories told with such rawness makes it more than anything tvf has ever produced. Script, acting , direction, cinematography, music everything just adds to the flavour of Kota. Brilliant. Touched my heart. Thank you making it. Everything about this show is great. Whether it be acting, screenplay, direction or dialogues. It uses brilliant and striking black and white cinematography to express the loneliness, darkness a student has to go through in claustrophobic kota.
Kudos to TVF for this great show. This is a must see. TVF guys are presenting a harsh truth about Kota with fun N comedy !! Thanks you TVF for this. This show encapsulates the entirety of the student struggle and the zeal of being praised upon. We live in a system that only rewards students who are good at regurgitate unoriginal information. These intricate stuff would cascade into being a complete introverted isolated individual.
Love the cinematography and the writing! Being a Kota Factory produce myself, I had my share of doubts before the starting the series. Doesn't matter what the final result is, Kota days remain a mix bag of good and bad memories.<br/><br/>Thankfully, I made the right choice. Kota factory is very well researched and captures not only the obvious but also the little things that are intrinsic to Kota life. The salty water, obsession for patties, reading English literature while being bored just to ensure your time is optimally utilised - all make the show very real and relatable.<br/><br/>The director also walks the thin line of optimism and pessimism around Kota gracefully. While the show reflects the positives of Kota, it also portrays the perils it entails for a student, ensuring the reality is not misrepresented. The monologues of Jitu Sir are lucid, pertinent, and are well received. This show hits you at the right spot, even though i never allowed myself to be consumed by these coaching notions, I always felt bad for these Average low confidence socially isolated classmates who came as a failure from Kota. Jeetu rocks as always. Apart from acting of main character, everything is awesome. Reality is shown in best possible way and TVF knows how to play its cards right. May be my personal favourite, I can tell by watching the first episode, after pitchers. Best indian series ever created . It's shows the real struggle of an Indian students Brilliant script writing.
Excellent acting by JITU bhaiya. Just finished watching first episode of 'Kita Factory' and looking forward to it!<br/><br/>a must watch series from my side. and must share it with parents they'll get an insight too! THE MOST WONDERFUL OF THE SERIES AND THE BEST OF ITS KIND AND HIGHLY RELATABLE TO THE LIVE OF STUDENTS IN KOTA.
JUST LOVED THE SHOW TO THE CORE. Totally amazed with the acting of jitendra ji.. nostalgia 🤘🤘 a must watch series. This web series is really close to my heart. I had lived that life while preparing for IIT in Kota. So I can say that it's very realistic and the places shown are also real except the names of the coaching institutes.
The characters and script is awesome and the acting is world-class. Kota Factory is an amazing web series. It literally has every emotion in it, be it comedy, drama, romance or struggle. The depiction of the journey of a boy wanting to crack IIT in Kota is amazing.
All the actors were absolutely amazing but the best in this series was the direction, dialogues and the background music.
First and last episode of this series were the best of any of the episode of the web series I have watched. Well, for me I didn't find it interesting when I saw it's first episode appearing in my youtube feed . But on a recommendation of a friend I watched the first episode after 3 days of relasese. After watching the first episode , well I do not wait for more than 3 minutes to watch the new episode. A great work by team that did research on life in Kota, hat's off to those people , cast Is on the point. Now, summing up a great series again by tvf. Superb acting just loved it. Role of meena and viabhav is excellently acted by both yiung actores .tvf always rocks😍 Awesome as hell
a really good series that we all can relate with Very well directed and casted series. Surprisingly it is not overwhelming about Kota environment and academic things like Bollywood do with the subjects. It feels real. 10/10 for every department. All characters connected to my heart. I got little bit hint of Mukherjee Nagar and Rajendra Nagar where lots of UPSC aspirants takes UPSC coaching.
WORTH WATCHING. Such a beautiful web series. A must watch!!
And the black and white colors are pretty good.
A real masterpiece by TVF. Rating is 100%, I don't know giving 10 counts in Rating or not but trust me it's totally unbiased.
The Black and White concept ( I don't know what's it called ) it's just reminds whats the actual and reality is.
The background music and songs are so original and it will always keep you happy and make you feel love at the same time.
Hats off to all the #TVF team and the people behind working. Great work. The black and white view is just awesome, giving great nostalgia of old days & just pure feelings. Again, I would like to thank the entire cast and crew of Kota factory and all those people who were associated with it for makiysuch an amazing and inspiring web series for the audiences. Usually educational oriented programs suck... But here's TVF which gave the most crucial topic(JEE) a cool look....every aspirant looks towards this exam as enemy, but this series is just too funny and inspirational at the same time.
Here's the thing this series highlights the point of how a mentor is necessary for ones life.... Hope TVF in future bring up the same stuffs...
#KOTAFACTORY The Kota Factory is classic example how a master piece can be created without any filthy language, no obscene scene, no caste and religion propaganda which traditional Bollywood and serials reply on.
India really really need more TVF and Kota Factory level of content, writing and acting instead of copying western web series either in violence or in obscene content.
Kota factory is so feel good that it can inspire a generation.
TVF you have made Make in India Proud !! Keep It Up !! Tears rolled down with each episode passed on. The true hardships of a student preparing for one of the best colleges of India. The zeal is reflected on Vaibhah's face and the story telling is so inspiring and fabulous kudos to Team Kota Factory. Its the careful representation of all the small details of the life of a student being dragged in a race for an institution that Indians go bonkers about. And if ones already been there and fought that fight, it does hurt at certain points but then, it also pulls the spirit up by the end. Kota factory isthe utter reality of a JEE aspirant. Every episode has that thing which touches the heart. It shows that every student compromises over everything to just fullfil one dream the dream every PCM (non-med) students sees ,i.e. to make into an IIT. Possibly the best web series ever made on students, ambitions, dream and reality checks to that. The entire series is black and white which relates to the colourless life of students at Kota or anywhere who study with the burden of cracking one of the most toughest exams in India. I highly recommend you to watch it. A huge 10/10. Thank you TVF !
Cheers to all the students out there who are doing theae sacrifices on a daily basis for their dreams. Most loving, Emotional, and Inspiration web series i have ever seen.......
I Love it!
Eagerly waiting for the next episodes I had never written any reviews before on IMDb. But, watching only the first two episodes of the series I realized how connected I am with the series (I am a Kotaite), the content is just superb, beautifully written and presented, felt attached with the characters.
No words can describe my emotions and you will definitely feel nostalgic (*if you are a Kotaite).
#Jeetu_Bhaiya is the best.
One of the best Web Series I'll ever watch definitely. Bcz I just thought, that based on only iit struggles or other bad things happens to students. But This Web Series Is just awesome, I didn't expect that type of series it is. Am first just thought that black & white concept not works... But His B&W Concept you just feel the things...You just understand better what did they want to show you... It's just a great series and I just wanted to rate it bigger than 10 bcz it's deserve that Kudos to TVF for potraying the current kota student culture in such a poignant style. Hope the standards are maintained well. Great cinematography and tight script (till now) makes it a delight to watch.
The first episode indicates that this series is not going to focus on the overstated negatives of coaching centres and instead shed light on what makes Kota the prime destination for high school passed students - showing the dreams and aspirations of students. This is a great show & tvf humesa expectation se jyada hota. must watch every student can relate with this show. weather they were going to kota or not... You guys present the nostalgic show with nostalgic effects.
Completely loving it. 😍😍 While watching this i start thinking that i would be watching my past which i dont want to get disappeared from my memories.... Ek wo bhi life thi jab hum mehnat keya karte thai 😊 An absolutely great series by 'The Viral Fever' watched first episode and looking forward for it!
Must share it with your parents they'll get an insight of Kota! Every scene and each dialogue makes perfect sense. Great acting and a unique style of direction. This is the only series to be shot in the noir black and white style. India needs more such series!
Jeetu has just won hearts with his acting. He himself is a IIT Kharagpur passout. He delivers dialogues from the heart of the character he plays. Kudus to TVF to provide such platform to the youth!
Must watch series.
With each passing scene, the audience will fall in a dilemma if the story will end up with a positive or negative note.. that's how storytelling should be! Telling the truth is important... But making it appear such gracefully is another level talent... It is an awesome episode. Tvf always surprises with wonderful series. So first of all I know why the people are giving it 10 rating because they find Reality of kota in it. Yes it's true first episode was promising but other episodes aren't that good. Moreover what's with the sudden love ??? Suddenly from IIT aspirant to lover. Typical Indian story and also typical ending.
So accept it or not it's overrated. No other web series of this class can matched with Kota Factory. It's take you to your school days and gives a rememberance of friendship and love you had for your friends.<br/><br/>Jitendra you rocks, without you this series is incomplete. Waiting for second part, hope sooj its will be released. There's a difference in between what r u studying and how r u studying. Because if it is with Interest or hardwork or Anything its makes u feel happy. Kota Factory is About real life incidents happening in India about IIT or any competitive examination. Though it's in black and white the screenplay is Fully fresh. All the actors did extremely well. But bit dissapointing is it ended soon ! Highly relatable. Can actually feel the timeline and the process. Nice cast. Best Indian Web Series ever made..
Direction story acting everything is on point Lovely Series! All episodes are worth watching 3-4 times! I myself saw this whole series 2 times.. 100000000x times better than Student of The Year... Worth watching! If you have not seen it, you need to! And if you have, watch it More!! This series shows reality of Kota. TVF always produce powerful, relatable content. I really liked the way webseries was shot. To go back to old memories they have shot entire show in black and white. Character selection and emotional sequences are too good. Enjoy the show. Lovely Series.... NO unnecessary songs, slow motions etc... For me, this was the best web series I have ever seen tolill now. Jeetu Bhaiya was best! Kota Factory is a wonderful story of a student who gets lost in the Jungle of IIT-JEE preparation coaching classes....the story revolves around a young and dynamic 11th std student who is aspiring to get to the best coaching class in Kota and gets into a second ranked coaching class...the series shows the real life and struggle of all the students who really slog hard to get to an IIT
The story shows how does the hero meets a great teacher who really wants to make difference in his students lives and how passionately does he teach them<br/><br/>It's a very good series worth a watch rating 10/10 Awesome work, Beautifully written and directed. Talented loving artists. And the fact is reality. Loved the direction. EACH CHARACTER STANDS OUT.<br/><br/>The theme displays the life of kota students - simple 1 or 0, no fuzzy logic involved. At the age when romance should be booming, the heaviest books put in their weights.<br/><br/>The blood is too confused to flow though your brains or your geneticles. This series beautifully captures the struggles of not only students of Kota but students all over the world. Full of life lessons and humour, TVF yet again delivers a classic and now I know it never disappoints. Jeetu bhaiya was at his best yet again and all the other characters were casted perfectly. Couldn't have asked for anything more. Eagerly waiting for season 2! Exceptional show. Couldn't wait for season 2.A must watch show... Realistic, strong acting, powerful dialogues, good screenplay. Jitendra Kumar as Jeetu bhaiya just nailed it. I think every student MUST watch this web series. Ratings - 5/5 stars. Being from kota could relate to this series.. Made exceptionally well by the tvf team.. Waiting eagerly for S2! We Students who have cleared NEET/IIT or they r going to clear are going to feel this series ...very heart touching we need this type of series Go and watch the real struggling life of Engineering and medical aspirants.
I can match myself with it Brilliant performance by all actors. Jitu bhaiya is kickass ðŸ‘Œ Much needed subject for new generation ! Everything about this mini series is amazing. The script, acting, music and cinematography is just phenomenal. A very realistic story that unravels beautifully. I watched all five episodes at a stretch because I was hooked on to this since I watched the first episode. Brilliant show! This series is just above all the ratings. Anyone who has done the preparation for IIT-JEE would feel like reliving that time again. Just Outstanding. Great piece of art in all aspects.<br/><br/>Some scenes and dialogues were pure magic, especially when Jeetu bhaiya is on screen.<br/><br/>Exceptional dialogues, score and direction.<br/><br/>All the characters are very well conceived and written.<br/><br/>It may feel bit slow at times, but its there for a reason.<br/><br/>Congratulations to whole TVF team. Keep producing these gems. Too Good . Hit right on the spot . Missing kota.
Jeetu ji always as it's best It is not just a web series.It is an emotion.Feel it. It is the best web series of India. Thanks to Tvf for its amazing quality content. Profound writing. Amazing acting. Great direction and cinematography. Melodious background score and obviously Jeetu bhaiya is there. Being an IITian is something which makes everyone's chest swell with pride. Almost all parents in India want their kids to crack the IIT entrance exams and "uske baad to life set hai". While we all know how much "set" the lives of IIT Engineers and non-IIT Engineers are, Kota Factory talks about the life of students while trying to crack the IIT.<br/><br/>Kota Factory reflects daily life struggle of students who are taking coaching ahead of their school in order to crack IIT . The story stings around the boy named Vaibhav played by Mayur More . Story starts with a situation when Vaibhav doesn't get an entry into the best coaching institute Maheshwari in Kota despite scoring 90% marks in the 10th standard, his father has no other option left but to get him a seat in rather less prestigious institute named Prodigy. Vaibhav who actually came middle of studying year find himself comfortable with his new friends Mina & Uday , played by Ranjan Raj & Alam Khan respectively . Admitted in A10 batch Vaibhav gets promoted to A1 in Prodigy , however he ends up going to Maheshwari in class 12 in A3 batch .<br/><br/>The Charecter of Jitendra kumar aka Jeetu bhaiyaa is the teacher that every student needs . The whole Prodigy is blessed to have a teacher like that . Jeetu bhaiyaa helps Vaibhav to fit in different challenges of life .<br/><br/>Vaibhav and Vartika's (played by Revathi Pillai) budding romance is one of the sweetest moments of Kota Factory. Not only is it innocent but also a love story that the audience will truly resonate with. As students, and young people, we've all had that 'first love' which for most of us, remained just that because fate had something else in store for us. The finale episode of this is show thus exciting on so many levels. Not only will viewers get to see a conclusion to Vaibhav's academic aspiration, but they also will find out what will happen to all the relationships he has formed so far in Kota.<br/><br/>Kota Factory talks about the life of students in Kota. Without passing any judgment on the education system, It puts stress on the personal and educational challenges they face and how they overcome it & the importance of good friends and teachers.<br/><br/>The most beautiful part of Kota Factory is that it talks more about the solutions and less about the problems. And that's where it touches the hearts. Also, the web series has taken a very less dramatic route to narrate the story which makes it extremely relatable watch.<br/><br/>Black and white template of the web series is another masterstroke by the makers and that Climax where " Rang Khud ba Khud Chad Jayega ".<br/><br/>TVF Qtiyapa gifts us this educational masterpiece with those meaning deep dialogues. Raghav Subbu's direction is terrific and he deserves accolades for all his hard work. Writers Saurabh Khanna, Abhishek Yadav, Himanshu Chouhan and Sandeep Jain have done a beautiful job worth it . It all happens in that age. The pressure of studying and the system that makes you think that if you dont score then your life will be ruined. However life goes on and we all realize how tiny part of our life it was. Looking forward to Season 2 of this show Trust me, you would not have seen such a series before. All 5 episodes are a gem. Direction, acting, comedy, storyline everything is awesome. It's the true depiction of all students studying for IIT in Kota. Ranjan raj has acted really well .. waiting for season 2. It is an EXCEPTION :P Excellent shows. Many nostalgic moments in the show. Not only it has shown the struggle part but also the problems that a guy undergo mentally physically during his competitive exam preparation days. Simply mind-blowing!! Totally relatable! Loved the picturisation, concept, everything seems to be so perfect!! TVF - Bas Tumse hi Payega.<br/><br/>Kota Factory - It's a story about Kota - Indian Tuition Hub.
Thousands and Lakhs of student come to Kota to take classes and do preparation for cracking Entrance Exam's like NEET, AIIMS, CAT, MAT, XAT, JEE, AIPMT , GATE etc.<br/><br/>Brilliant script writing. Excellent acting by everyone.
First and last episode of this series were the best of any of the episode of the web series I have watched.
Its emotional and nail breaking as well.
The director also walks the thin line of optimism and pessimism around Kota gracefully.
Everything has a meaning including the black and white scheme of the series.<br/><br/>Thank you TVF.<br/><br/>TVF - Rock's as Always...!!! An absolute masterpiece in every aspect.
Every character gives 100 % in his role but ranjan & mayur are my favourites.
Please make the season 2 with same crew .
Same production and direction crew and every member who was involved in making the season 1. Literally the best tv series Indian cinema has ever produced. TVF you did it again! Touching very subtle and very import parts of life and relationships between people, folding them within story and presenting in way young India can take. This what I always liked from TVF and I am looking forward for such wonderful artworks in future.<br/><br/>Kota Factory is a wonderful journey with challenges spread across student life and how to go about it. Characters are well crafted and with great acting and performance characters are coming out really very well. A good show to know how the coaching classes actually work at Kota even though not so sure about the little romance part I mean if the students are really that serious it would not have happened. The writer had put the soul and show the reality of the Kota how students struggle and it looks all real. waiting for season 2.... A brilliant portrayal of the life of an IIT aspirant. Being one too I can totally relate to it. Such an amazing series. Although the likes of Pitchers and Permanent Roommates are great series, Kota Factory takes the viewer experience a notch higher. As someone rightly mentioned in the reviews - TVF gives you better than expected.
Superb direction with great acting overall.<br/><br/>Struggle of moving out of household, being able to concentrate, finding the right company, giving up loved ones for the one goal you came for - all of these were depicted flawlessly.<br/><br/>Ending could not have been better. Kuchh paane ke liye kuchh khona padta hai... Its just great!<br/><br/>Thank you TVF for making me relive those moments. Could draw so much inspiration even after more than 14 years since living that life! When I asked few people about this they said, its boring just because its black and white! But the thing I experiecced is, I never realized its a black and white series because I was too much indulged into it. Watched this during my exams while travelling, the smile on my face attracted lot of weird stares from public. As usual TVF once again, didnt failed to mesmerize me Hats off!! This is tremendously executed. It was 100% reality speaking on the canvas.
A boy in the new city with big dreams to get into the prestigious IIT. His struggle, friends, crush, teachers and the fun, sadness, comedy, drama and emotions shown with utter brilliance.
The direction, mono colored cinematography, acting was just superb. Jeetu bhaiya as always steals the show.
Highly recommended for any IIT aspirant and any person who once was a student. You will relive your journey. Lovely acting performance .great direction and black and white make it obsulute masterpiece ... Wow, what a series. This was nostalgic. I myself was never been to Kota for study purpose but been in hostel in college could easily relate to. Majority of stuff (like Friends helping in completing the assignment, treating friends at small joints ) are like revisiting the memory lanes.
I am rating it as 8 coz I found last couple of episodes were quite slow and lagging the actual content. Somehow the crux was lost somewhere in showing the emotions.. overall, must to watch if you have been in similar situations. It's really difficult to make a story free of any holes!! Raghav delivers it with ease I just loved the show. It was great journey down the memory line. The actors were so natural. I loved the chemistry between Mayur and Revathi very natural they were. Hats off to the team. Every single episode is well written, directed and screenplay and editing is super. Awesome acting by Proff Jeetu Bhaiiya, himself being a Kota product...he very well bring out the nitty-gritty of Kota...Awesome...hats off TVF team!! The series is amazing. It has shown very nice and heart touching concepts like coaching centers are now became factories and the problems faced by new students.<br/><br/>I personally believe that they just pulled the story more and less content. End was also not good as the whole series. Specialy episode 4 disappointed me by that love drama. And that's why i said it typically Indian series.<br/><br/>By the dialogues they have tried to disclose the real mindset. Also not to forget about the super acting as well direction. Jitu bhaiya's character was very special. Worth watching Unique idea of black and white cinematography along with brilliant direction deserves nothing less than 10 stars.
This is more than struggles faced in the quest for success. This is something that everyone watch and different things can be learned from it. With a well aligned story this series offers us entertainment as well as education.
Wonderful actors like Jitendra add wonders to the already well written script.
Bollywood and senile directors like Karan Johar, Ekta Kapoor come and watch this offer us something better. Just awesome teaches real values of life. Must watch The series has been made so precisely that every person who has prepared for competitive exam can relate very easily. The series is one of the top most creations till date. Even GOT is nothing I front of the well balanced creation. The music is far above Bollywood movies earning carore. Each actor has done justice to their character. Not a single character is out of place. Perfectionist is the word to the members of the crew. Love it. Waiting for the second season. Kota factory is able to establish the mundane life of a student in Kota with ambitions to crack a seat for themselves in the prestigious IITs of India. However the lack of complete reality, greater focus on entertainment weighs it down to an extent. The millennial romance portrayed through retro lens adds a cheer to the show along with the pleasant cinematography supported by good acting. Bereft of all the flaws Kota factory can win hearts for the nicely framed humour and easy-breezy entertainment it offers. A tireing day after tuitions? Well then Kota factory might offer what you are looking for. Simply Overwhelming. Great Cast and Script. It deserves more than just a youtube This felt very close to heart with the pre-med preparations that i had!...
it had some brilliant moments regarding the things that pre-grad students go thought in the weird 2 ears This series was worth watching and a clean masterpiece S1=8;. S2=9; S3=10; S4=10;. S5=10;
The camera work is excellent.perfecting casting and acting by those actors are too good especially meena. The best indian show ever. 80-90s kids will laugh cry and laugh and cry.. Hearts will pump eyes will fill up..
The best show on the Earth along with few others like GOT BB BLACK MIRROR HOC Don't have to say much because it's Awesome .this series' will stay with me forever Is series contains quite good actors. Young blood in industry make their position.Direction level of this series is looking professional . first 3 episode is quite relate-able with a simple student and kota student but last two episode are looking to add some love masala to series taking that superstitious in mind that every student has love in their life.Basically last two episodes are ruining the whole series. Things I liked:
1. Soothing, smooth music specially "The Gentleman" and background score.
2. Ranjan Raj's class act. He is a gem.
3. Screenplay
4. Dialogues which give goosebumps, special mention to "The monologue"
5. Symbolism and references
6. Jitu is the SRK of digital media. It's relatable, satisfying and appealing.
It's a must watch A really jice show covering the difficulties students face to get into IITs. One of the best webseries that i ever seen
Please watch at least one time Just awesome , masterpiece
One of the best web series Really I love this series. And the characters of the TVF play fabulous role. And its a reality of the students who are studying in kota and I frankly know the situation of the student because as I belong from kota. Really this is the best series I ever seen.. Realistic storyline with hard hitting script and dialogues.<br/><br/>Awsome work guys!!! An Innovative concept about Very realistic aspect of student life with detailed insights, true depiction of emotions, great script, usefull & informative story telling. Cinematography is just perfect, screenplay is done exceptionally. Actors will amaze you with their acting skills. Camera angle and those Ariel shots are brilliant. A true gem of indian cinema. Feels real life.... Best direction.... All are good.... Worthy to watch This series from TVF is extremely cute. Tracign the lives of students in Kota, a town in India which is popular for its coaching classes that prepare aspirants for the IIT JEE entrance exam.
IIT tends to be viewed by Indians as a sure fire passport to the best universities in USA and the highest paying jobs in the world, hence there remain tremendous pressures of youngsters in India who try to pass their entrance exams. Kota factory showcases this beautifully.<br/><br/>Every actor has performed truly well, even though for some, it was their first visit to Kota or for that matter, to any coaching class.<br/><br/>The series has been shot mostly in black and white, and gives an amazingly poignant feel to it. If you are more than 30 or 40 years old, it is even more interesting as it is an older person's first glimpse into what happens in Kota.<br/><br/>The series has English subtitiles, thus can also be watched by people who don't know Hindi.
The series is interspersed with poignant scenes, wisdom, innocence, jokes and puns.
An excellent viewing experience :) One of the best Indian shows I've watched❤awesome show,awesome cast,awesome act,awesome direction.Great work👏🏻 Kota Factory<br/><br/>Rating: 4.5/5 - Exceptionally good, a must watch<br/><br/>Genre: Drama/ Coming of age<br/><br/>Kota Factory is India's first black and white web series created by TVF (Freely available on YouTube). As the name suggests the story tells us of a young boy, who like countless others come to Kota to crack the prestigious IIT-JEE. However, Kota Factory tells a very different story. The story of young students being pressurized by parents and by society as a whole has been explored before (Lankhon me ek , Taare zameen par; to name a few). Kota Factory on the other hand takes us on a journey with Vaibhav (Mayur More) who wants to crack JEE and the difficulties he faces.<br/><br/>The new perspective is refreshing. The series insight-fully takes us into the lives of students and this is highly relatable, as all of us have faced the same thing to varying extents. Each episode then shows us how the protagonist tackles problems with the help of Teachers and friends (and Unacademy which has sponsored the show but not this review :P).<br/><br/>The most striking aspect of the series are the dialogues, which are mind blowing and get straight to the heart of the matter. Jeetu bhayya (Jitendra Kumar) a much-loved professor regularly drops pearls of wisdom. The acting is top notch with each character carving a unique identity for himself/herself. The series is not all study though and features a romantic angle as well.<br/><br/>The music is another brilliant aspect of the series. The opening credit (link below) is something else entirely and the other songs are better than most music Bollywood generates. The cinematography also deserves credit, if you watch closely you will notice a pattern to it.<br/><br/>The last scene of the season is mind blowing. Do not presume the series to be depressing because it is in black and white or because it is related to studies. I highly recommend it to everyone. Its a must watch for teenagers. Especially the humour fits with between the trio. Beautifully portrayed🤗
Short and sweet,inspiring and some added flavour of meena's amazing comic timing and innocence. I am being product of Kota Factory myself, this series was a trip down memory lane. I lived in the same places where protagonist lives. Faced same problems and fears during my year at Kota. Jeetu bhaiya is inspirational and one of the best actors to come out of the TVF and web-series culture. He perhaps is the product of Kota factory himself understood the soul of the show and gave a fantastic performance whenever he came on screen. Vaibhav being the same dreamy eyed boy like we were during those years of our life. I also a crush on fellow a girl. Doing those DPPs, studying for hours is what student life is not what is showed on movies like SOTY. It's not about songs and competition for us Engineers. It's about 3 things only Physics Chemistry and Mathematics. All the things are reflected in a right direction. As an MBBS drop out, this show haunted me. But, it is the SHEER REALISM of emotions that makes this show stand out.<br/><br/>There are weak points, I hated the love story scenes, too cheesy too stereotypical.<br/><br/>Despite IIT, India is not at the top of the world, not in Science, not in Engineering. I am sure India is at the top in talent.<br/><br/>Why?<br/><br/>Knowledge is not at the centre, exams are.<br/><br/>Phir Kahan se aayenge nobel prize? (Translation : How then will we bag nobel prizes?)<br/><br/>This show is so special, it impacted me too much, it's life CHANGING!<br/><br/>Why?<br/><br/>There is a dialogue, the concept goes like this:<br/><br/>When you work too hard for something and don't achieve it, you lose a lot, a part of you is broken, and may not be fixed ever.<br/><br/>Is it still worth trying?<br/><br/>Is Failure too hard a cost?<br/><br/>Kota factory made me realize, I am broken, perhaps permanently. Student life complete shown from friends to teacher and a cute love story. Can't believe how they portrayed the struggles of Kota, reality of Kota in just 5 episodes... Everything was so realistic and so relatable. Perfectly crafted... Each & every character was raw. They could portray the brighter & the darker side at the same time . That is something you rarely find Brings back some wonderful and horrendous memories, IIT preparations , Pressure of coaching competition.. This show portrays all of that wonderfully. A must watch series for every one. That says it all really. Eagerly waiting for a second season! Yes, Sacred Games and Mirzapur might amaze you. But, the fact is you can not watch it with your family. Kota Factory by TVF is by far the best web series made in India. The series captures the lives of IIT aspirants as it is. The black and white monochrome tone and the Cinematography has made it a masterpiece. Loved it... Wonderful acting, Wonderful Script , Direction ...Masterpiece!!! An excellent webseries and it's my favorite one everyone's acting is awesome.a must watch webseries with a great storyand good camera work..😍😍 I dropped to prepare for IIT so this web series kinda give me chills because I was able to feel the series from Vaibhav Pandey's POV which was beautifully portrayed by Mayank More..aur Jeetu Bhaiya kya khene apke!!! This Web series is THE BEST Indian web series I've watched till date, I JUST LOVE IT It show how students suffer in kota the acting skill of all people in web series is awsome and jitu bhaiya is the ultimate actor of kota factory awsome If I say it is super se uper it's not
Because it is incredible here is not a word that I say for it . we can't explain about it in our words. It is the real story. It have a really truthful facts. It's the best bollywood T.V show you all will relate to this
So all the students there go watch it Tvf always gives you a pleasure of watching original content. I love the role of Jeetu Bhaiya and even the life shown in Kota. Best series.Most realistic one till the date. Love u all.Waiting eagerly for the season 2 Must watch series if u are student
The cinematography of the series is top although it was black and white
The acting done by cast members was excellent.
The series was well written and we are waiting for it season2 Pure perfection at free of cost
A must watch for all
Superb cast, superb dialogues Definitely one of the best webseries & students can relate their life in these amazing characters.... Looking forward for season 2 I luv this web series.. It's an emotion not a show I just love all the characters and each and everyone is amazing at their place. Just love it. Kota Factory has motivated me to the core.. Thank you to the team... Revathi is Love 😍😘 Reminded me of my good old struggling days. Realistic. They always touch our hearts fills it with emotion connects us with their story and characters....only one word for them awwwesooome....keep doing this team tvf...u people left no scope for criticism. I havent such a clean show being this entertaining and funny, amazing writing, amazing cinematography, amazing direction and great acting by all the characters.. TVF has done an excellent job. Kota factory is absolutely amazing web series till date. The emotion it brings out are speechless.
The cast just feels so real, hats off to all the hardwork and dedication to amazing talent. The best series i have been ever seen, such a fabulous series. The story line is really amazing, the way of acting done by mayur more is really appreciative. All the actors har done a great job. The shooting is very much descent. Excellent series.Must watch.Depicting the true life of 11-12 science students As Always watch tvf webshows and it is top rated and liked tvf pitchers and kota factory are the best You guys are an example that acting is not possess by just bollywood nepotism , Real talent is here... #kota_factory I just lived every moment of this webseries because they showed the ground reality at the best level.
Live you TVF & Kota factory Please make season 2 ASAP. Script, Script and Script!
A strong script and equally supporting characters is what an entertaining show demands, that is what properly decoded by Team K.F.<br/><br/>P.S. : The show is not about suicides (basically problems) happening with IIT / AIPMT aspirants at Kota but about tackling challenges (aka problems) life.
Dhuunn Do!! One of the best webseries ever
All characters are so real and consistent If you're smartest in the class, you're in the wrong class!
Everyone needs a person like Jeetu bhaiya in their life, not to do well in studies but in life.
What a script..What a show..What a cast..Mind blowing!👌 The most good thing about this series is it matches the realityof our education system. Acting and writing is excellent.<br/><br/>Watch it
Enjoy it
After finish the series you can see the colours in B&W. Performance and screenplay connected start to end in entertaining way. It's one of best tribute to the struggling student of Kota or any IIT coaching. I have not reviewed webseries but this would be my first time.
I have watched so may series made in India which I enjoy very much but this one feels so personal.
It helps you understand the mentality of a young student and also give you the reasoning.<br/><br/>That last episode line by Uday helped me understand why my parents are the way they are. TVF is amazing.... What an amazing story ..must watch... This is A emotion.based on every student in kota i love this series. Fun, Drama, Love, Friendship, Education and many more things you could find out here on TVF's web series, KOTA FACTORY!! bohot pyaar❤ Although I don't watch many series but just for change I started watching kota factory since it was India's first black n white series it was so good that it dragged me to watch up to final episode dialogue delivery was really great,screenplay, script,acting we're really awesome hope they come up with second season soon The characters were at their best ! It makes a flow throughout the story ! Well done tvf hope soon comes the more season of kota factory . Cant describe best series i have ever seen. Its so good nah the story the characters their acting etc Not the story of every Kota goer but they will for sure have atleast one friend who shares a character from this sketch.<br/><br/>Hope they make another season. Best series ever made on students life ! Covered the whole spectrum of student teacher emotion ! Acting was top notch by each and every character ! Jeetu bhai and meenu deserves standing ovation ! Story telling is master piece and the cinematography is far better than some movies.
TVF done great work and acting is also plus point. Emotions, struggle and pressure that a student handles in day to day life explained very well. Actors are superb. The way jeetu bhaiyya speaks and helps his students out be it any problem is what one can listen continuously. Loved characters Meena and Meenal, and Udays monologue.<br/><br/>Dialogues like parents ke decision galat ho sakte hai niyat nahi, and in final ep, when Vaibhav says "tension mat le, 21 din sirf 21 din ki mehnat hai uske baad rang apne aap chadhne lagega" and the video turns to color from black and white. Meena's acting is super se bhi ooparrrrr. What a storyline, what a direction. Everybody's acting is soo natural. Jeetu bhaiya is as usual fab. And the most realistic series everrrr This show may be in black and white, but its content is gold!! Asome casting team kota factory. The name has one significane. Waiting for part 2. Above heading says it all. Salute to the series & TVF. I don't have words to give justice to the shear brilliant performances in the series. Definitely a must watch! Kota factory is the one of the favorite series by TVF, i just loved it, the best part is the character they are looks like real and story is also awesome. I think every teenager who want to be IITian, they must watch it. Awesome..Good story acting everything..Very nicemnjhff6uceehhbswtve5hXw3yvdthb Things we need when we want some entertainment .
Best Indian web series ever tbh. It undoubtedly the best creation of TVF after Pitchers.
Awesome acting good story and on top of that the storytelling is awesome. KJ look at this and look at SOTY2 and go die yourself
KOTA FACTORY a gem web series this proves what kind of talented people we have in INDIA This is one of the best web series based on real problems faced by students now like those fake things shown in Bollywood.
Highly Recommended & must watch if you are a student . A quality presentation from TVF... Bollywood needs to learn something from this. Best web series ever. TV shows like 'sasuraal simar ka' which does not contribute anything to the society should learn something from this series and the writing is exceptionally well. An amazing effort by Tvf providing us what we want. A series which is black n white but doesnot feel like. It privides ios real life situatiin and heartearming and emotional filled scenes which makes i cry. Excellent script, presentation of students life in kota is very upto the mark Watching this web series made me go back to the time i was preparing for iitjee. The final episode was love. And so was Revathi as Vartika😂 My favorite web series KOTA FACTORY is amazingg... Heart touching, comedy, pyaar ka punchnama😁😂!!
Jeetu Bhaiya and Meena is 😍 💜 Thank you tvf for such a wonderful series and cast . Every character have own importance and everyone have done his job awesomely.
I want second season of this series . Some people have said that Kota Factory is Average, I would say it is Genius because to represent an average topic in an interesting and meaningful manner is truly Genius What can I say that would add anything to this series? Ok, may be this, I often cringe at the on screen portrayal of love, I always felt it misses the mark on innocence, passion, shyness and the possible futility of the entire exercise. I didn't cringe watching KF's portrayal, neither did I cheer. Nothing else to add. What a screenplay! What a background score! Great acting ! I've got goosebumps in few of the scenes and tears in the others. Must watch for all the engineers of India. This has been one of the finest works ever done bybtge TVF Team.
The two word that describes the whole web series is
"NOSTALGIA" and "REALITY".
For all the Actors ,the Director , Writers ,Musician the one word would be "Respect"
We as Indians always complain (including me) about the entertainment ecosystem of India and say that there is no quality content available for us to get entertained and a sense of reality is also not there but after watching this series you will rethik about the allegations.
No wonder why web series is going to be the next big thing of entertainment in India and TVF would be the pioneers of it as they have been for so many years now . Never expected it to be great but the way it turned out was beyond expectations. Truly, a very well made series. Every character was well written and it reminded me of my school days and so-called-IIT-ki-prep. All i can say that u will even forget that the the entire series is in b/w,,,,Superb storytelling and fantastic acting,,,can't get realistic more than this Top series of TVF as well as India still now. Every character played their role just perfectly. I couldn't miss a single second of any of the episodes. If still now you haven't finished it yet don't waste your time and finish it. Waiting for the next season. I am not the Biggest Critique , i have seen people giving 7 stars to Shawshank n Usual Suspects but i have gave both of them n TVF 's Kota Factory 10 just Because each One of these were Realistic , Entertaining & " feel good " movies/series... I don't know how much Foreigners will Relate to this but i urge every indian living in india to Watch this & Immature ( Another TVF's show on MX Player ) & i am pretty sure you will get 100's of Nostalgic n Deja Vu Moments . BEST TVF SERIES & Please make Season 2 Asap That Smile of Shivangi.
Uday's innocence accepting his failure n Respect for Parents.
Jeetu Bhaiya ka Stardom Positive influencing.
Meena's emotional line you study don't think about meeting.
Killer expression when Vartika replies "You Will" to Vaibhav.
Yahan Hum Pigal Gaye Emotional kar diya sachi Love to entire team what a series Bravo !!! One of the best Indian Television Series I have ever seen. It has lots of moments which would give you goosebumps. You will feel confident, romantic, jealous, tensed , proud and lots of other emotions with the flow as the show proceeds. The show describes the struggle & life of IIT aspirants beautifully in the Indian city of Kota. Do watch, not just for entertainment, but also to understand & feel the emotions of the students. This series gets better with every episode.I was wondering what difference does it make to have a black and white series, but it actually gives a different feel to everything.Best Cinematic shots, such rich characters and I'm in love with Jeetu Bhaiya.The bittersweet finale tops it all, thank you TVF for keeping your quality always great. Seriously good acting by all characters especially jeetu bhiya 👍 Best in the market now.
Plot, acting ,storyline everything is just perfect.
If you want to relive your teenage life no other place will be better than this for you. Best web series for the students. And u will watch this at once This is the best Indian web series based on Indian education system and how a student try very hard to select in IIT-JEE examination. The popularity of this series crossed the popularity of secret games, streamed through Netflix. TVF make this series very realistic and in black and white. People want the 2nd season very soon. We are very excited. It's something that I have never seen before in Indian contents , it's very true to reality and nothing like Bollywood drama . Few words are just not enough for this masterpiece. I just watched thw whole series and was unable to understand the fact that is has ended :( a masterpiece Its a master piece ... Its filled with emotion, fun and brilliant acting.
Hope they make season 2 .. Watch this series to get reality life check of engineering aspirants. If you are or you were an engineering aspirant, it doesn't matter weather you have been to Kota or not, trust me, you will relate to each and every moment of this series.
You will feel like, you are watching your story on screen.
A must must watch. It's so awesome and relatable. Thanks TVF. now eagerly waiting for Season 2 It was not a show it was an experience. Not only did it teach some of the most important lessons in life but also depicted a very harsh reality in a way that engages you and leaves you wanting for more. TVF is back ...... With the GOT season 8 not living upto the expectations this series has come like a breath of fresh air this summer. Loved the writing and the cinematography in this WS. It looks haunting at first but you slowly get used to it. Jeetu as usual is very real and easily blends into this Cool Prof cum Guide cum Friend role. This series is a master piece. direction and editing are too good.the way they represented students life in kota is totally authentic. Loved it. Thank you TVf Idk who directed and wrote this, but thanks. Waiting for season 2 Story sunana kisi ko ata h toh wo TVF It is not only applicable for IIT it is applicable for CA
However i thought they would suicide in kota factory
But TVF U R BEAUTIFUL This is a first time I have seen a series which gives so accurate depiction of a real life. But there are things that are left out from the real thing, the Negative Side of it. But apart from that, all the things that are shown are true and aspiring. Worth watching, takes back in those times... No one would have shown enough courage to bring up an black and white web series than TVF .Not only the story in phenomenal and true but the dialogues too have created separate Fan bases.Great job TVF Now this is what called a pure masterclass.....
I wish that oneday.... Our bollywood might create such stuffs...
Bt for that its required the zenith mind of directors and writers which are currently at digitial platform....
And as the name is Kota Factory.... It obviously conveys the story of all the aspirants of JEE-Main... And how they spend their life stressfully in kota.... Bt still this is unmatched and no words for that...
All Hail Down to TVF
All hail down!!!!! This series is a masterpiece and must watch for everyone.The Content is very strong and fresh.There are many happy,sorrow and joyful moments in this series.It's the Best Web Series ever made.Thanks TVF for presenting such a phenomenal content. If you ever prepared for engineering or medical exams specially in any institute which reside in Rajasthan, then this web series will take you to your past and you will feel like this is my story or its my friends story.
Acting is awesome, all characters are very well played. You will love them. This series is depicts students life in Kota.
If you never prepared for entrance exams you will still like this series because of its good story, direction and acting. Its much much better then Student of Year like fake college life movies. Go to youtube and watch it. Kota factory is not just a web series, it is description of what students go through in kota. This series lacks only one thing and that is boring clichÃ© story arcs. The whole series is in the black and white which is how student lives are in kota.
Characters are so true, we never feel that they are actors. Every person in the making of this gem is very true to their craft. And special shout out to creator saurabh khanna and the director raghav subbu. Always love tvf. Great content.. Great execution. Best place for entertainment with knowledge. Perfect!! I feel pity for those who gave rating less than It deserves (10). It's damn nostalgic. Mind Boggling Series ,Give a try. Awesome experience of 11th and 12th science. Great acting and awesome screenplay makes it one of the best online series. It's soothing yet scary at the same time. It provides you that glimmer of hope while at the same time giving you a harsh reality check. It is a show about aspirations, dreams, and how its burden may sometimes be too much for students. A mirror of the current education system, this show is pure gold when it comes to putting forward the plight of students while at the same time making you laugh. Jeetu bhaiyya will steal your heart with his effortless acting. The entire cast is a joy to watch. It is the best YouTube series I have ever watched Amazing acting and good script Yes ! As always thus time also tvf made it to the fullest. They showed every detail of a JEE aspirant's life. I loved the cast and their natural act. One of the best T.V series i have watched after a very long time afeer THE PITCHERS !!!! A fantastic show by TVF expected nothing less of them. The actors are IITians and the show actually depicts the actual struggles of a JEE aspirant and the fun side of preparation and a way of living the life Fantastic show by TVF. This actually depticts the actual struggles of a JEE aspirant and the fun aide of the preparation What a amazing bunch of characters they have put in this web series! Excellent.
Each and every character is extraordinarily entertaining.
All the actors playing these characters are so genuine in their work that I have to pinch myself and make Myself realise that it's acting.
This episode has epic sum of innocence,love, friendship and comedy.
It has a lovely story. 😍
The background music is super awesome. Where do we get such brilliant music for a web series! The songs are lovely and soothing to hear! Yup, kota is fun, so this is everything you gonna see.. And much more always the best in fun and in studies of course haha One word MASTERPIECE!! U would feel nostalgic if u have ever prepared for entrances. Every episodes teach you about daily struggle of students life ..tvf is best in portraying story. It's damn so real and fantastic you will cry , laugh and you will enjoy this entire series.. 😍😍😍😘😘😍😘😍 On the best youtube show regarding engineering prepartion. This series is best series i have ever watched, which sums up the real life story of every 12th student. One Of The Bestt Showss Ever Made In India And Available OnnYoutube...Script ,Direction ,Acting ,Music ..Everythingg Beautifully Presented..Best Of TVF..Thank You For This!! Every single character acts so beautifully ... Loved the series ... Thanks tvf Great writting, great acting, great music & great cinematography One of the best Indian Web Series that we are witnessing right now. Only one episode is left but it feels like that this series shouldn't get over. We want to see more of it. I really loved the whole content in all four episodes released till now.
Taking in black and white is an other asset to this series.
Cast and crew, photography, and background music are also the main positives for Kota factory. Realistic depiction has been a strength of TVF and it continues with this show. Great writing, good acting and amazing feel! To start off, TVF has produced some quality content for the digital platforms over the years, and can be considered as a flagbearer as alternative content for the Indian market. Quite understandably so, the TV to TVF switch by the quality content-starved Indian youth is justified. A reason behind TVF's success is the uniqueness they bring in their shows, which might be considered run-of-the-mill in some parts of the world, but not where they operate.<br/><br/>However, that is missing in their latest venture - Kota Factory, The series starts off well. The first episode successfully establishes the place, the characters, and the main plot.The plot grows nicely into the second episode, where we take a closer look at the personal lives of the students in a pressure-cookeresque make or break situation. As we delve deeper into the protagonist's life, we undertake a focus shift (literally also, which was brilliantly done by the cinematography department) into an avoidable romantic angle. To an extent, Varthika's story could have worked as a great addition to the main plot, but the show becomes just another teenage show when it becomes predominant. Cute cupid enters, the romance-oozing teens have a treat, and the 'we've seen it all' storyline follows - How the protagonist is head over heels for the girl, love at first sight, desperate attempt and consequent sacrifices to win over her, inability to put emotions to words, and finally, the most darnest MCQ of them all - A) Career B) Love. Unfortunately, both A and B is not an option here. This arc looks eerily familiar. To add to it, some melodramatic (yet well-written) dialogues, melancholic scenes, age-old tales of lost friendship and rusting bonds. But can they not decide which path to take? Sure, but in that case, the story fails to do justice to the title. Jeetu Bhaiya, Meena and Uday reminds us that we are still in Kota. Elsewhere, the creators do a great job with B/W and the shift to colour at the time when finally the protagonist's character takes an attitudinal turn. Some might claim that it was expected, as the shift with respect to the content isn't something new. The songs blend well with what is being portrayed.<br/><br/>TVF has produced some great shows over the years, and will continue to do so. It is good to see the overwhelming reviews Kota Factory is receiving, as we are finally turning to alternative content. The show had a lot of potential. The flight took-off superbly, it was going well, but then...... First 2 episodes were quite good,they quickly transport u in the world of Kota,You begin to relate with characters and start digging for them,Jeetu Bhaiya is a very supportive teacher who never leaves his students in their difficult times..Main problem of the series is the love angle they introduced in the 4th episode it really ruined the essense of the series it turned into a bollywood like love story for an episode,Ending wasn't really satisfying.
For me I'll go with 6.5 out of 10 Please don't eate too high. Its good but not that much great. What was there in show other than how to run the show and gain popularity throw marketing and it was not at all funny or exciting or nice dialogue or anything. TVF has gone useless The first episode is awesome, it sets the tone and episode 2 dwells on it and build up the characters.
But episode 4 and 5 lost the bulid up adding the generic teenage love drama which took me off. I was expecting a moment where jeetu bhaiya goes out of his way, and he would be an underdog teaching avanger students and making them crack IIT. But nothing like that happens, he tells his student to move on, which wasn't a bad advice, but it didn't turned out that satisfying when we compare their chemistry in first 2 episodes. Overall it was an enjoyable series, solid dialogues, and in such small budget they pulled this off. So Kudos to everyone who worked on this show. The last 2 episodes could have been way better. As the name suggests, Kota is now turned into a factory where if the goods produced are consumable than its good but if they are defective they are discarded off.<br/><br/>From a beautiful town to a city of educational business, city has seen through a lot.<br/><br/>This Web series completely describes how students are forced& pressurized to do IIT and NEET preparations from Kota.<br/><br/>Even thou TVF has just released the single episode but the way its told is amazing.<br/><br/>Will edit my opinion once the Web series gets another episodes. The most brilliant show. The concept of black and white is so beautiful engaged that it leaves a long lasting impact. Acting of all cast is amazing. Specially Jitu. I watched the whole series in like a day because it was like trending all over social media and turns out I really love it. It goes over every prespective from constipation to first love to distribution of batches normally I don't feel bad about the ending but the ending was wayyyyyyyy too good for a web series. I love jeetu bhaiya what a champ loving him since pitchers. He'll go far . Over all a feel good series which will give you a beautiful nostalgia. 😍😍 one of the best web series
Why go for GOT when there is KF and jeetu bhaiya😍😍😍 This web series is good but overrated .
I can't believe that this web series has 9.2 rating This series started out as a promising one with its first episode. But then, it was a little downhill from there.<br/><br/>Of Course I do understand that it potrays the reality of Indian coaching system. But, the introduction of a love plotline and on top of that, a really bad actor to play it out! It really subverted my expectations that I had from the positive reviews of other viewers. Watched this Series Because Everyone was Raving about it and afcourse because it was by TVF but was Extremely disappointed by the Series , The Love Angle is Just Irritating and out of the place Only Good thing In This Series Is Jeetu's Performance and dialouges !!! Far from reality. Actors are talented but Dramatic acting leaves it in bad taste.
Excellent Score.
Excellent direction.
Extras are nowhere near the level of the main casts. Wonder what the finale may hold. It's being highly rated because of nostalgia. Tvf pitchers and hostel daze are much better than this boring series. Just because you can relate it doesn't mean you will give it 10 stars. I watched almost every good Hollywood series ....when I talk about India , after Pitcher which is the best series of India ,TVF created a boring series which doesn't have any punches ....it's a straight line show like a dead line ....boring n time waste ......no story line ....no motivation .....made series on loosers who are in greed of getting seat in IIT...objective, entertainment, motivation are missing which should be part of every series ... Thanks The acting was great but the storyline wasn't good enough and the should extend the episodes I thought it would cover all the aspect of Kota life not only love and humour I lived in kota when this came out, and was very excited to watch it, It delivers what we expected but sometimes it felt slow and boring. It captures life in kota pretty well but still some at some instances it felt unreal and unrelatable. I would just like to address that don't make an image of kota in your head watching this. In reality its way more tense and fun at the same time😁 It is not as good series as it is rated . story plot is beyond reality Good story line
4th ep unnecessary
...........
1st and last ep excellent
Jeetu bhaiya rocks