This franchise has obviously become a parody. It seems that a very high number of the World's population serve the High Table. They're everywhere, behind every corner, but they cannot kill one single man, even if they stab, shoot, throw him from the hotel roof or hit him with a car at full speed. And the Head of this "powerful organization" lives among camels in an African desert ... There are some entertaining moments, however the numerous fighting scenes become dull after a while. I liked the first two movies, both had a meaning behind all the action that takes place, this movie the plot is weak and the fight scenes way too long for the weak plot. Keanu still portrays his character as the Boogeyman really well, I enjoyed it but just felt it dragged on a bit much and the fight scene especially with Halle could have been cut down. Hollow plot interspersed with the most boring fighting scenes ever. Dozens and dozens of inept villains, who are there just to be shoot. Gone are the fresh sequences of the first movie.
Super-uninteresting main villain. Very poor climax. Twists, just for the sake of twists. It seems like there's nobody out there capable of writing a movie anymore. This films is like watching someone else play a video game, and that someone has put in the immortality cheat. After 15-20 minutes, it's dull, repetitive and then ultimately stupid and lacking in any humanity. Apparently people only use one hand to fight and actually look like they are waiting until they are allowed to punch the main character.
Super unrealistic when compared to the first two movies.
Way too staged to be a good action film.
Also, Hale Berry has a handgun with 67 bullets at some point... So this is the first review I've wrote. Anyway, I don't know where these people are coming from that call the movie exciting, non-stop, incredible, OMG, etc. To be clear, I loved the first John Wick. The second one to me was eh because it got really silly with the whole "high table" and medallions and basically everyone in the world is a contract killer, etc. John Wick 3 is basically the second one, only on PCP.<br/><br/>The entire 3rd film is literally like watching someone play a video game with god mode on. Nothing stops him. He gets stabbed in the neck, that's ok. Stitch it up, move on. People fire hundreds of rounds at him. It's ok, they all missed. He gets hit with two cars literally back to back. He just gets up. Hell, he gets shot point blank 5/6 times and falls out of a 4th or 5th story balcony, bounces off of everything and splats on the street, it's ok, he's still alive and just "angry" now. The entire movie is just and endless line of contract killers coming up to Wick and them fighting.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I love action movies and like I said, I loved the first one. Without a good story though, it's just silly. After about 45/50 minutes, you literally start shaking your head because it just becomes really repetitive. A friend of mine asked me how the movie was afterward. It can be summed up as "everyone goes after Wick, everyone dies, the end." The movie is also left wide open for a sequel which just blew my mind. Just stop. The movie was the equivalent of someone who was playing GTA3 their first time, just running around and shooting and killing everything that moves. This universe, created without any source material, had to develop and expand itself in every new film. The same fiction can not be made for each film. We don't know if Derek Kolstad had thought that John Wick would be this big when he first created it, but when we came to the third film it seems clear how the story deepened and became beautiful.<br/><br/>This film offers you all kinds of action. The film has a unique style of action. Any action you can think of is included in the third film. Moreover, exponentially! The enemies are increasingly jumping. As we saw in the trailer, there is even a horse escape scene. There's so much more to it. At this point, sometimes there can be a small illusion in the viewer. Only action-oriented films can be considered empty. We can say that John Wick 3 offers almost uninterrupted action for 2 hours and 10 minutes. But in doing so, it doesn't forget the story. You will learn new and very interesting details of John Wick and you will get new ideas about the functioning of the universe.<br/><br/>Stahelski has very impressive shots.The main venues preferred for the main fights were especially appreciated. The fact that the director's vision is so blended with Keanu Reeves and other actors is very effective on the traceability of the film. Stahelski deserves great praise.<br/><br/>The film also brings new characters. One of them is Sofia, played by Halle Berry. Obviously the audience will love Sofia. Halle Berry has done a great job. Mark Dacascos is one of our main villains; He portrayed the character Zero in the film.<br/><br/>Among the action films, it was both a strong story and an ambitious way of action. I think that the action-lovers will be pleasure separated from this film. 9/10 A pointless orgy of violence without any plot, any depth in characters anything at all besides nonstop killing. Spoiler Alert...this movie is AWFUL.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the first two installments of the John Wick franchise, so was looking forward to this movie. I've walked out of three movies in my life, and this one was nearly number four had I not been there with my 19-year-old son who seemed to be enjoying it. To me it was nothing more than watching someone play a first person shooter video game.<br/><br/>There was NO story.
There was NO character development.
While the fight scenes were well done, they were too long, too frequent, and frankly they were BORING.<br/><br/>This movie was painfully boring.<br/><br/>Halle Berry was AWFUL.
The dialogue was AWFUL.<br/><br/>I want my $16 and 2.5 hours back. Maybe my review will not be relevant to everyone, as I crave more of a inner consistency in a movie, which completely lacked here. I mean, gruesomely kill several people in the packed New York subway and no one notices a thing? And bodies disappear when angle is switched. Come. On.<br/><br/>The whole movie had a huge "Ultraviolet" feeling. Just pile random characters on, and then slaughter most of them without much of a development or explanation how they fit in the plot. Rush somewhere, kill everyone in sight, cut to the next scene which is just the same as the last one. Over and over and over until the cliche "end" which was just an opening for the Chapter 4 movie.<br/><br/>I loved the first one, second one was a bit over the top, this one was just ridiculous top to bottom. The movie was actually interrupted because of some false alarm at the theatre five minutes before the end. If it was more than that we would not bother going back in to finish watching it.<br/><br/>The biggest joke of itself was the character Zero moment at the bench. It felt like cut out of Despicable Me. The only thing missing there was the Squid Launcher. And he is supposed to be THE toughest thug in the movie? Pull the other one, it has bells on.<br/><br/>Three stars for the Morocco fight scene, that was a beauty. But it did not save me and my wife exchanging "are you bored too?" glances half the time anyway, so no more than that. Sadly the third John Wick film has deteriorated into a mindless, plotless, overly violent action scene that lasts for 2 hours. Zero plot, typical anti-male female characters, ridiculous levels of gore beyond what is needed. It's a clear indication that either the population is getting dumber that we have so many 10/10 reviews for this movie, or people are being paid to post positive reviews.<br/><br/>Either way I do not recommend this movie if you have an IQ of over 50 as you will just get bored and walk out like a lot of people did when I watched it. The first John Wick film was special because it broke a mold of sorts. It went against certain action film conventions - the hero was not a muscle bound hulk like a Schwarzenegger or Stallone, the action was super fast paced, the plot was basic and straighforward, but introduced some unique elements, and there was something a bit unique and stylish about the film. John Wick was cool.<br/><br/>Then they made a sequel. And while the second film was more ridiculous, less believable, and not as good on any level, it was still John Wick, and still enjoyable.<br/><br/>But this third film is out of ideas and is simply rehashing the same things again for a payday (and hey, people seem to like it, so I can't fault them entirely). The magic is gone and it's just another over the top action film. In their attempt to mine more movies out of what was the barest of bare bones plots to start with, they have had to resort to ever increasing gratuitous violence and fight scene gimmicks. I'm no wilting rose, but even I was a bit unsettled by the casual nature of the violence in this film, which surely has one the highest body counts of any film in recent history. It was so over the top it became a bit cartoonish, like watching a video game. There was even the concept of John fighting a series of progressively more important and more difficult "bosses," just like a video game. John Wick 3 is watchable.... but barely. Rating 10/10
I was able to catch an advanced screening of this movie on 13th of may 2019. One words i can say here is 'amazing' yes ... this movie so amazing !! One of the best action movie i ever seen. All the fighting scenes were choreographed wonderfully according to my opinion. Excellent acting performance by Keanu Reeves a.k.a John Wick. The guns shooting scenes were entirely cool. I would recommend this movie to any fans of action movie. You won't find a better movie of this type in the theatre right now and for the fans out there who appreciate this material, it will provide a memorable experience. Go see it you wont regret it. After 30 minutes or so I thought it was a mistake and I was watching a new Rambo movie. That's what this "waste of time" AKA movie is.
John wick kills more people than Rambo and also, no bullet can stop him. Either his enemies have terrible aim or he can dodge bullets like in the matrix (yes, I know his suit is bulletproof but his head is not). He even got the skills to take out 6 or 7 ninjas... damn, can somebody ever stop him?<br/><br/>To sum is up, all you're gonna see in this one is: shoot, shoot, kill, shoot, shoot, reload and some more shooting.<br/><br/>The last sequence when he falls is also pathetic. Turns out he's got wolverine healing powers now.<br/><br/>I'm not going to waste my time with the 4th one, that I can guarantee you. This is was the greatest viewing experience of a film I have had in a cinema since Jurassic Park came out in 1993. With amazing set designs, incredible character building, action sequences that are perfectly choreographed and three canine actors that are either too badass or too cute to handle. This is one of the, if not, most ambitious films with a flawless execution. A visual masterpiece that shows that Chad Stahelski as an action film director, is a force to be reckoned with. ...totally over-rated. I enjoyed the first 10 mins and thought it was going to be good, but it quickly became the most irritating film I have seen this year and after just half hour it was hard to watch. In the first 10 mins the story is already set, he is pronounced excommunicado which means he has no access to any help or recourse , he is cut off and a huge bounty is placed on his head, from then on everyone, everywhere knows him and is after the bounty, every road he walks in and every door he walks through he finds about 50 people he needs to kill so it is literally and execution by the second repeated over and over and over and over, and after 1 hour of being irritated so much it was over for me, thankfully, I turned it off 2 hours of senseless violence, a total waste of cinema space.<br/><br/>Unless you only want to see constant head shots and pathetic fight scenes, about this like the plague. 8/10? Are you effing kidding me? No story, nothing even resembling to a plot, 2 hours and 10 minutes of dull, boring action and exchange of some words that apparently were written to pass as dialogues between characters. Acting is beyond terrible including Keanu Reeves and Halle Berry.
I very much like to know the demographic of those whom have rated this "movie" 9 or 10. Probably teenage guys who play video games 12 hours a day!
First movie was good, second was terrible and this is a disaster. Cinematic disappointments year that is 2019 continues... John wick has become an action movie icon over the past few years, and with a reputation like such there a standards to be met with an addition to this beloved franchise, this film meets them all. Delivering on all accounts John wick: chapter 3- parabellum is proof that sequels can add on to their predecessors and it just recycle old material. Lets contemplate about components of perfect action movie for a moment- What makes action movies special. Is it it's characters, is it ability to create fantastic choreography or maybe new, shiny special effects. Is it sound design or perhaps a good story ? What will elevate action movie to a new heights? What you need to do to create an instant classic? John Wick 3 creators might not have found all the answers but they definitely created something special and unique.<br/><br/>John Wick Parabellum is a direct continuation to the previous movie. It picks up just after 2nd movie finishes, just when John Wick is about to be made excommunicado. The first 20 minutes of the movie are really special and I enjoyed it immensely. John Wick needs to escape from the never ending wave after wave of assassins who try to collect very large bounty put on his head. In a city filled with assassins controlled by secretive yet very powerful and feared organization this is not an easy task. Assassins are everywhere here, on every corner of every street, which actually begs a question. Are there are any normal people left in the world?<br/><br/>The stunts from the start to finish were really special, some of them really unique and brutal. People were gasping in the cinema, me including. The sheer unfiltered violence and constant fight for survival, this movie does this well. There was even a fantastic sequence featuring German shepherds, the scene with the dogs added more excitement to brutal showcase of John Wick's and Halle Berry's gun skills. It felt like a continues shot, maybe even it was. When camera was rolling and following dogs attacking army of villains, this was very fluid and kept me on my toes from start to finish. Let me tell you this again, this movie does this sort of action really, really well.<br/><br/>Where it falls short is the actual story. There was an opportunity here to do more with the story, unfortunately it took a backstage here or maybe even left the fast moving Wick's car and stayed on the side lines as what we got here is a predictable plot with predictable twists and really not that interesting main character. Even Polar has better story than JW. John's motives are confused here, his choices do not make much sense and his strategic thinking leaves a lot to be desired.<br/><br/>It does not work for John's benefit, it makes him rather not so special - a flat and shallow character, apart of amazing survivability skills he has nothing else to offer. Is he really just a blunt weapon, tip of the spear, instrument of destruction. What is the whole point of this destructive adventure? We have here this faceless organization, their cruel motives and ways, their world dominance. Movie fails to explain this to us more. The story and subsequently the movie is lacking depth !<br/><br/>Remember that this is a pure action movie, however special it is, misses this final piece of the puzzle in its attempt of becoming instant classic and is sadly just punching above waist, becoming average movie which will definitely entertain you but will leave you begging for answer and more, more sense and more emotions. I will keep it simple for you, If action is what you are looking for, you will not be disappointed here. Great action scenes, ofcourse...
If everyone is looking for you, why are you walking in the midle of the street?
No real motives of the characters, no good story, just dumb. Fantastically choreographed action, especially in the first 30 minutes. After that, it drops off a bit in my opinion up until the final sequence.<br/><br/>Certainly an enjoyable movie, but I wouldn't go near this unless I absolutly loved action movies. It's' just straight up action. That's it. If you like that, you will love this.<br/><br/>Personally though, after about 60 minutes I got a bit tired of the movie, As much as the actions scenes are great, they lacked unqiue elements later on in the movie. There's only so many times someone getting headshotted can be entertaining.<br/><br/>I gets a 7 from me, good cinematography, great choreography, average acting at best, okayish script (did not like the ''ending'') John Wick is excommunicado. Prepare for 2 hours of epicness<br/><br/>Parabellum is one continuing ride of top tier action sequences. The choreography is epic and creative. The movie is absolutely brutal. The pleasant surprise is that the movie is filled with genuine hilarious comedic moments.<br/><br/>Parabellum is easily the best one so far. Great surprise John Wick 3 is without a doubt the best action movie to have come out in a few years. And its so surprising and refreshing to see that movies like this still exist. Most action movies you see is filled with ridiculous amounts of shaky-cam, fast edits and way over-the-top fights. This is perfect. You can see all action clear as day, and by god the stuns in this film are extraordinary. Why the Academy Awards don't award talent like this is beyond me. There were times that I wondered if they had used CGI, because someone nuts must be willing to throw themselves from motorbikes and through glass. But whatever case it is, its a dam joy to watch.<br/><br/>As with the previous 2 installments, John Wick 3 is where Keanu Reeves is at home. This role was just made for him, and watching him stand toe to toe with powerhouses like Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne and Anjelica Huston, not only shows how good he is as an action star, but as an actor in general. He hasn't been given a role this good since the Matrix, but those movies never showed how good he was just at acting. He sells this movie.<br/><br/>The supporting cast is all amazing, and I loved how they left their character's hanging, giving us hope of seeing them in future installments. I also loved how more in-depth the movie spent on world-building. The way it brings in different cultures into this assassin guild is done very well.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is an amazing action movie that never loses its steam throughout, and its 2 hour run times flies past, because of non-stop action that is directed and choreographed to perfection. I can't wait to see if they manage to pull off the 4th like they did here.<br/><br/>8.8/10 There is no way this movie is 8 stars as it ranked currently! The movies story was lacking, and just smh bad. A lot of the stunts were slow, repetitive, and sloppy. Unbelievable and grandiose? Yea they got that in droves. What made the first two chapter so great was how clean, precise, and refined all the action was! Huge fail in chapter three. For example some of the hip tosses, and throws are just not possible to execute as seen with a gun in your hand! But that's not the worst of it. John Wick is a man! Not Superman! They just went to far, and took the realism that was beloved by all, and flushed it down the toilet. There has been much talk about the class system/hierarchy and how the assassins judicial system works. Well it doesn't make much more sense in this chapter either! The punishments don't fit the crime, and visa versa. The only reason this movie has a leg to stand on is because of a Hollywood budget! Strip away that veneer, and you're left with a mediocre B movie. Please stop making more movies in this franchise. There was too much action don't watch it. No story line, just action action action. Outstanding Action Flick and survival! from the first until the last. John Wick keeps on getting better! The fighting and gun shooting sequence is incredibly perfect! just perfect. The crowd goes wooooah when John just being unstopable. Surely surpass its predecessor. Am planning to watch the 2nd time. Truly remarkable action survival movie. 10/10 Really liked the first two John Wicks, this one absolute unadulterated utter TOILET!!!! (I feel sure in their heart of hearts, the actors and crew are fully aware of this), still, fair play to them, still no doubt earned a pretty penny due to us unfortunate souls that spent far too much to see this twoddle at the cinema. Why don't cinemas do refunds for bad films? Never thought about this until this film!! John Wick is no longer a small start-up movie that caught our eye and re-energised the revenge genre. The producers of John Wick, with both eyes clearly on building a profitable franchise, have decided to do a Mission Impossible with The Syndicate and 007 with Spectre, and create a super organisation - The High Table. And with it (roll eyes moment) rules, regulations, protocol etc which are all becoming too often and too much these days.<br/><br/>What this means is, we get an all out action-packed opening of 20-odd minutes before the show becomes a platform for product placements and poorly choreographed fight scenes where you can see Keanu 'acting' more than fighting and in fact, struggling to keep up (and not because he is injured or has been thrown about). The fight scenes, many shot wide angle, do not have the energy and intensity of the opening sequences and there are many, many moments where you feel 'oh come on, John's whole body is open for attack'. Laurence Fishburn, Angelica Houston and Halle Berry are wasted and don't even get me started on Asia Kate Dillon - she is annoying in Billions, even more so here. I am a big fan of the first John Wick, was ho-hum about the sequel but this third one, haiz...can't say I'm looking forward to a 4th instalment. There may be a High Table but there's nothing inviting on it. The choreography in this movie is out of this world and everyone will appreciate it, I was hoping that they could deliver a sequel that would outshine #2 which I already loved and boy did they, do yourself a favor go watch this movie and just sit back and enjoy! I really wanted this movie to be as good as the last 2 but I was disappointed. There was action but something was missing. The soundtrack was recycled from the instrumentals from the original. I love the John Wick soundtrack almost as much as the movie and this one was blah. Where was the car?? Any muscle car? Motorcycles and horses were just not the same. The dogs were awesome and Halle Berry was spot on but too much attention was given building the story arc rather than making sure it still felt like a John Wick movie. I was entertained but it felt like more of a run of the mill action flick instead of the badass movie it could have been. John Wick is old and tired. It would have been best to let him retire, but the cash grab was too tempting. Only because of Keanu Reeves, does this movie make any money. He is the ONLY REASON why it makes money.<br/><br/>The idea that New York has so many assassins, not to forget mentioning all the assassins all over the world, is ridiculous.<br/><br/>The amount of damage John Wick takes is ridiculous. The idea that no, and I mean ZERO police show up, is ridiculous. Specifically speaking about the amount of weapons being shot off, the noise alone would bring police and no, they weren't paid off, and no they aren't all corrupt.<br/><br/>This movie, this plot is worthless.<br/><br/>The choreography is terrible. Several fight scenes Keanu Reeves is blocking before the guy kicks or punches. There are several scenes where the other guy is just standing there waiting for Keanu Reeves to finish is routine with the first guy so that he can turn around and punch him. It's stupid and poorly executed.<br/><br/>Nobody fights like this in real life.<br/><br/>The amount of damage John Wick takes is Wolverine stuff. It is stupid. He gets stabbed once and he is unable to do anything until he gets stitched up. He takes a brutal beating from 50 guys, stabbed, sliced, shot, thrown, yet he gets up and kills 50 guys.<br/><br/>Stupid. I guess a lot of people like to see well choreographed stabbings and shootings. I got bored after about 15 minutes. There is no real plot here, a bounty is put on John Wicks head and about 1,000,000 assassins try to kill him. Who know there were that many assassins in the world? The movie is basically one dance redone 100 times. Just violence with no plot and little humour. It's a sad reflection on society that such rubbish is so well received. I'm no Mary Whitehouse and was raised on Joel Silver and Luc Benson movies, but where as they had humour, heart and plots, this had nothing to offer. Oh dear. This movie is really overrated, boring and has a very bad, ridiculous plot. It's full of pointless, senseless violence for the low-IQ masses to enjoy. The fight scenes are too often, too long and boring but then the scenes between the fights are even more dull. Someone said that watching this movie is like watching someone else playing a video game and I agree. It's like seeing some slacker on meth playing Fortnite. Keanu Reeves used to be a good actor but he's not anymore. I guess he doesn't mind because with such a huge base of fanboys boosting his ratings he doesn't have to try hard at all. Even if someone made a movie of K. Reeves sitting on a toilet for 2 hours they'd praise it, give 10/10 ratings and write 10/10 reviews. And I'm afraid that toilet movie would still be better than "John Wick: Chapter 3". 1/10 This movie is all action that is so unrealistic.. Unless John Wick is Achilles and basically can't be killed this movie is a joke... I loved the 1st one as it had a great plot mixed with some great action scenes... I can't understand why all the good reviews.. It's almost like we watched 2 different movies.... This is a movie that's in search of a plot. Apparently there's some sort of secret society that has a grudge against everybody who hurt its little feelings, but rather than developing that idea in any way, the filmmakers filled up a couple of hours with an interminable series of violent deaths and special effects, mostly taking place in dark or dimly-lit scenes. Unfortunately, I tried to actually watch the movie. Turns out that compiling a body count would have been more interesting. As for Keanu Reeves, his abilities are normally beyond question, but what he does here is NOT acting -- it's just choreography of one fight scene after another. It gets boring mighty fast. What a terrible movie. Where is the PLOT????????? I only saw an UNDYING man fights for 90 minutes and a couple of bad dialogues. Okay the fighting scenes are cool and all, but what's the point? No major deaths nor tense dialogues. I have never been so disappointed! No plot just a 2 hour fight scene, the best acting was from the dogs. Please do not go I lived John Wick but this was just dreadful There is no storyline. John Wick is killing everyone he comes across in the most crazy ways. It's basically a 2 hours unrealistic action scene I loved the first two ...the wit with a semblance of story line . Swarovski and watch advertising relieved any writers in this 3rd movie. Kungfu and guns....even a 14 year old boy would have trouble sitting through this. About 6 months ago I saw a picture of the set of 'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' featuring Keanu Reeves on horseback shooting at motorcyclists. It was such a great looking shot that I have been waiting eagerly to see how it looked in the actual film ever since. It did not let me down. The style this film possesses is insane. It is one of the best looking action films I have ever seen.<br/><br/>The pacing of this film is also incredible. It starts the action immediately and almost never lets up. I can't wait to see what the death count was in this film because it will be truly enormous. The only problem is when the death count is that high the film can struggle to keep the originality up. After a while each death starts to look very similar to the last, and the 50 before that, and it can even become a little tedious to watch.<br/><br/>The only other flaw I came across with the film was that John Wick is on the defence too much. Instead of being angry and on the hunt like the first two films, for the majority of the Chapter 3 he is in survival mode. Still very fun to watch, but it isn't quite the same as seeing him take brutal revenge.<br/><br/>And the film is brutal. I could be wrong but I don't remember the first two entries in the series making me cringe in terms of violence as much. There were some very hard things to watch at times in this movie even for me, and I pride myself on handling those sorts of things fine most of the time. One of them early on got an audible gasp from the entire audience and I saw multiple people having to turn their heads to the side.<br/><br/>'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' is two hours of your life that will pass by very quickly. This is as non-stop action as films get. I think this is the third best action series currently producing movies (after 'James Bond' and 'Mission Impossible'). Will it get a third one? The first entry on the trivia page suggests no, however the end of this movie suggests yes? I guess we will have to wait to find out. For now enjoy the hell out of this one. First let me say I LOVE Keanu but this 3rd rendition HIGHLY misses the mark. Just fighting scene after fighting scene. Same ole, same ole. So boring, I kept hoping it would get better but, NO IT DIDIN'T! Just be warned. NO good dialog at all. Wasted my money. Can't see how a 4th could do and better. :-( I'm puzzled by the fact that there are so many positive reviews. I understand people like action, but 2 hours of the same fighting and shooting without even a hint of suspense is pretty ridiculous. I will start this off by saying that I did enjoy the first film and sure, the second movie wasn't for me, I get why people could enjoy it. But with this third installment? Firstly, this movie is about an hour and 50 minutes of action scenes in which yes, we get some admittedly good action scenes here and there, but quickly, it gets dull. Be it from watching the many assassins go after John Wick (who also gets about 6 lines the whole movie so yay.) in similar manner to the last film, to shootouts with Halle Berry and genital hungry dogs (its cool the first couple of times but seeing it back to back for nearly 10 minutes makes the sight lose any impact and luster) that last just far too long. Also, the action gets absurdly comical (not just with the dogs, but also with horses kicking people to death) and hey, that's cool in a Fast and Furious film because they know that they are big dumb action movies, but this film series was trying to be something smarter, something deeper, but evidently that is no longer the case especially if you pay attention to what little dialogue is here. This movie really wants to pretend that it is saying something profound, or the characters are doing anything that isn't obviously evil (Ian McShane is doing something duplicitous? Perish the thought!) but instead, it comes off like a 12 year old wrote this movie. Also, this world is beginning to make less and less sense the more the attempt to add to it, and the more they add to John Wick's backstory (hey, he's Belorussian! Does this matter? No.) it makes it feel like they are making things up as they go to try and justify having John Wick be Superman without the ability to fly. Look, I love action but by this point in the series, its hard to care about what is happening or feel like this movie isn't simply spinning its wheels in terms of actual story telling or meaningful action that can actual excite. I fully expect the next movie to have John Wick have a fistfight on top of a plane with three shark ninjas who stole his wife's body who is actually still alive and trying to destroy the world with a techno-organic computer virus. This movie is that stupid. Were there two versions of this film, both with the same title? Because the one I saw was absolutely dreadful. I'm sat here writing this and I hardly know where to start?? Ok...well....the storyline was non existent (that's STORYLINE not just things that happened and then some more things happened etc). The action scenes were relentless and not very well choreographed, for example the endless amount of bad guys waiting their turn to lunge forward only to have there arm broken in some slick move and then get shot in the face....just like the bad guy before and the bad guy before him! Or the scene with the man and woman assassin's who were just about to engage JW only to be killed themselves by some different bad guys, but when the camera panned out, there were no bodies to be seen?? Gone! Not to mention the large crowds of public who just walk on by as one bunch of assassins slice up another bunch of assassins!
I loved the first two films but this was just dreadful...truly dreadful.<br/><br/>The dogs were good, but that's it.
Sorry, I wanted to like this film so much. Damn. Fingers crossed for more John Wick movies.....Halle Berry was a great addition to this franchise... Just some fight scenes. The story doesn't move anywhere. I loved the first one. It brought back the true action genre which got sidelined by the effects oriented n shaken cam stuff.<br/><br/>The first one is filled with action, stylish visuals n top notch editing.
The first one created a solid universe n the scene where John Wick breaks the concrete floor revealing his guns n gold coins is thrilling.
Also the scene where Michael Nyqvist's character informs his son about the past of John Wick n Wick cutting off the phone line (of course without Neeson's style -i will hunt u down) truly establishes the deadly character of Wick.<br/><br/>The second one is a non stop action packed flick with body counts almost giving Rambo, Jason Voorhees n Michael Myers a tough competition.
The second has Franco Nero (Django) in a tiny role n a mirror fight sequence a la Bruce Lee's Enter the Dragon style. In the second John Wick does warns that he will kill everyone who will come after him.<br/><br/>The third is the epitome of high octane action flick with lots of known fighters as assassins.
We have Mark Dacascos (Drive), Cecep Arif Rahman n Yayan Ruhian (The Raid Redemption) as the deadly assassins.
This one too has a Enter the Dragon style mirror fight sequence with lots of Samurai armours with Oni masks on display.
It has lots of martial arts, sword fightings, knife fightings, lots of sword n knife piercings in the head, face, neck, etc.
It also has solid shot gun sequences n some unique horse kicks.<br/><br/>The character John Wick n its universe has inspired so many films:
Atomic Blonde, 24 Hours to Live, Polar, Peppermint, Hotel Artemis, Hitman's bodyguard, Equalizer, The Accountant, etc.<br/><br/>Does John Wick deserve a place in the Expendables 4? I went to see this movie because a friend wanted to see it. If it hadn't been for them sat next to me I'd have walked out after 10 minutes and saved myself two hours of pain. As it was I felt obligated to stay and suffer, although our friendship has been strained as a result. If you like your films with good acting, a well thought out script, well choreographed fight scenes, humorous moments that don't make you roll your eyes, and an audio track that doesn't make you want to cut your ears off then this isn't the movie for you. And I use the term 'movie' loosely, because there's no real beginning, middle or end to John Wick 3, it just ploughs along in one endless stream of drivel. The acting and dialogue are appalling - all from actors that should know better or at least have the self-respect to throw a script like this straight in the bin. The fight scenes and gun play are beyond absurd and endlessly repetitious. It just goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on. Just when you hope it will stop it continues with another deluge of bad guys to be thrown on the floor, shot in the head (reload the gun) then shot in the head a couple of times more. Then there's the blatant plagiarism from the likes of Enter the Dragon and the Man With the Golden Gun. Those movies don't deserve their moments dragged down to this level. I'm assuming the film was part-funded by a glazing company, such was the number of times someone was thrown through a pane of glass. Finally, let's look at Keanu Reeves. I'm sure he's a nice guy, I've got nothing against him, but an action figure he is not... or rather he is in the literal sense, so wooden is his acting, so plastic his repetitive downtrodden expression. They say you learn from your mistakes, well this was a big one for me. Avoid this film like the plague, because after two hours of this garbage you may well be praying for it to take you away. One for the lowest common denominator brigade. How this tripe is currently showing an 8.0 on IMDB is one of life's great mysteries and one for future generations to try and figure out. OK, the first one was different. And good. The second one was sort of ok but thats all. The third one? Let it die, please, just let it die. I must not be in on the joke, since at this writing (May 2019) this movie has an 8.1 rating on IMDB, as well as a very high rating on Rotten Tomatoes.<br/><br/>Not to give anything away, the entire movie seems to consist of John Wick killing uncountable numbers of baddies who are out to kill him because he broke the rules of some bizarre hotel for killers. There is not much of a story, except for Wick's trading on on past favors with ever-higher-ranking bad guys, and at each level having to kill a few dozen more baddies. There was virtually no humor or personal interest in Wick himself.<br/><br/>Question: how do supposedly brilliant crime bosses manage to hire only underlings who cannot shoot or fight well enough to take out one injured, exhausted man? With all of them spraying machine gun bullets in Wick's direction, how come he never gets hit? Jeez, I'd even settle for a richochet.<br/><br/>Best wishes to viewers who like that sort of thing, but I found it horribly boring and walked out about 2/3's of the way thru the film. If there is some big joke at the end, I can't reveal it because it was not worth my time to stay through the entirety of this awful movie to find out. This is just a mindless roller-coaster ride of choreographed, senseless violence and stupidity! All the fight sequences are mind-blowingly impossible and could never happen in the real world.<br/><br/>The film is such an affront to a thinking persons faculties that it just melts into a shallow lake of insanity and utter madness.<br/><br/>I guess this might be an interesting ride for someone high on hallucinogenic drugs. I, however, was totally sober so it just made me nauseous and anxious. But I know there are many people who love these kind of films, but I just can't understand why! Following on from two deliriously entertaining, visually gorgeous and blissfully simplistic thrillers, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum keeps up the franchise's unique appeal in stunning fashion. Complete with electrifying action, beautiful cinematography, a pulsating score and a great sense of humour, the film is pretty much as purely joyful as action thrillers get, and proves two hours of brilliant entertainment.<br/><br/>Before I get into all of that, though, one of the greatest things about this franchise is just how simplistic it is. You may have seen John Wick and John Wick: Chapter 2, you may not have done. Going into this third film, however, it's all pretty irrelevant, and while the first two films are certainly worth your time, absolutely anybody can go and watch this movie without any prior knowledge, and simply sit back and watch the fireworks.<br/><br/>The plot is effectively laid out for you in the first ninety seconds of the movie. John Wick is excommunicated, and there's a $14m bounty on his head. That's it. Following that brief bit of exposition are two hours of beautifully simple yet endlessly entertaining action, and while the film does keep you engrossed with its sense of mystery and intrigue surrounding this world of allegiances and deception, it's the thrill of the chase that really matters.<br/><br/>In that, there's almost never a moment where storytelling takes precedence over action thrills, with the movie bursting into life by way of an exhilarating opening act. However, much like the first two films, not every moment is fighting and shootouts, with the mystery, the tension and the intrigue all playing a part as John Wick encounters numerous people from his past in all manner of different scenarios.<br/><br/>There are moments in its middle portion that do drag a little more than others, and where the story perhaps gets a little self-indulgent, however there's no denying just how slick and purely entertaining a thriller this is regardless.<br/><br/>Of course, the action itself is brilliant as well. The opening act is astonishing, filled to the brim with insane action that features seamless fight choreography, brilliant camerawork and a fantastic sense of self-awareness that allows you to laugh at the most ridiculous moments. From then on, the film continues to burst into life with mad, energetic and dazzling action sequences again and again, only furthering the sheer entertainment appeal of the whole affair.<br/><br/>Also, there's no getting away from just how good-looking a movie this is. The camerawork in the fight sequences is certainly excellent, but it's the film's kaleidoscopic colour pallette and slick cinematography that makes it a feast for the eyes, pulling off the style of a pure pulp thriller in brilliant fashion once again, and with a pulsating, intense score playing throughout to boot, you'll definitely be on the edge of your seat from beginning to end.<br/><br/>All in all, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum isn't much different from the previous two movies. It isn't the world's most intricate or intelligent thriller. However, with brilliant energy, dazzling visuals, stunning action and an invaluable sense of fun, absolutely none of that matters, and it instead proves a solidly entertaining, manic and dizzyingly joyful thriller throughout. Full of Action from the start till the end...
You will not regret to watch John Wick: Chapter 3 Parabellum... If you are a fan of Asian martial arts movies then you will probably love this... because that's exactly what it is. Endless fight scenes with dummy characters that can take endless beatings, zero plot and zero story. Barely any dialogue at all. I liked the other ones, but this was a huge disappointment. Looks like I may be the lone voice on here.
Having seen the first 2 I was really looking forward to this one, especially having seen the trailers.
Sadly it came nowhere near what was expected or required.
Garbage from start to finish, unless you want to see 2 hours of frankly pointless violence. Someone appears to have forgotten to write a storyline except he's on the run with a £14M bounty on his head and has to kill as many people as possible in as many different ways.<br/><br/>I've had a cinema unlimited card for the past 2 years and seen about 130 films (normally 5/6 a month) and I've seen some rubbish in those 130, but nothing quite as bad as this and I reckon it will be a while till I see something as bad again.<br/><br/>Even Halle Berry and Ian McShane couldn't save this one. It's all about John wick killing 3000 people, a non sense movie I loved the first John Wick. The 2nd was so-so. This one is awful. A painful 2 hours of repetitive, over-the-top garbage. Nothing remotely believable, logical or entertaining takes place in this complete money grab. How the critics are so enamored with this mess is beyond me. This movie is amazing!! One of the best action movie i ever seen!! u can find amazing action scene in the whole of this movie. Just watch this movie u wont regret it JW1 was great, JW2 was ok, JW3 was terrible. They seem to be getting worse and worse, hopefully there isn't a number 4 to ruin what was once a good film even more! Keanu Reeves seems to be more invincible than a terminator! Dreadful movie so many fake staged fight scenes heads blown off randomly boring after a very while..... like a bad video game ,im a fan o Keano but this got to say is awful ...digusting, senseless violence-porn. It seems that with every part of this franchise, common sense, reality and humanity become less important. Do NOT PAY for this to save our world from Chapter 4... Reviews must be bought, boring fight scenes and stupid plot. don't waste your time There is a 2 line story and tons of action.. repetitive after a point. I didn't care for Sofia's character in story, and mot even sure why that whole sequence in Casablanca was even there. I was happy the movie ended quick. You must see it to believe how utterly worthless this series has become. I bet 90% of the screen time was repeated fight and shooting scenes, over and over and over...getting the point yet? The good news is that the dialog was easy to memorize because there wasn't much. Kick, hit, shoot a person multiple times and repeat. Then do it again.<br/><br/>I asked my wife if she wanted to stop the movie, because I wanted to end the misery of it. Her response was golden "just fast forward through the fight scenes." I did and the movie was over.<br/><br/>CGI was so overdone until I wanted to puke from boredom. In fact I caught up on my emails during it. In summary, pass this up. I wish I could get my $2.00 rental fee back as I feel I was mugged and my money stolen. In other words, don't waste your time. Remember, forewarned is forearmed if you even know what that means. If not, this piece of worthless garbage may indeed be for you. This movie (if i can call it that) is AWFUL, do not wast your time its NOT worth it. its too long, the plot is confusing, it really just a movie of John Wick killing everybody he runs into, this movie was all over the place, bouncing from random part to another, SKIP this one, its AWFUL I watched people chop each other for two hours. Nothing else. This movie had potential..the first 30 mins or so was good. After that it went downhill too many choreographic fight scenes. I never watched the end and have no desire to. What the hell happened? The first JW was fantastic. Plenty of plot, a villain to cheer against, a hero to cheer for, plenty of back story to fill in the gaps. The second installment barely clung onto the original story lines and started to go off on an action only tangent. The third one, I love my action movies but when I see 300 rounds being emptied into an enclosed space and JW doesn't get hit or even grazed.This could have been so much better with a third of the action and let the characters develop. Instead we got a world of inept assassins. Believe me, if I saw JW (who never took the time to disguise himself what so ever), I would have shot him from fifty feet away rather than engage in close combat. Sure, the story line would have ended very quickly but it would have been believable.
The writers need to take a leaf out of the Jack Reacher series. The character is not superhuman, they don't have unlimited round hand guns and if you fall from a 7 story building after being hit with four rounds and bounce off rooftops and stair wells on the way down, you simply cannot survive.
I had high hopes for this franchise but it looks like the audience being played to is pre-pubescent teens who thrive on first person shoot em ups in immortality mode. So sad, JW1 was a great movie and JW2 still really good. But this one is as good as Robocop 3 when compared to the original Robocop. Theres absolutely no context in this movie. The initial comboybukser scene is horrible with a slow giant. Whole movie is a cliche with bad acting and bad action scenes in abundance I really liked the first John Wick, the second was nowhere near as good, but watchable, the third one is woeful. The plot is terrible, the fight sequences boring and repetitive, the characters are comical and basically everything is completely unbelievable and absurd, there is literally a hitman on every corner just waiting to kill John Wick no matter where he is. John Wick - Parabellum, is a must watch movie.<br/><br/>It's a brilliant sequel, fulfill my expectation and for me Parabellum is a best action movie in a period times (aside from The Dark Knight). Well, I'm not too excited about the ending because I think John Wick is way much better as a Trilogy.... And I wish, if there is Chapter 4 then it has to be much cooler, extraordinary and more peerrrfffect than the Chapter 3.<br/><br/>Let's go hunt John Wick! ..THE FILM-MAKERS, { VERY SIGNIFICANTLY }, HAVE FORGOTTEN TO ADD { " F A N T A S Y " }, TO THEIR LITTLE LIST OF GENRES APPLICABLE TO "JOHN WICK, CHAPTER 3 : PARABELLUM" .<br/><br/>
" Life is suffering, Art is pain " ~ the Character known simply as : ' The Director ' .<br/><br/>
This is EASILY THE MOST BRUTAL FILM I've seen in a fair bit of time. PLEASE { D O N ' T ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ } take your { M I N O R }-children/siblings/relatives/friends/wards along with you for this film. Sure the violence is 'Highly-stylized', but I can UNEQUIVOCALLY assure you : there's a seriously GRATUITOUS amount of "HARDCORE, UNABASHED, BLOODLETTING " in the picture, at EVERY-SINGLE-TURN. I just gave "MARVEL'S AVENGERS : ENDGAME" A { " FIERCELY TRIUMPHANT 10 / 10 " }, ( for crying out loud ! )..... so there's JUST NO WAY that I can, in 'All-good-conscience', give this particular cinematic-outing anything higher than a { " Resounding, Hard-Sought " } 7.25 MARKS OUT OF 10 MARKS .<br/><br/>
NOW ON THE { P L U S ⭐ } SIDE :<br/><br/>
The Said-Film is absolutely KNEE-DEEP IN :
1. SERIOUSLY RIP-TICKLING { & VERY, VERY TIMELY, INDEED - ! } CONCENTRATED BOUTS OF COMIC RELIEF ( SURPRISE, SURPRISE, SURPRISE ⭐ ! ) ,
2. UTTERLY "MIND-BENDING" { '& SEEMINGLY NEVERENDING' } FIGHT CHOREOGRAPHY, & . .
3. SUBLIMELY "SYNCHRONIZED-TO-THE-ACTION" 👉 { NEON, FIRE-LIGHT & GENERAL SPECIAL-EFFECTS LIGHTING; OFTEN BATHING THE VIEWER IN SUPREMELY GORGEOUS COLOUR SWIRLS AND 'COLOUR-MACHINATIONS' } 👈 .....FOR THE PASSIONATE ART-LOVERS ⭐ , AMONG YOU, AT LEAST !<br/><br/>
And believe-it-or-not , there are ( EVEN A FEW ! ) "UNEXPECTEDLY" TOUCHING MOMENTS OF UNADULTERATED, SOUL-STIRRING POIGNANCY .<br/><br/>
The film is at the end of the day, more a SPLENDIDLY, UNASHAMEDLY-DARK "CARICATURE", then it is a mindless gore-fest .<br/><br/>
And given that ( LITERALLY, " EVERY THIRTEENTH PERSON ! " - As depicted in the film, i.e - ) on the streets of New York City is represented as an EVIL, MURDEROUS-ASSASSIN, you would INDEED BE WISE to remember, ( where the film-makers appear to have VERY ERRONEOUSLY forgotten ), that this is, "When-all-is-said-and-done" ....<br/><br/>
..... a pure, unadulterated ->- " F A N T A S Y ⭐ " ->- ( & THAT IS ALL ! ) ~ in order to be able to TRULY enjoy this "Veritably DARK, DARK, RED", Cinematic-extravaganza ~ TO THE FULLEST ⭐ . Seriously? So high rating? It was like watching a computer game. For hours. Almost no storyline, no dialogues. I am surprised that the actors agreed to do the roles. Two stars I gave was just because the beginning of the movie seemed promising. This movie is over the top unrealistic !! If you don't get shot in the head your okay ...it's like watching a video game. The beginning is like WOW then it just becomes repetitive SAME THING OVER AND OVER !! Totally unrealistic violence how many ways can you kill someone??? This is absolute drivel! Stopped watching after 30 minutes of mindless action. John Wick running around in the first few opening scenes without any idea of what he is doing is to be seen to be believed. First let me say, I loved the first 2 films, but they seem to have run out of ideas & storyline. This film is just John Wick on the run with the world's top assassins after him, no other story or character development. From the beginning, it is just dozens of assassins popping out of every doorway, long choreographed fights with JW attacked by a half-dozen goons at a time, lots of shooting & knife-throwing in which he kills them all. That's it. It becomes boring after 20 mins, but goes on for 2 hours of the same with barely a spoken word. The occasional spoken line is delivered woodenly & tiredly. Like I said, absolutely no story or depth of character. Boring. I've always thought the John Wicks were just stupid but I managed to get through 1 & 2 at least. A friend convinced me to watch this tripe insisting it was better than the first 2 so I gave it a try but first, let me briefly explain why I didn't like the first. Anyone who thinks pets (his dog) are more important than humans is certifiably moronic. 1 & 2 just got worse as they progressed but Wick 3?? Wow.<br/><br/>Ask anyone who has seen this movie if what I am about to say is true.<br/><br/>**SPOILER ALERT**
Wick gets ambushed by 2 (yes TWO) cars. By ambushed I mean in the true sense of the word. A planned surprise attack by villains in 2 cars AFTER he has already had a long fight with countless people. He'd already be tired but no. He exits a building onto the street and gets run over TWICE!!! Then gets up, starts running & is fit to fight again. GTFOH! I paid to watch a MOVIE not a fxxking senseless CARTOON! At this point I walked out. Bad enough I hate & had to tolerate his dog in the movie but this was just too much for anyone with a brain. Sequels normally get worse as they go on... Not John Wick. John Wick movies get more intense with each movie. I don't want to spoil the plot or give away any spoilers but after the first 20 minutes or so i was glad that everything calmed down a little, for a little while anyway, because I was thinking to myself, "it can't go on like this, I'll have a heart attack" talk about an adrenaline rush... luckily we got a break from the intense action after around 20 minutes..<br/><br/>What a fantastic movie. Yes you do have to suspend disbelief, every other person's an assassin and regular people don't seem to care or react when people get murdered nearby, but that's movie world I suppose. I'll take this over realism any day.... Nevermind the lack of story and gun shooting replay over and over (fun at first boring later)
You can just see how it makes fun at you the paying viewer with bad "just waiting for the next hit" type of fighting choreography ..
Lack of realism in the shooting aspact of things
And ovet all a dvd type of movie at best ...
If you are looking for a boom boom movie it will grow tired on you after 20 min , if you are looking for a movie there isnt any in john wick 3 John was an utter dissapointment, as a fan of the saga. Waited for nods to be tied to the plot. But this movie resembles a tryhard exploited saga of violent and simple plot, John has fallen, as with many movies of this type. Go ahead if you just want to bore your brain with meaningless. Poor acting, poor story line, repetitive, 2 hours 10 minutes, I'll never get back! Useless violence trying to make up for lack of plot. Even the dogs in this movie were yawning. This movie was only shoot em up and dogs attacking crotches. There is no story at all. I loved one and two and even bought them on DVD so I can watch them for years to come if they gets moved to a different streaming platform, so when I saw this was on Netflix I watched straight away and could only stand the first 20 minutes. Trying to mix steampunk with martial arts leaves it as a confused mess. As you will see, it takes quite a lot for me to post reviews. I quite enjoyed 1 and 2 - as far as I recall. And I love my action films. But when I persuaded my wife to watch this with me I had to apologise profusely. Say no more. Just astonishingly poor. If you are interested in the martial arts, you would be better watching a lesson in the gym on youtube ..... and that would at least be credible at normal speed. I'll say it again, rubbish. This is the worst moviw I have endured since Avatar or Entrapment. When John Wick came out for the first time, I was hooked!
The story line was great, realistic, and filled with excitement.
When John Wick 2 came out, whew! What came I say... over kill! By the middle of the movie, I realized it was no longer realistic. No man is capable of doing and taken the punishment Wick was taking; I lost interest.
Now, John Wick 3 came out; I went to the movies out of curiosity... again I was disappointed. The writers have lost all sense of reality and the enormous fights and injuries inflicted on John Wick were no longer believable. Then, they cast Angelica Huston, a has-been, who took her character into the ridiculous and made it even more unbelievable.<br/><br/>Hallie Berry, and especially Lance Reddick, did outstanding jobs in their acting, and the parts they played were on point and... Keanu Reeves was faithful to his role... just sad he allowed them to take his part beyond what was believable.<br/><br/>It's a good movie to watch if you've got nothing else to do... I wouldn't buy a movie ticket though; use the money for something more worthwhile. Please, give me more story and way less guns.
Chapter one was amazing, this was terrible! Not even good enough to call it a dumb movie.<br/><br/>just an endless parade of contrived martial arts demonstrations...with guns I really wanted to give this movie a star etc but it is just THE most inane piece of drivel ever. Its just a series of very poor fights with guns, knives, martial arts (poor) and just THE worst script and plot ever. I watched it hoping it would get better but it got worse.. Do yourself a favour... do not waste a single second on this absolute pile of absolute crap. Good picture, good sound and totally unwatchable . And I am a friendly audience! I am a sucker for good action movie but this is trash. Childish script driven by a bunch of dumb cliches. Everything is half-assed. For example Mad Max is pretty much same category all action no real point but its glorious. and this is trash Much as I thoroughly enjoyed the first one , which had a great story , action scene's and thought provoking script , JW3 was a big let down , thin story with about 100 words spoken in the whole film, I felt it was just one big fight scene from the opening credit , with about the most useless villains I've ever seen , oh wait they were on par with the " street fighter " game I played as a child . Don't think I will bother with part 4 ! No story, terrible fighting scenes that go on and on and on. He chops his finger off yet you can tell in the fighting scenes after that, it's back on! The guy can't even run! It's sad. So many fighting scenes that it's boring. Horrible acting, directing and choreography! Waste of 2 hours. 25 minutes into the movie, and I was already disgusted. These bounty hunters who want John Wick dead for $14 million are effing idiotic!! Apparently the reward amount makes everyone want to hunt down Wick, but EVERYONE has no damn education and are CONSTANTLY giving him opportunities to fight back. Sure, it's a movie and Wick needs to live, but within the first 25 minutes, there were 4 encounters that were just so fricking disappointing.<br/><br/>The first guy wants to try to kill Wick with a long knife... Really? The guy is really tall, but why didn't he just use a gun when he had distance between himself and Wick? The next group is a bunch of asians, which you see chasing together, but during the fight scene, they roll in one by one to only get killed by Wick. And the fight scene just kept getting dragged out and got boring really quickly. The third group starts off by smashing their car sinto Wick (one car and then the second car waits for Wick to get up to finish driving into him...so stupid). The guys in the cars wait for Wick to run away, making me think okay, they don't have guns to immediately pull out, but after they get out of the car, the next shot shows them with guns. But of course, since they let Wick hide, they get picked off one by one. Typical. Then another dumb couple (one of which has a gun) chase Wick on their motorcycles. Rather than shooting him, they "tug" on Wick's jacket, so Wick responds by grabbing a gun from the back of that guy and shoots him. Wooooo... so cool!! When the next biker rides next to Wick, instead of Wick just shooting him, Wick felt compelled to hang off the side of a horse just to take a shot. WHY?!?!?! The most pointless moves seriously irritated me.<br/><br/>This is such a ridiculous movie. And EVERY SCENE is TRASH. I get that they don't want to show close ups that ruin the fight, but in this movie, I really wanted that because Keanu Reeves was terrible at fighting. He constantly left himself open to so many shots, stabs, punches, etc., but the movie wants us to think that Wick is so good that he can defend himself. Whoever was choreographing the fight scenes needs to be FIRED. The fight scenes in Chapter 1 and 2 were much better. This movie is so full of action scenes that you eventually cease to care for what's happening. Some scenes you just wish would end so Boogeyman can get on to the next fight.
The first movie in this series had a storyline and a little finesse, the second added a sidetrack but the third doesn't add anything to the storyline. At the end of the third you basically end up exactly where the second movie ended.
If you just want to see a classic nonstop action movie, it's good for you. Earth to casting.... Halle Berry, what were you people thinking? Did she win a Nose Flaring audition for this part? She's 53 years old, totally wrong for this movie, and looks bitter, old, and used up. Oh but it gets better, who cast the clown act from Iron Chef, you know the "Ala Cuisine" guy? Its laughable, and looking at these reviews I'm not alone in my disgust for this mess of a movie.<br/><br/>Love the first two installments, this one will survive on the John Wick legend at the top of the Hollywood trash heap with all the other crap they're producing these days. A complete waste of time, you've been warned. The movie is pretty much 2 hours of violence, which might not mean much to you considering it is a John Wick movie. However, when I say "pretty much" I mean it in this case. There is little else going on and in the end the story does not benefit anything from it all. I love Keanu Reeves and all his action sequences, sadly though, this movie is still a let down.<br/><br/>I will say this about the fighting sequences though, they are entertaining to watch for a while, even somewhat towards the end (even if you get bored of just the mindless violence after a while) as each fight feels somewhat unique. The murdering on Mr. Wick's part is innovative and enjoyable to watch.<br/><br/>As I said though, once it gets shoved into your face for two hours straight, you get bored of it in the end. The story just goes all around in a circle and leaves our main character back where he started. The killing scenes make little to no sense at times and the shadowy, assasin-type of kills are all but gone. Several people get killed in the middle of crowds of regular people in the city, but no one notices the killings OR in-plane-view guns and knives that the Table's associate arm themselves with. Bodies straight up teleport away after the people have died and no ordinary individual even looks that way. Sometimes it feels like the script-writer(s) just desired for the audience to turn their brains off.<br/><br/>I can tell you, I do not like to turn my brain off when watching a movie, but that definitely was the feeling after this movie. As if I should have just pulled the plug on my brain whilst going through, what I can only view as a cinematic horrorshow with how dull and pointless it ended up to be.<br/><br/>For those who enjoyed the movie, more power to you, however I am not prepared to give a dishonest review because of my love for the main actor. Hopefully this franchise will not continue down this road, but who knows.<br/><br/>I will never watch this movie again, that much I can tell you, hence the score. Had it not been for the entertainment and innovative fight-scenes, I would have given the movie 1/10. It lacked story, it lacked sense, it lacked meaningfulness and lacked a good message.<br/><br/>Thank you for reading. If you hope to see a brilliant film by Keanu, then you will be totally disappointed! This film is the most boring film in this year. Just violence, and nothing at all! I had been looking forward to the latest John Wick since the end of the slightly lame second film.
Unfortunately this film is more like a cartoon.
Seems like some suits in LA have killed the golden goose, where as the first film at least has a raison d'etre for the revenge, this one jumps straight in without any scene setting or back story.
Hey' guys lets get straight to the fighting & violence 'cos that's what the punters want, let's make another packet at the box office without having to put any thought or effort into a credible storyline.
I love Keanu Reeves but he seems to have gone walkabout & reverted to monosyllabic grunts.
By far & away the best actor was his dog, now there is a star worth watching. John Wick can die over 100 times..but he is alive because his enemy have mercy on him. car, knife, gun even fist. even me can kill him, don't mention the pros.. fake rating is everywhere now, but i really like the John Wick 1. Having killed a member of the international assassins guild, John Wick is now ex-communicado and finds himself on the run. With a $14 million dollar bounty on his head this attracts the attention of every hitman and woman who will do anything they can to get their hands on the cash. With the odds heavily stacked against him Wick needs to utilise all of his skills in order to survive...<br/><br/>The first John Wick film was good (not amazing, but the story was reasonable and given the circumstances surrounding Wick's need for vengeance there was a certain emotional investment in Part 1 that made it work quite well). Part 2 wasn't as good with the narrative being a bit muddled and it relied on the action to keep things moving. Part 3 suffers the same problems as Part 2 only on a slightly larger scale..<br/><br/>Given the fact that the whole premise sees Wick on the run from a group of hitmen you would think that Part 3 would be a no-brainer and would be wall-to-wall excitement. Whilst it does play out like this to an extent (there are lots of impressive fight sequences), there is no real story to back up the action meaning that the film is literally all style and no substance.<br/><br/>One other problem with this film is what they have done with the character of John Wick; he's always being tough, but as the franchise has progressed he's gone from being tough to being 'unbelievably tough' and the film sadly seems to have gone down the 'Rambo' route with its lead character. Don't get me wrong the fight sequences do impress and give the film some energy, but at times Wick feels more like a superhero than a person (the final rooftop sequence only reinforces this point).<br/><br/>Reeves impresses again in the action stakes, but as with the second film he just doesn't look all that interested and only puts in an OK performance. Fishburne gets a larger role in this one and seems to at least enjoy himself giving a slightly hammy performance. Berry still looks great for her age, but doesn't add an awful lot to the film. McShane is good, but is in comfortable territory and everyone else gives reasonable performances.<br/><br/>One thing that I do appreciate with the John Wick films is the effort that is put into the fight sequences; the choreography is excellent and is worthy of praise. It's a pity really that (aside from the first film) I've not bore witness to a decent story to compliment the impressive action. For this reason the film does suffer quite a bit when Keanu isn't kicking butt due to the bland and uninvolving narrative. I left the theater once Count Orlok (Ajudicator) showed up. Her acting was the worst I've seen. If she wants to play C3PO, try out for Star Wars. But this was the final straw for this movie.<br/><br/>The library fight was ok. The knife fight was overly boring and I couldn't wait for it to be over. The horses stable was even worse. When there's action, we should be engaged. Problem is, this action spoiled the bed. What is there to see after you watch John Wick shove a knife into a guy's eyeball? Especially after he breaks a guy's jaw and neck with a book? They blew their load too early and the movie became repetitive and gratuitous.
The sets looked good, the lighting was awesome, the choreography was well executed, and the other people seemed to have fun. I didn't and that sucks. *** NO real spoilers unless you don't want to know this was a bad movie. The only spoiler is how the movie starts.<br/><br/>I loved the first John Wick movie. My wife and I love Die Hard type action movies. But we are older adults now (59, 62). We no longer enjoy an action movie UNLESS it has the following:
<ul><li>A good story</li><li>Good Dialogue</li><li>Good Acting</li></ul><br/><br/>The first John Wick had all three. The third one had NONE OF THE ABOVE. Most importantly NO STORY. From the first frame a contract is out on John Wick and for the entire movie all that happens is people get killed. My wife and I love the genre so violence and blood are fine but not ONLY violence and blood. I feel let down my my IMDB peeps because I always read the reviews for over 45 years old and they were around 8.0. Anything above 7.0 is usually great. How can Adults over 45 give a high score to a movie with NO STORY?<br/><br/>I went back and watched the Wick 2 which I had never seen and it appeared to have a little more story than 3 but nowhere near as much as 1. I assume this is because 18 year olds are OK with a movie that has no story but how can 45+ year olds be OK with that? The producers are just phoning it in.<br/><br/>Very frustrating! Walked out after an hour. Stupid story, knife fight after knife fight. Couldn't take it any longer. I really liked the first 2 movies, but Parabellum - not as much.
Visually it's quite dark which works well with the theme and I found the fight scenes well thought out and choreographed but wayyyyy too long and eventually I started feel like I was watching a friend play and FPS game. It was fun in the beginning but after a while it just got boring and fast forward became my friend. I skipped over a lot of the fight scenes just to get to the end and see what happens since after 3 movies I had invested a bit and was rooting for John - but of course there was a cliffhanger. It feels obvious that there wasn't enough story to fill two movies but they badly wanted to cash in on the money train and make a Chapter 4 so what do you do? You guessed it - you fill it with endless fight scenes and no story. Yawn. For me it is booring movie.only killing from begining till the end , Nothing new Looked like a Quentin Tarantino movie, although I've enjoyed some of his others. ..... and keep walking John. The violence is excessive and truly hard to believe. Super cool gangsters in tattoo's, spouting clichÃ©d line after line. So for the 4th installment "wanted gang henchmen who can't shoot straight" The first film was pretty good, with a reasonable story.<br/><br/>Second film was weak.<br/><br/>This is just complete garbage.<br/><br/>Why are people ranking it so high?<br/><br/>Two hours of silly choreographed fight scenes in different settings and location.<br/><br/>The normal rubbish of gangs of assailants taking it in turns to attack the main protagonists, without ever firing a bullet straight, and those same protagonists being hit by vehicles, sustaining falls, punches, kicks and blows that should hospitalise them, yet sustaining no injury.<br/><br/>Accepting that belief needs suspending from time to time. This garbage is to "brain out", that to enjoy it, you're going to need a two gallon jar. John Wicks probably kills more people in NYC in this piece of drek than were actually murdered in NYC in 2019. There is a bounty on his head and he is recognized by incompetent would be assassins every time he shows his face in public. Not to worry, as he kills them all. Despite the mayhem, including a massacre of major proportions in a fancy hotel lobby, the NYPD is nowhere to be seen. The general public must have been inured to the slaughter, since in one scene bad guys are sliced up in crowded Grand Central Station as mobs of people nonchalantly pass by without so much as a glance. As other's have said the plot is weak - very long fight scenes with plausibility lost. Also a glaring continuity error - Halle Berry plays a lady called Sofia. She has two dogs - one is shot dead and yet in the subsequent scenes the dogs are fully functional. It's a job for the actors but for entertainment value it is poor - the ending leaves space for a sequel...please spare us. I certainly don't expect realism from this series of movies - but I do expect to be entertained by a story. And if not a story, then at least by some interesting scenes. If not even that, then *something* to engage my interest.<br/><br/>Sadly, this movie has nothing more to offer than a couple of hours of shooting dying opponents with more bullets to the legs, neck and head - or taking forever to stab some particularly-slow-dying oafs with dozens of different blades.<br/><br/>Apparently, the modern assassin's hand gun, fitted with between 6 and 70-round magazines, has previously-unheard-of poor accuracy, so even shooting someone from inches away requires several shots to the body and head. This is strange, because the shots appear to explode portions of the head onto any convenient background surface - yet more are needed.<br/><br/>All I can add to this, is that the quality of assassin has gone down the toilet when they have to endlessly fight, stab and shoot each other until the director gets bored enough to decide that they can stop.<br/><br/>The story, or what passes for it, can be told, in detail, in around twenty words - but I wouldn't want to "spoil" it for anyone.<br/><br/>2/10 stars because I watched it to the end, unlike one-star movies, where I can't make it to that point. If one enjoys killing, gunfights, knife fighting and general mayhem in different locales with almost cartoon-like images this one is for you. I prefer a movie without so many pretensions and ones that actually portray realistic characters, even like those in Avenger movies than this absurd waste of time. I kept waiting for something more meaningful with the likes of Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Lawrence Fishburn, Angelica Huston and Lance Riddick but I guess a paycheck is a paycheck. The first John Wick movie had some merit as he sought revenge and the second movie also had its moments but this tripe had no other purpose than to entertain those who think pain, abuse and thoughtless carnage is fun to witness. I, on the other hand with all of the senseless murders and mass killings that are occurring daily in this country, found this film totally distasteful and without the slightest merit. BUT this is a sequel and i certainly didn't expect the realism to be thrown out the window. My biggest gripe with the movie is dumb villains and bad action choreography. The villains are especially dumb since they're you know ASSASSINS they should be pretty good at their profession...<br/><br/>But nope you have:
<ul><li>Assassins on motorcycles using KATANAS instead of guns.</li><li>Guys willingly walking over to John Wick with their guns to be disarmed.</li><li>Guys having John Wick surrounded only to walk in one by one and get surplexed.</li><li>No discretion in trying to kill John Wick, all of them basically bum rushes him instead of making an ambush.</li><li>Guys literally waiting to get punched.</li><li>John Wick surrounded by guys with auto rifles, he should be screwed if he starts a fight there but plot armor.</li></ul> This one is certainly no exception, my wife and I liked pt1, sort of liked pt2 - and I told the person giving me the DVD that I thought I would regret pt3! Was I ever spot on with that. If you took out all the hyper-choreographed fake scenes, you're left with about 15min of weak story line out of a 2+hr movie. Most of the fight scenes were so over the top we considered FF past them just so we could gather the patience to watch to the end to see if a story emerged. Lots of scenes had poor special effects, especially the motorcycle scenes among others. 2 hours I'll never get back, as a matter of fact I am going to quit writing just to cut my losses! First was great, in touch with reality. Second one was waste of time...but third is pure BS...
Director was like: here is blank paper, we gonna put action there, action there, action there...OMG. Kids can do this better.
I love Keanu but he doesn't need this.
You can see how director wants to copy kill bill and enter the dragon and it just fails...big time...
Even action scenes are bad, you can see guys bouncing tow times and waiting until Wick knock his friend down.
Just Brainless action... How many times can you sit and watch a human being? aim a gun at somebody else's head and fire into their brain and watch it explode out the back, over and over and over? (after, of course, shooting their bodies 2-3 times before applying the kill shot) Or should I ask who would sit and watch this? Mindless, endless, pointless violence. It should sicken you. But over the course of over 2 hours it just goes on and on and on. In a video game you would score points? and "win?" We are numb to pointless violence? If you can sit through this whole mess then I guess yeah. Some say it's edge of your seat exciting. There is a lot of action. A comic book semblance of a story which does nothing more than to provide an excuse to watch humans crush, break, dis-member, shoot, stab, pierce eyeballs with knives and yes, blow others brain out the back of their head. Nauseating. Tiresome. Stupid. I gave it two stars because it has good stars, good production value. 1, 2. It's fun to watch Lawrence Fishburne, Ian McShane, Asia K. Dillon. There are a few moments of entertainment.. It could have been cut back but about 90% and the movie wouldn't have suffered. But maybe I'm wrong. Maybe there isn't enough movie here without all the endless violence. That's... just... sad... PROS: Nice action for most part, although having John Wick killing everybody for 2 hours leads to some repetitive death/fight patterns and yawns. Very good photography and some cool visuals.<br/><br/>CONS: No script whatsoever, almost no dialogue (and when there is some it seems like a 7 year old Stallone wrote it, plus almost all lines are delivered badly by the cast). Makes zero sense (they had so many chances to kill off john wick but left him alive only so that wick could kill them instead) . Has no plot! Just fights and fights. Should end sooner, can't make a two hour movie with kicks and shoots only. I regretted buying a ticket for this. For those of U who have forgotten the invasion of the karate movies, where all the motion was in high speed and there were more grunts and groans than dialog this is the movie for u.
I found it racist and Reeves usual laid back performance did nothing to help. Reddick and McShane always give a decent performance but it couldn't help this movie
If u r into violence for violence sake go.
The only decent one of the trilogy was the first One of the top boring films ever made. You could do anything better with your time. I liked the first. Thought the second was ridiculous in that every trained guy with a gun would simply run around a corner only to be shot at once. This one however blows them both away in terms of silliness. He should be embarrassed at this point. He cant act. We know this. He cannot deliver a line plain and simple. The director should quit making movies. Even decent actors seems like amateurs under his direction. Halle Berrys scenes were atrocious. She seriously fired 100 bullets while maybe reloading once. The scenes seemed to be choreographed in slow mo if only for the sake of "i thought this up last night, so im adding it to this fight scene today". Half the time the actors look like they are waiting to be kicked into the glass panel or patiently allowing JW to get his bearings so he can kill them next. I implore people to watch it only so we can get this unbelievable high rating down where it belongs. Can anyone explain me why John is not killing the whole organisation at the beginning at the movie? I mean he easily just killed 100 or maybe 200 people. Only action without a story. Ist not possible to spoiler this movie, everyone knows how its end... thats really boring. A neverending series of action scenes. Sad excuse for a plot. Halle Berry should be casted in better movies. Towards the end I started to surf my phone instead. What a pointless waste of 2 hours. This should have been one movie, not 3. And the reheated-rehashed-told-1000-times story brings nothing new or exiting. 100% predictable movie with boring plot. Even the action scenes are subpar. Yes one punch and the guy is down until the second guy is handled. Riiiggghhht.<br/><br/>Waste of money and time. I managed to watch 15-20 minutes of this non-sense, over choreographed non-stop senseless mess of a movie.<br/><br/>Total waste of time. 100% junk. Don't even bother. Not really worth watching, an assasin who cant die with so much bullet holes in his body is like playing final fantasy with a million lives, no thrill isnt it? As much as I enjoyed the first one and at certain level the second one as well, I found my self wondering what I was doing watching that non sens. The writing is bad, the plot is inexistant, too many dead zones in the script. I walked out from a movie twice in my life, that was the third one Disappointed with this film they have put to much in to it ,to much gun fire an knife work I love action films but this was to much for me my opinion just saying??? Would have given it 0 stars if I could... terrible cast, lame storyline and watching a stunt double the entire movie is no fun... Over hyped with weak story line. Action sequence is okayish.. akin to advanced Chinese movies Based on reviews I decided to see this film today with my wife and adult daughter. All three of us couldn't believe the rating since it was just full of stabbing and shooting with martial arts and wrestling mixed in. It would be helpful to see the first two movies to follow what little there was of story line. If all you want is action, lots of weapons and blood splattered all over then this movie (and a good psychologist) might be for you. Non-stop unrealistic killing with no story line. Got soooooo boring sooooo quickly This film offers you action, all kind of action in nearly any place. BUT, it was just that. Nothing beyond. All movie long, we just saw John Wick,running and killing people in different ways. There is no plot in this movie. It was not fun thing to watch JUST action for more than 2 hours.Its quite boring after first few scenes. I wanted to see better dialogues, I wanted to see better story telling, not just action scenes. Not even close to my type. It can be the worst movie I saw in years! Total dissappointment... Three words say it all: this movie is only boring and brutal. No storyline at all, just shooting. Completely unlogical action. If you are an action fanatic you will love this film. In John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum there is literally an action sequence every few minutes. Whether it is fighting ninja style warriors, shooting guns, wielding a sword, this movie has it all. The problem is that even with all that great action it became very tiresome to watch.<br/><br/>I really liked the first John Wick. The second one was ok, but this one relies so heavily on the John Wick character that there really is not much left. Reeves plays a great John Wick, but he really is the only reason to go and see this movie because you have already seen this movie.<br/><br/>In my opinion, there is absolutely no character or plot development left in the John Wick films. The plot is the same and the action is so over the top with such a lack of any sort of realism that I nearly fell asleep waiting for the movie to end. Really boring, highly repetitive collection of fight sequences with no story and poor acting. A total waste of time! At the time of this review August 2019 this so called film has an average rating of 7.8....really, seriously???<br/><br/>The previous two films at least had some semblance of a story, this however was an utter load of tosh from the outset with unbelievable fight sequences, massive falls and spills that would incapacitate every human being on the planet for life but apparently not John Wick, talk about take-your-brain-out entertainment, this is the epitome of that genre!<br/><br/>I seriously fear for the film industry if something as inanely crass as this is considered less than 2 points worse than something like the Shawshank Redemption! After listening to all the sick, demented people in the theater applauding this movie, I just had to write this review. A friend took me to see this movie and I've never felt more out of place in a movie theater. The more violent movies I watch, the more I dislike them. I had a headache after listening to what seemed like 10,000 rounds of ammunition being fired as if someone was sitting next to me in the theater popping them off. John Wick must be the luckiest person in the world to crash through about 15 glass cases without getting a single cut nor require any medical treatment of any kind. As countless enemies ran right towards him, most of them without even pointing a weapon, I felt they might as well have a sign on their forehead saying "please kill me." The ending of the movie takes whatever scant amount of believability it had remaining and just beats it to death. This movie is totally waste of time. It's okay if you are 11 years old and mentally challanged. The first John Wick movie had a story. It had a plot and some character development. This movie has no such thing.
I like an action movie as much as the next guy, but this was way over the top. If you like gun play, endless, goofy, martial arts crap, and broken glass, this movie is for you!
The last fight sequence was downright boring. I found myself wishing that the movie would just end; I didn't care who killed who. In fact, I was kind of hoping it would be Wick so that the movie would end and I could go home. The movie is about 30 minutes too long.
Here's hoping that this is the end of the JW franchise, but I'm sure it won't be. I can guarantee i will not be fooled into purchasing a ticket to JW 4!<br/><br/>Update; if IMDB showed you the age and sex of each reviewer you would notice that all the 9's and 10's are 14 year old boys. That is the only demographic to which this movie has appeal. One of the stupidest movie I've seen in a long time. Dialogs are dumb. Acting is poor. Story is non existent. This movie is all about fights chained in series like in a video game. Sorry to say that but Keanu Reeves is pathetic at simulating a fight. He is as convincing as a sloth if sloths could fight, hanging and waiting for each kick to come. This gives a very feel to the scenes. Also, since apparently the production gave Keanu a pair of shoes 3 sizes too small, the poor lad cannot run normally. Next time, for Christ's sake, give the man a pair of snickers his size so he can run happily. Pointless movie. There is no story here, just looooong boring fight scenes and shootouts. Totally uninteresting and very stupefying. There's no wonder that there are mass shootings in the US when there's movies like this for inspiration. The worst film I've seen in my life just a lot of action without a story and john wick cannot be killed I don't know how it is rated 8 however the best part was sleeping in the movie Watching John Wick 3 was about as much fun as watching a Youtube playthrough of Quake 2 with invulnerability on: some dude that's hard to care about is mowing down hordes of cannon fodder characters that are hard to care about also. In between the seemingly endless shooting scenes there are brief intermissions where characters are talking, but the story that's being created makes about as much sense as Sharknado's. Except the story is not even remotely funny. The story is so confusing, pointless & nonsensical that I suspect the director contracted a handful of stuntmen to write the script on their breaks. This is probably the first movie I've seen that if you reorder the scenes randomly the movie will make exactly as much sense as the original cut does. Disclaimer: we left the movie when a dozen cyborg-looking characters in bullet-proof armor failed to take down the hero they had surrounded, mostly we left out of boredom & puzzlement. So maybe it gets better after that, I'll never know. If you want to watch a better movie I can only recommend one of these:<br/><br/>* Quake 2 - Walkthrough - Mission 1 on Youtube
* Sharknado
* Plan 9 from outer space<br/><br/>Each of these was way better than John Wick 3 in every single respect. By FAR, the worst installment of the franchise. I really like Keanu and respect him as an actor, but this viewing was extremely disappointing. His acting was pathetic and his lines were painfully juvenile and devoid of any impact they were meant to have. I blame the director. I was fighting sleep in the beginning (b/c I just had lunch), and I would've been better off if I had given into it and slept. The overrated "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is an action film that gives the sensation of watching a boring videogame. The plot is only John Wick running and killing the assassins that want the 14 million dollar award for his head. After the initial original deaths, the film becomes tiresome, boring and repetitive. My vote is three.<br/><br/>Title (Brazil): "John Wick 3: Parabellum" ("John Wick 3: Parabellum") My advice to you, please don't watch this movie. It is very very very bad. Worst movie ever, worst scenario. Really annoying movie to say the least ! There is no story at all ! It should have been in second position, because you can feel that they're going to make a fourth one ! Complete waste of time, money and expectations ! I love the action. I love the whole universe of the movie. But 2 hours of actions scenes without any scenario JUST MAKE NO SENSE. If I could give this movie zero stars I would. I can't believe people watch this crap! There's no real storyline and barely any dialogue. It's basically a whole lot of people trying to kill the same person for two hours and no one succeeding. He gets stabbed, hit by cars, shot at by multiple shooters at the same time but apparently he is invincible. People get killed in the middle of grand central station and no one notices. And some of the assassins have the chance to kill John wick but don't take it because he's so famous it's an honour to fight him and then he kills them. Absolutely the most stupid, illogical and violent movie in existence. I worry for the fate of humanity if this passes as good entertainment. Movie is full of plot holes. halle berry is just an eyesore. zero acting from keanu reeves as usual. not worth seeing unless you are entertaining a teenager. Bad plot, actually no plot. Acting was all ad libbed. SFX was good just not realistic. Weapons could all fire hundreds of rounds from each magazine. Dog was great. It is ok to watch, the fight scenes are as usual in the John Wick films and there are at least four funny moments in it.
Unfortunately the storyline is bad and after the movie it felt like you watched a placeholder between Part 2 and Part 4.
There is no single discipline where Parabellum could keep up with the real John-Wick-Films.
Never again. Seriously? What did I watch? I need to emphasize that I loved the first two installments of John Wick; but this movie is just overblown.
Where to begin? The movie starts where we left off, everyone wants to kill Wick, because he violated his contract for killing at the Hilton. That sounds good, but it gets old very quick. Everyone in New York is an assassin who can be stopped by a gold coin. What's dumb, is because since when do criminals have such high honour? I'm sure you'll get a fringe or rouge group eventually, to kill Wick if they hate him enough; despite his gold coin.<br/><br/>Second, the police force in this world is non existent. You have guys shooting up city blocks and nobody calls the cops; not to mention the piles of dead bodies. In the earlier films, most death scenes happened in some privacy. Here most civilians don't even see bothered that people are shooting up a busy street.
On top of it, how can no one kill this guy? Wick gives them countless opportunities, yet they just wait for him to get back up.<br/><br/>The biggest problem to me is, John Wick cannot die. The dude was shot, stabbed, run over, thrown through glass, fell several floors, and fell off a building and he just brushed it off. I understand it's a movie, but this whole movie came off as tongue and cheek; this made Arnold movies seem realistic.
Going back to "The Table" who runs this, and why does everyone take orders from them? In real life, Mafia groups war with each other, constantly. Nobody can just shoot these couple of leaders and it's over? Considering how honour bound everyone is, they probably wouldn't even fight back, if you take a step onto a safe haven.
In the end all of this could be forgivable, if it wasn't so boring. The action gets so overused you get tired of seeing it. Wick constantly brushing off death, gets old when you realize he can't die, and the Table's politics are beyond laughable. In the end, it'll please the summer action crowd; but that's about it. Assassin John Wick is referred to as Baba Yaga in this third chapter, suggesting that he is, in fact, a supernatural being; his ability to evade death, appear and disappear like a ninja from a Godfrey Ho film, and move with lightning fast reflexes despite being in his mid-fifties confirms this fact, in my opinion. Unfortunately, Wick's invincibility means that the many action scenes in Parabellum are largely devoid of excitement, the only outcome being that Wick is still alive and all of his enemies are dead.<br/><br/>Chapter 2 set things up for a potentially entertaining part three, ending with John Wick (Keanu Reeves) on the run, hunted by the world's top assassins, all keen to collect the bounty on his head. This film should have been a whole lot of outrageously OTT comic-book fun, with an array of bizarre and unique killers, each with their own distinctive look and style; it certainly starts off on the right foot with a few of fun fight scenes (one against a tall guy in a library, another in a shop full of knives, and one in a stable that makes good use of the horses), but it all goes downhill rapidly after that.<br/><br/>A pack of trained dogs easily outshine their human co-stars in one skirmish, a fight involving samurai swords and motorbikes blatantly borrows from The Villainess (2017), and a battle between Wick and Mark Dacascos in a glass room is frustratingly tedious (despite Dacascos's impressive martial arts skills). I blame director Chad Stahelski, who hasn't progressed as a film-maker since part one, content to simply give fans more of the same. The preposterous ending is the icing on the cake, John Wick surviving falling several stories from the roof of a building. Enough already!<br/><br/>5/10, minus one point for the retro-technology used by the tattooed administrators working for the 'high table': Commodore 64 keyboards, green CRT monitors, rubber stamps, rotary dial phones. Seriously, what is the point? Really?
the boss of all bosses lives in Morocco in a desert?? and as is not enough, there is not even phone signal there lol. I think it is time to tell to audience that John Wick has super powers. Or else, you should be making fun of us. Sorry guys, huge dissapointment... 3rd one is a disaster... Absolute garbage, a waste of time from start to finish, a compendium of disconnected " what worked" scenes from previous movies and nothing else. Bad, low and boring even during the interminable shooting sequences.... this is textbook on how to ruin a franchise. Categorically BLAHHH! It was very weird
I thought I was wrong
But the biggest mistake was in counting dogs in the sequel after it was killed What can one say about a movie which is basically a string of violent encounters strung along by only a tissue of a plot. The "hero" gets shot or stabbed with more holes than Fearless Fosdick and the body count rivals the Gulf War. And some of the violence is over the top. When Wick pops an eye by sticking a sword into it I had to look away only to see a women a seat to my right regurgitate her blue raspberry slushy. If your idea of entertainment is watching two hours of shootings, stabbing, impaling and dismemberment, this is a film for you. Others will leave feeling like a ghoul. Ok! I enjoy action movies! There. I said it. John Wick's movie #1 had its share of action, make no mistake, but there was a plot. Sort of. Man loses a loved one AND a dog. Sad. You just know there's revenge a coming! Cue rapid action, tears, hatred, killing and revenge. Then a second John Wick movie. Cue hatred, mass killing (on steroids) and, of course, more revenge. BUT NOW there's the third installment of the amazing Mr Wick!! Cue mass, rapid, mindless, never-ending, ultra-graphic killing. Never mind a plot. That's worthless at this point! This fantasy - farce doesn't need one... it's the most vivid single - shooter video game out today. Imagine the worst shooting scenarios possible, add Russian ballerinas, unstoppable street killings, some really pissed dogs, a camel, some sand and a mystical Moroccan mixed in with an unremarkable Asian assassin who never tires and loves his job too much.......and you have John Wick III.
MINDLESS and MORONIC. Even for a video game.
Don't waste your time. John Wick, the original, has been molested. There is a big gap while fighiting, he's clearly jumping even before they hit him, some scenes where he spent too much time making a gun from different part the shot one guy with one bullet.... anyway I was very disappointed and I was expecting something better. As much as I liked the first movie for it's creativity and "harmony of violence", I found the latest installation quite tasteless. Yes, there is a lot of fast-paced action (s. manslaughter), but it seems that the story line itself was created around the killings, not vice versa. Empty, mindless plot acted with verrrry serious, but dumb faces. I didn't expect the depth of cinematography, but at least it should be marginally entertaining. It is not.
Total disappointment. Very badly directed..no story..no logic..nothing at all. My reaction to Matrix references in John Wick movies has gone from "WOAH COOL" to "UGH, ANOTHER ONE". but seriously, John Wick's major homage to The Matrix is being awesome the first movie, gets weird in the second, then goes full-on WTF is happening in the third. John Wick, having killed someone within the sanctuary of the New York Continental Hotel, is on the run with a $14M bounty on his head. We learn more about the High Table as their Adjudicator seeks to sanction those who have helped Wick: meanwhile Wick battles his way through the many, many, many, many anonymous figures who seek to kill him.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves kicks off Chpater 3 exactly where Chaper 2 left off, racing his pigeon-toed way through the streets of New York not quite ahead of the entire population, all of whom seem to know who he is as they wait, heavily armed, on the next corner.<br/><br/>I liked John Wick 1. I thought number 2 was empty nonsense, non-stop videogame violence in search of a story. And, regrettably, number 3 is more of the same. I've scrolled through IMDB comments, through masses of 9s and 10s all declaring this to be the best yet, and how much better it is than anything else in cinemas at the moment. OK, fair enough, opinions are like fundamental orifices, everyone's got one, and what comes out of them is the same for each of us.<br/><br/>But to me, the reason why this film fails (not completely, there was at least a little bit of story about the nature of the High Table) is because none of the exquisitely choreographed slaughter means anything. There are several reasons for this:
1. You can't hurt Wick. Stab him, run him over, throw him off a building - he just stands up, groans a bit, and carries on;
2. The number and manner of combatants is unbelievable. Wherever he is, there is an endless procession of assailants waiting to take their places in the queue of imminent corpses, usually 2 at a time. Pop, pop, another 2.
3. Assailants all have patented guaranteed to miss ammunition, Wick has patented guaranteed to hit ammunition. Yeah, right.
4. Knowing that you can't hurt him and he can kill you means that there is nothing at stake when he fights you - the result is predetermined.
5. The assailants are all faceless, anonymous bodies. They are not people, they are simply outlines in fairground taget practice. There is no emotional significance to taking a life. These are not people, so who cares?<br/><br/>Regrettably - because I like Keanu Reeves, this is empty-headed style over substance. No 9 or 10 from me, I'm afraid. Love the first one.
This one had so many physical fight scenes which felt like an eternity to watch.
Lacking the great music of the first.
Pathetic comedic attempts at dialogue.
No characters you care for if they live or die.
Cluster mess of a storyline, John Wick is invincible, THE END.<br/><br/>Overall disappointed. Don't get me wrong!!! I LOVE KEANU, but this movie sucks! I fell asleep, first scenes get you on the edge but after no storyline and just fighting parts it really gets annoying! Only fun and different we're Sophia's cool dogos 🐕 This movie is a major disappointment. lots of violence without any real plots. The lines to make us laugh were boring and cliche. Even though Reeves was a great actor in the Matrix, here he barely moved. Far too many repetitive fights. I reckon in Casablanca there cannot be any male population left because all of the men from there were slaughtered when John Wick was trying to escape from it. If there had been fewer repetitious fights and more substantial dialogues, the film would have turned out to be more appealing and compelling. Utter rubbish. Went to see this expecting so much more. Total waste of my time I don't think I'll bother with chapter 4. I thought excommunicado would be like hell, but it is not. That's why it's disappointing.<br/><br/>I love John Wick, I love its world : the underworld organized crime, the high table, the continental, etc. But this chapter is filled with annoying plot holes, strange story line, bad fighting scene (except in the earlier 1/3 part of the movie, it's awesome !), and other disappointing things that I don't want to remember.<br/><br/>This movie had a potential to be a great ending for John Wick, but instead they push themselves to stretch the story and (i guess) plan to make a fourth chapter which is resulting a forced story of this chapter 3.<br/><br/>I still plan to watch chapter 4, but this chapter is disappointing. Watching this movie is no different to watching one on PS4 game, senseless killing, bad narrative, terrible acting and as for the plot, the less we discuss that the better. I couldn't carry on watching and it's not often I do this when a movie is a sequel and has high rating. There couldn't have been more than 6 pages of dialogue in the entire movie. 2 full hours of nonstop choreographed fights and guns. This is a waste of time for any one who enjoys a storyline and good dialogue. Save your money! Compared with the previous J-Wick movies, this chapter 3 is the least interesting film to watch. The fighting scenes are taken too long, with a minimum story overall. I was ok with the first John Wick movie. Although it didn't have much "acting", at least there was a bit of plot and sort of made sense. The second movie went downhill and seemed to be just an excuse for staging way too many improbable fight sequences. And now with the final movie they've decided that a plot isn't really necessary as long as there are lots of fight sequences. It's one of the few movies I wanted to get up and leave, but I stuck it out. I can always tell if I'm bored at a movie by the number of times I check my watch to see how much time is left, and I did that way too many times for this movie. This is definitely my last John Wick movie... I must admit, really liked the first John Wick movie. The second one was already quite boring, but the third one is even more pointless and boring. A pure slaughterfest for gun-lovers and people who think that killing people is any fun. Don't get me wrong, i like movies like Commando or Rambo II, which are more a parody or statement for a political climate, but this new John Wick 3 movie is just disgusting. The cinematography is very well made, and i like Keanu which makes exactly the one star in total i can give this awful waste of time. To reiterate many of the reviews here, the story was lacking and action was just WAY over the top. Elements of the unique action from the other two movies, however fight scenes were incredibly repetitive and dragged on unnecessarily. Violent non animated version of "Catch the pigeon " cartoon. A bunch of assasins trained by Charlie Chaplin who have no concept that a gun is a distance weapon attempt to male John Wick look good. Great if you like mindless violent chewing gum for your eyes The storyline is completely lost with the "overkill" of unnecessary long drawn out action scenes. Don't recommend this movie at all. Respectfully to those of you who like to watch violent video games - this was awful. It's a violent video game put into over two hours of movie time. I actually liked the first movie - there was some acting and a story line. This is sheer violence for the sake of shock value. I realize there are those of you out there who love this stuff. For the rest of us - don't bother. We walked out after an hour and thinking perhaps it would change. Stupid on our parts. Doesn't take many more words than this.<br/><br/>IF you want to sit thru 2+ hours of silly implausible fighting--where4 really everyone would be DEAD with first blow but seems to be an inhuman robot-- with NO plot, go right ahead.
Don't way you weren't warned.<br/><br/>OH my GOD.....was this a disgrace to call a movie at all, just assemble fighting scenes on your computer, call it a day. Guess no one expect anything anymore & scary to think those rating THIS will be in charge of running our country someday (think they started already).
Hard to say...might be tie for worst movie of the year thus far.<br/><br/><br/><br/>Where did the WRITERS go? What a STUPID movie. Never seen a human have so many fights and kill so many people with so little grazes. Reminded me of a computer game. How it's got an 8.0 rating is beyond me Cannot be more disappointed. Where is humanity? Where is the story line? Too boring. Kill again and again and again and again. Video games are even better. Not recommended at all. Why do they bother making a sequel which is just more of the same thing, predictable, boring, just some interesting action scenes and then one and a half hours of same same same.
He has only one face, like Cage.
I hoped, so much hoped, that it would end here.
There were no premises for a third and they want to make a fourth an I pray they wont.
Please stop this now.
It is embarrassing. Usless and pointless killing !! the scenes are great but 2 hours of killing n fighting and cliches sentences from other movies "If you want peace gotta prepare for war" Gozilla..and "i need lots of guns" Matrix... so boring and after he got shot and fell of a bldg. he remains alive ??? ðŸ˜‘ who are u kidding !!!??? ohhh and dont forget Catwoman returned with 2 dogsðŸ˜‚ Nonstop action. Literally, that's all this movie is. Writers continue to get lazy by substituting action, special effects and CGI for story, dialog and character development. Too many movies are going in this direction. All action and no substance. Movie could have been 30 minutes shorter. On some fight scenes, I really wanted to say "when is this going to be over". Bad guys had dozens of opportunities to kill John Wick but they let him go free. Not realistic and over the top. The Wick character was interesting in the first movie, and that carried over to the second movie. Both of those movies had a story. This third movie does not. It's nothing more than one long fight sequence stupid, and not a very good fight, either. The choreography here doesn't match movies one and two. So basically, it just seems cartoonish, except it isn't much fun to watch. I wasted two hours on it. Don't bother. This movie disturbed me with is naked display of brutality, mass killing spree and madness and cruelty. I had to stop the movie more than couple of times because I was tired to take this madness in the name of earning money. Keenau Reeves is one of my favorite movie stars but I must say that he should choose such movie more carefully because madness..ticket to mass kill..cruelty gets a face and acceptance to new generation through his face. I wonder a move which has killing of people one by one almost per second...scenes like being emply with ammunition while shooting one person and holding him, reloading the gun and then shoot again to ensure his dearh are in numbers- such stories are written directed acted sensor cleared and watched with millions with pop corn! If I was John Wick, as soon as I come to know that there will be an open contract for me, I will go somewhere, where normal people live and disappear. Wait for a few days for the wounds to heal. Then have a good haircut and a shave. Get rid of that bloody awful full suit and wear a t-shirt with shorts and slippers. I bet no one will see you as "the john Wick" any longer. Get into a public bus and leave town for good.<br/><br/>Of course it did not happen in the movie because if it is, it won't be a John Wick Movie.<br/><br/>It is a movie full of dull fights and stupid hero.<br/><br/>John Wick 3, producers might have thought that the spectators will be fond of an endless chain of fighting, which becomes very very dull within the first two fights. I enjoyed the last two in a kind of "guilty pleasure" way, but man this is tedious. There is no plot as such, just a preposterous story line that basically leads to 120 minutes plus of killing after killing after killing. I'm not sure if it's meant to be funny? But often the the violence is so Tom and Jerry that it's hilarious. One scene in particular involving glass cases is hysterically funny. The acting is non existent - not that any is required of the "script" I have to say. Every other person on the planet appears to be some kind of super assassin ( not as super as Keanu obviously) and their leader lives in the desert a million miles from anywhere, although someone does actually give Keanu directions!!! I kid you not. Whoever thought an "all action" movie could be so stunningly boring. I'll give you 20 mins before you're looking round the room wondering if you should decorate soon. First one was good, second eeh
But third one for me personally is just stupid
No story, no character development, just action scene one after another but to me personally it's very bad, they wait to attack him also everyone have gun when john has it, but when he doesn't then they also use knives and then fist fight, very scripted and bad!
No one can make a quality movie any more that isn't or superhero or remake but there isn' t many of them too..
Shame.. Part one and two I loved! This one is repetitive and boring. This is only stabbing, shooting and punching, completely unbelievable. Who wrote this thing? Matrix is more believable, even Game of Thrones is closer to reality than John Wick 3 I very rarely write reviews but I'm quite disappointed. The first movie deserves the highest rating of the three so far and it was my personal favorite of the franchise. It was different and a refreshing take on a revenge movie and to be honest, I was skeptical from the very start that they made a third. The second was OK but not great either. Don't listen to these high ratings, listen to your average movie goer. The high ratings clearly comes from the movie industry. Should have been called John Wick Masscacre, my goodness. All that violence and for what? The first 20 minutes were great but it gets repetitive and boring and just plain stupid. If you love action that's ridiculous and aren't bothered by a weak plot then you'll like it but other than that. Just an OK movie, nothing fantastic. Oh and by the way, John Wick will bring down the High Table with ease it seems. He can fight like a gamer using cheats. Just awesome. Very thinn plot and endless, mindless violence. It's like an old Hongkong martial art movie! You get very tired after just half an hour of all the fighting.. The protagonist is an iron man who doesn't wear armor, or a superman who can't fly - the truth of the story is close to zero. And if you ignore the endless fight, the richness of the story is very poor. Ok, I'm still bitter with Avengers: End Game but this movie is making a point on how sequel should be made. I won't even try to spoil the movie cause the trailer has spoken for itself what you will expect.<br/><br/>Real adrenaline rush, nothing held back and totally no absurd Time Travel... This movie was a good watch, some really neat fight scenes. Halle Berry should not have been second billing. She was only in it for like 10 minutes. The movie is good but has no end goal and doesn't accomplish anything. It basically was the Infinity War and Endgame of the John Wick movies. I really wanted to like it more than I did but this is a movie that will certainly not stick with me as it didn't feel fresh like the first two movies. Either way it was good just pretty damn pointless Parabellum<br/><br/>The body count in this 3rd chapter of John Wick stacked up from the start. Whilst inventive it really was just too much action, and in many way not dissimilar to the highly stylised fight scenes from Kill Bill.<br/><br/>Due to its lack of story with little or no development it ended up being very much style over substance and infinitely forgettable.<br/><br/>I love John Wick 1 & 2 but this film needed more story rather just a development on the puppy and the car joke. In the immediate lineage of the second opus, this new one should satisfy all the fans of the John Wick saga (I'm definitely one of them!) which can be considered as a huge video game, a kind of <a href="/title/tt0416779/">God of War (2005)</a>, with the audience within the movie theater as gamers. You may choose John Wick as Player 1 with an immortal cheat code or any other opponent as Player 2 without this cheat code. Although this new opus innovates with new weapons like horses, dogs, katanas and new horizons with Morocco, the recipe is, to put it simply, almost identical and always successful.<br/><br/>I especially enjoyed the tribute to the legendary film <a href="/title/tt0060196/">Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo (1966)</a> with the famous scene during which Tuco, a.k.a. The Ugly, elaborates a custom-made weapon by combining pieces from Remington, Colt, Smith & Wesson, ... and acoustically checks that the result lives up to his expectations, carefully listening to the sound of the barrel. Not to mention an unexpected reference to <a href="/title/tt0133093/">The Matrix (1999)</a> via the quote « Guns, lots of guns! »<br/><br/>But... one of the keys of a cinematographic success is a villain being up to the hero. In the first opus, Viggo Tarasov was of a rather imposing stature, i.e. the leader of the Russian underworld in New York, and interpreted by a charismatic and credible actor, <a href="/name/nm0638824/">Michael Nyqvist</a>. In the second opus, Santino D'Antonio was an abject, perfidious and megalomaniac man which sees himself as the only representative of the Camorra with the ambition to sit on the High Table, whatever it takes. In this regard, <a href="/name/nm1249052/">Riccardo Scamarcio</a> was awesome. In the third and last opus, it's almost a fiasco. Firstly, we do not really know who the big boss is. Secondly, there are a plethora of ridiculous underlings. The Adjudicator is an uptight and condescending woman (we almost want to give her slaps). Then Berrada is a wreck who shoots an innocuous dog without being able to kill it (my 5-year-old nephew would probably succeed, even with a water pistol). And finally, the Elder is a guy who drinks mint tea in the middle of the desert, surrounded by his dromedaries (no comment). Beyond this mess, Zero tries to save the day. In short, the villains are ultra-quantitative but insufficiently qualitative! We definitely need a Thanos, a T-1000, a Predator, ... figuratively speaking.<br/><br/>As a synthesis: yyeeeeeesssss! And my evening of Wednesday, May 19, 2021 is already booked, no matter what. I don't even remember the last two movies about John ... This one here was filled with fight scenes that seemed to last forever. I couldn't bare to watch till the end of the movie. I didn't even catch a story line. This movie did not live up to expectations. I cannot be the only one that noticed the laughable choreography during the fight scenes at times. It's just silly and exaggerated. In the scene where John is getting thrown into glass back and forth, you can literally see the actor running towards the glass purposely. Also the ending was a snoozefest and preposterous. No would survive getting shot four times and falling down a roof like that. And yet less than 1 minute after he falls he is able to climb up and leave, let alone even be conscious? Come on. The action scenes were laughable and overdone. Not one main "good" character mortally wounded during an ambush? Definitely don't go into this movie with high expectations. They are being way too forced now. I tell you, I felt tired with too much fights.
We can't even have a little breath. Parabellum fails to develop a strong storyline.<br/><br/>If High Table is so respected in the assassins universe, it wouldn't be so easily dismantle by Wick. It doesn't make any sense to follow all the codes if you can challenge it. The adjudicator placed a 7-day notice before executing penalties and giving people options, that feels weird, because John Wick story before this is all about the immediate and clear consequence. If you do this, you'll get that.<br/><br/>Parabellum expanded the Wick's World to the East, which opens a very interesting possibilities to play with. However, it struggles to make it natural. Kill Bill has set the bar for western fighting movies very high, making Parabellum fight scenes with the Asians assains look like Fast and Fury.<br/><br/>The fight scenes also showed a classic problem that has been solved long ago, and can be seen in so many Jacky Chan's movies, Matrix series even has solved this too. People don't brawl in order, one enemy by one enemy, the come altogether towards the target.<br/><br/>I can appreciate the addition of some new characters. Not all of them are strong. Halle Berry and Anjelica Houston are strong ones. And especially the fighting DOGS!!! The not-so-Japanese Japanese character, played by Marc Dacascos, is weak.<br/><br/>I hope the next sequel can compensate this one. 6/10 for this lazy sequel. It's not that I am not an action fan, one starts to enjoy the initial fight scenes and ample knife throwing but somewhere deep inside the movie time, say around 45 min.+ or so, the violence is dished out in complete overdose. So much so, by the end, it becomes completely numb and anesthetic to senses.. Glass is breaking or no glass is breaking, punches being dished out or not , bullets being shot or not , kicks being flung or not, ..etc ....it just feels from there so numb. Nothing more is creating an impact anymore . Its like being there , done that , seen that . Head shots will happen, one bullet kills no one , it must be always a minimum 3 to 4 excluding always two or three in the head to top on that. The Hero will fall, crash into glass, get smashed into walls, be shot at , be knifed at, be sworded at , and plethora of other mortal projectiles being hurled at ...nothing...The Hero will just stand up , walk again , in correct posture, will be able to speak normally and move all body parts as is deemed to be moved in a normal human being (sans the fatalities mentioned).
well...This is where I stop .....
Over the top violent nonsence. No storyline, just shooting, really boring, walked out after an hour or so This is the perfect example of when you don't have anything interesting to say or show except violent fighting which is so repetitive and long, it lacks shock. The movie tries to be interesting, deep and intelligent. It fails in every direction. There is nothing like John Wick episode 1. This endless franchise will only prove that the film industry ruins everything in the name of money. I saw the movie at the cinema. If I saw it at home, I certainly changed it after 20 minutes. An inexhaustible film with scenes in which a man kills many people, scenes that seemed to be the same and repeated indefinitely. Gave this movie a five only because I liked the cast, Keanu, Halley, Lawrence, Lance and Ian did a great job with a crazy story. After I watched the first John Wick movie I thought, yeah there was a lot of violence but it made since. Someone invades your home, steals your car and kills your dog you seek revenge. It was a great escape movie, violence with a plot. John Wick 2 was less successful for me, lots of violence, no plot. The best parts were minor ones, John and Santino's sister before she dies and John's professional courtesy to Common. In John Wick 3 I guess you could say there was a plot, but mostly there was stylized violence which just got boring. It would have been nice to have more plot concerning the workings of the High Table and a better adjudicator. This actress was a little boring. There is no doubt as I stated earlier the casting was great, Angelica Houston was a great addition. Finally meeting the head of the high table was also great but in total the movie was average. I was enormously disappointed in the third installment. The first movie was easily a 10/10; the second film was a solid 8/10- which is to be expected in the second film of a trilogy.
John Wick 3 however, was sloppy, over indulgent, and all of the technical accuracy of the first two films were thrown out the window for this installment.<br/><br/>I won't be seeing the fourth film, and I'm disappointed they are even making a fourth film. That's just greed, along with a total lack of regard for what made the movies so wonderful in the first place. Only have one thing to say, too much fights. It's basically no plot just action. Looong fighting scenes and for me it was way too much. John must have killed over 200 people. I almost felt asleep. This has an alright story but action - oh my. I have seen plenty good action movies and this is right up there. There is not much to say but the action, from the first minute to the last.<br/><br/>John wick becomes the real boogeyman they all have talked about in first 2 movies. Easily my favourite film of the year.<br/><br/>Yep, it's not a complicated plot, lots of people want to kill John Wick for £14m, but who cares. If you want a complicated plot, go and see Shakespear or something.<br/><br/>John Wick kills to stay alive.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are different with Guns, Knives, Swords, Books, Dogs more Gun's & even Horse's used!!<br/><br/>The audience was certainly feeling them, especially the 2nd fight that took place among a lot of knives.<br/><br/>Just waiting for John Wick Chapter 4 now! I was so looking forward to this movie, and I honestly say I do not understand how anyone could give this such a high review. I get it, movies are entertainment, but this movie totally lacks a solid story-line, it is merely a drawn out continuation of John Wick II. No kidding, right? But this one to me just hit way off target. I felt as if I had waited for absolutely nothing , and I loved John Wick and John Wick II completely solid, well written movies and I enjoyed them. However this one I felt cheated on, so two stars. There is so much action in this movie that none of the scenes, kills or stunts actually stand out. They all just blend into one another. And the fighting style is not quite the same as in the first two movies, not as quick and calculated.<br/><br/>And as for the story... there almost is none. Its not a bad movie to have playing in the background while you type the review because you know you aren't missing anything. Video game for cheetoe fingered millennials.
Better off going back to a time when people cared about developement.
Action with pacing , casting , an acrc and a score. First Blood.
This is a montage of video game cut scene chorey , noiesy and repetitive.
Cheese fingers enjoy. Embrace your cheesiness Below acceptable! No acting no story no meaning! Would prefer to have stopped at movie 2 Senseless fight scenes, plot armor and very weak story line. JW3 is nothing close to being of the same quality as JW1. This was so painful to watch. I actually became so bored that I did not even finish. I cannot even describe how boring the long and drawn out / pointless fight scenes are. It is just a very bad mindless movie. They need to go back to JW1 and rediscover what made JW a great character and concept. Where's the story line? I think the only line that meant anything was "ALL this over a puppy?" Yeah, really? This movie is a total waste of time. Should have stopped with part 2. Even that was hard to swallow. Sorry... Ok so John Wick was a good idea at the time, now we have the 3rd instalment I think it's time it stopped now! Talk about flogging a dead horse! I think we know now that no matter how many so called Assassins are out to kill John Wick none of them come close. Full of pointless action and crap story please no more Turned off John Wick after about an hour. Will be turning JW3 off after the next fight seen. Terrible dialog and acting. Unrealistic fight scenes after fight scenes. I agree with some other negative reviews, it looks like everyone is waiting for JW to make his next move before the make theirs. Silly nonesense that you'll love if your 13. Non stop brain dead nonsense. Like watching a poor video game but without being able to escape. I love good action movies, this is just killing and nastiness without bothering with script or storyline. Possibly one of the worst most pointless pieces of crap I have seen. Would rate zero if I could Really enjoyed both John Wick 1 and 2. They have always been ridiculous but in an entertaining way. The 3rd film just takes it too far for me. The fights just look like choreography, John should be dead so many times it makes Rambo look realistic. They have just set out to make the violence and body count as high as possible. It's like watching a cartoon. Why doesn't anyone just shoot him in the head? Why is he in the desert? How does he get horses to kick people in the head on demand? If you like laughing at people getting killed in silly over the top ways then watch it, if not, there's really nothing here for you. Little more than a live action computer game. A big ole snooze-fest for those wanting more than endless shoot 'em ups; it got seriously tedious, quickly.<br/><br/>Credit where it's due though, the stunts are immensely well executed and Keanu deserves kudos - hence the 3 stars - but Keanu PLEASE do something cerebral soon. I LOVED the 1st and the 2nd was good. But the 3rd is TERRIBLE. Ridiculous action/kill scenes even for an action movie. Boring characters and garbage plot. I hope the 4th can turn things around otherwise this is the new Diehard and it will be bled dry. Maybe this movie is a gun nut's wet dream but there's multiple reasons why I don't support movies like this. The cheapening of human life, meaningless long unrealistic fight scenes and the impact of such movies on impressionable young minds. The plot itself is secondary as the fight scenes make up the majority of the running time. There's no class or art about it as you watch characters blow each other's brains out at point blank range. Is this entertainment? I'd rated the first two at 6/10 - decent action films that had some sort of story thread. That was abandoned this time round. Think of those horror films which don't amount to anything more than 1001 different ways to kill someone as gruesomely as possible. After a while it just became tedious, with a few over the top moments for the sadists in our midst - do we really need to see a knife slowly being forced into and through a person's eye and into their brain (with no more motive to hate the guy than him being one of the multitude of assassins trying to kill the hero)? As for the imperviousness of the hero, it's no good showing him being stabbed, shot and beaten up if the result is that he just keeps going and never gets hit by a bullet from someone (multiple supposedly highly trained assassins) simply standing back and taking him out. Instead they all dutifully cue up to have a go at him, with one arm, then the other, then a foot...
The film's effort to portray some kind of code of honour was also absurd, given the flexibility that saw it all boiled down to 'kill or be killed'.
Halle Berry gives us the only decent scene, when she goes into full warrior mode because a guy ruthlessly killed her dog (tho' we later see both dogs in action during the escape - evidently it was as bullet-proof as the hero). If there has to be a JW4 - and everything was set up for yet another sequel - at least bring her back to lend a bit of class to the proceedings. This movie would have been better if it focused more on the story of John instead of the fight scenes. Angelica Houston and Hallie Berry were wasted on this movie. There is unfortunately zero story to the cause. I need just some emotion, story, attachment, defined characters. What we get is a movie filled with headshot after headshot after headshot. It gets soon VERY repetitive and long-winded. I did like part 1, being a somewhat original take on the genre, but this is just bad. Superhero goes into invincible rampage mode. Theres no tension. All the hard in your face fights makes you numb after seeing it done in slight variations in the one and same movie for too many times. Thats really all this movie has to offer. I was really looking forward to see this movie but it was a full disappointment. The first one set up an underground society of criminals which exists undetected with our normal live. It works perfect, you have to pay in a special currency to get into the club and all actions are more or less beneath the radar.
In the second movie this setup was slightly destroyed by introducing more and more people involved in this special society but I could bear it.
This part instead, set up a image that almost everybody is a Killer or part of this society. There're shootouts and actions in the mid of a town and it seems that there are no police everywhere. You can run threw New York and kill and shot as you like and there is no reaction but it seams to be normal to the citizens there.
Conclusion: The series moved from a action revenge movie in an interesting and cool universe to simply run and shoot movie what let me think of computer game. Sure the action scenes are cool, but action is the only thing you can see and the immersion is destroyed completely. I am happy for Mark Dacascos, ever since I first saw him fighting with (then against) his friend, Jason Momoa (and fellow Hawaiian) in "Stargate Atlantis". I know he worked hard to get where he is. He is a terrific stuntman and has a very high kick. Other than that small piece of observation, this is a pathetic film. It's all about money. If they have fun, that's great; however, this is a low-brow script. I love the variety of films Keanu Reeves has chosen in his career as an actor. This is (for me) as low as it gets. Take awat the action, and it is worthless; a big fat zero of a movie. It is great, if you're 13 years old. Chad Stahelski should truly stick to what he does best: Stunt choerography and coordination; otherwise, please do not direct any more of this pablum. Btw, it's funny to see Said Tagmaoui (a man 9 years younger than Keanu Reeves) call John Wick "my son". Too bad our friend Omar Sharif passed away, as he would have been so much better in that role (re: Lawrence of Arabia" and "Hidalgo"). ZSave youre money, people. Theu should have quit after the first film, which had a mediocre script, but was fair to good (at best). I have really enjoyed the John Wick movies but this one was terrible, I sure hope they do not make any more. It was just beyond ridiculous, using horses to knock out bad guys, seriously? As others have said, it was all action, very ridiculous action, and no story, no plot. Do yourself a favor and avoid this movie. This movie is just only a very long boring succession of very stupid fights.
John Wick fights and fights and fights tens and tens of very well trained killers and defeats all of them always with an infinte availability of bullets. A full magazine of bullets when he already shot twice in the head? Yes! And the opponent is still alive with 2 bullets in his head? Yes! So, what else? He sends the dog to eat his opponent's balls and that it! Really?!? Stupid! The whole movie is like that. Boring! This is the 3rd installation of the "Wick" franchise and this one definitely implodes on itself IMO. Parabellum meaning: prepare for war, so that kind of sets the mood for the whole movie; war and preparing for war. So, don't expect any witty repartee or philosophy on life type dialogue. The whole movie is like "Lord of the Rings: the desolation of smaug" ...desolation did indeed ensue. 'John Wick: Chapter 3-Parabellum' starts with Wick running and the whole movie doesn't stop to take a breath from there. Lots of kicking, hitting, chopping, punching, stabbing, slashing, shooting and killing interspersed with some banal dialogue; rinse and repeat. The added attraction of karate dogs (taken to a whole new level) are fresh and interesting. I laughed out loud when Wick quoted a 'Matrix' line when asking about guns. But overall, this film is basically a karate movie only with more white people and people of color. There are some big Hollywood names which I think were added to give the film some street cred and Keanue Reeves some added star support and box office draw. Speaking of which, was that a tire around Keanue's belly & a double chin? The music is loud and the dialogue is not, so be prepared with a remote to adjust volume if you wait for the streaming version. This is the kind of movie you get when rich foreign investors mess with Hollywood scripts and think they can direct just cuz they have a big budget. Its not without humor, Mostly from its own inflated self-importance and winks/nods to Wick fans. I give it 4 1/2 - 5 stars for sheer audacity. And I thought "They Live" had a long fighting scene... this movie is one long fight, it gets so boring that I slept on the boss fight.<br/><br/>Glad that I watched it for free. How this movie can score 8 out of ten is nothing but a riddle to me. Not many time did a movie disappoint me more then John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. Just replace the f-word in porn movies by another f-word, fighting, and there you have the story of John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. So, in fact there is no story at all, just fighting. Good fighting, yes, sure, but hey, if you have seen one man getting shot in the head, you've seen them all. But John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum gives you fifty. Boring! So, if you want to know how boring an action movie can be, then watch John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. Watching the gras grow is more entertaining. Can't wait to skip Chapter 4. And antoher frachise went down the drain. Verdict: When an "A" student suddenly turns in a "C" paper, you give them an F.<br/><br/>Despite all the positive reviews; unless you are looking for quick martial thrills and some unique methods of death, nearly everything else in this latest entry to the historically fantastic John Wick saga is a drawn out tapestry of mild disappointment. Not without moments of clarity, it is nevertheless unoriginal and lacking of previously well established intellect. The repetitive & terribly contrived storyline compares poorly to the previous films. You will certainly be saying "Why didn't John just..." on more than one occasion. At this point, it appears quite the overbaked ham, rehashing successful scenes from the first two films - and more than one Bruce Lee movie for good measure.<br/><br/>The ending, you ask? Ludicrous and shamefully dishonest to established character development. Any salvation that "John Wick 4" could bring to the franchise might as well be imbued with magic, aliens, or social justice - just to keep things fresh (Tongue-in-cheek, of course. Please don't. Some things really are a bridge too far.)<br/><br/>Inspirations: I left with a belly full of popcorn, and an itch to start running. This won't end well. Directed by stuntmen turned directors <a href="/name/nm0821432/">Chad Stahelski</a> and <a href="/name/nm0500610/">David Leitch</a>, and written by <a href="/name/nm4401003/">Derek Kolstad</a>, the original <a href="/title/tt2911666/">John Wick (2014)</a> was something of a sleeper hit, earning almost $90 million against a $20 million budget. <a href="/title/tt4425200/">John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017)</a>, however, was a bona fide blockbuster, earning $171 million against a $40 million budget. And now we have John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum, which has maintained the franchise's monetary trajectory, earning $230 million against a $75 million budget.<br/><br/>Not bad for a franchise that began life as a story about a guy getting revenge on the thugs who killed his puppy.<br/><br/>Except, of course, it wasn't just a puppy.<br/><br/>With Stahelski back in the director's chair for the third time, and with a script by Kolstad, <a href="/name/nm8748334/">Shay Hatten</a>, <a href="/name/nm2384772/">Chris Collins</a>, and <a href="/name/nm0009207/">Marc Abrams</a>, as with the previous films, Parabellum is built on the foundation of <a href="/name/nm0000206/">Keanu Reeves</a>'s zen-like stoicism, a quality he can deploy to make a violent sword fight look about as stressful as sleeping on velvet linen with "Fur Elise" playing in the background and a cat gently purring on the pillow beside you. And although this third entry in the franchise does flirt with a few themes amidst the mayhem, it's not trying to be something it isn't, well aware of its own identity as a completely over-the-top orgy of violence, wherein the endless deaths by gun, knife, fist, dog, horse, motorbike, sword, pencil, and book of 18th century Russian folklore, are so excessive as to transcend any possible accusations of glorifying violence. In short, the film leans into its status as basically a live-action episode of Itchy and Scratchy. Sure, it can become a little repetitive at times, and there's next to no plot or character development. But that's to ignore how aesthetically accomplished it is, how funny it is, how compelling it is, and how unapologetically entertaining it is.<br/><br/>Beginning only moments after Chapter 2 ended and about a week after Chapter 1, Parabellum opens with Wick (Reeves) attempting to flee New York with a $14 million contract on his head. Meanwhile, the High Table dispatch an Adjudicator (<a href="/name/nm3545872/">Asia Kate Dillon</a>) to look into the unsanctioned help given to Wick by Winston (<a href="/name/nm0574534/">Ian McShane</a>), Charon (<a href="/name/nm0714698/">Lance Reddick</a>), and the Bowery King (<a href="/name/nm0000401/">Laurence Fishburne</a>). To lead the pursuit of Wick, she hires Zero (<a href="/name/nm0001092/">Mark Dacascos</a>), who hates guns and is a huge Wick fanboy. With every assassin on the planet hunting him, Wick's travels bring him into contact with all manner of characters, including The Director (<a href="/name/nm0001378/">Anjelica Huston</a>), the former assassin who trained him; Sofia (<a href="/name/nm0000932/">Halle Berry</a>), the manager of the Casablanca Continental, and an old friend who owes him a favour; Berrada (<a href="/name/nm0283492/">Jerome Flynn</a>), the Master of Coin and a member of the High Table; and The Elder (<a href="/name/nm0846548/">SaÃ¯d Taghmaoui</a>), the only person above the Table.<br/><br/>Okay, first things first, Parabellum looks absolutely gorgeous. Chapter 1 and Chapter 2 both looked great, but Parabellum is in another class altogether and is genuinely one of the best looking films I've seen all year. Part of the reason for this is the symbiosis between the various component parts of the aesthetic - <a href="/name/nm0491565/">Dan Laustsen</a>'s lush cinematography; <a href="/name/nm0442606/">Kevin Kavanaugh</a>'s busy production design and <a href="/name/nm0795414/">Chris Shriver</a>'s complementary art direction; <a href="/name/nm0771472/">Evan Schiff</a>'s relatively slow editing; and <a href="/name/nm2138271/">Martyn Zub</a>'s immersive sound design. The first half of the film, which takes place at night in New York, and is essentially one long almost real-time scene, is rain soaked and bathed in glorious neon (mainly blues, greens, and reds), which reflect off the wetness on the road and bounce back towards their source, creating a dazzling display of light. When Wick nips inside a store, the vibrant colours are pulled out completely, with the brown of the store's walls and cabinets dominating, so when he heads back outside, the richness of the palette really pops. The Moroccan section of the film is predominately gold, brown, and yellow, creating a sense of serenity that contrasts nicely with the hyperactive tone of the New York scenes.<br/><br/>In terms of the action, as with the first two films, Parabellum has obviously been heavily influenced by <a href="/title/tt1899353/">Serbuan maut (2011)</a> and <a href="/title/tt2265171/">Serbuan maut 2: Berandal (2014)</a>, (the presence of <a href="/name/nm5433042/">Cecep Arif Rahman</a> and <a href="/name/nm3345670/">Yayan Ruhian</a> is no coincidence). These two films effectively redefined action cinema by shunning frenetic editing in favour of longer takes that showcased the performers' physicality. You know that seizure-inducing scene in <a href="/title/tt0936501/">Taken (2008)</a> when Mills jumps a fence, and there are literally 15 cuts in five seconds? There's none of that in Parabellum, with the audience allowed to focus on the organic progression of the ballet-like combat. And with <a href="/name/nm0262389/">Jonathan Eusebio</a>'s magnificent choreography paying homage to everyone from <a href="/name/nm0516001/">Harold Lloyd</a> to <a href="/name/nm0000036/">Buster Keaton</a> to <a href="/name/nm0001789/">Andrei Tarkovsky</a> (seriously), Parabellum doesn't just give us rote action scenes, it gives us immersive works of performance art.<br/><br/>The film also includes any number of scenes that really shouldn't work, so insane are they. There's a fight in a library during which books become as deadly as knives; a scrap that takes place in an antique knife shop, where Wick and his opponents only realise that they're surrounded by literally hundreds of knives when they run out of ammo; a horse versus motorbike gauntlet (with swords) that has more than a passing resemblance to a similar scene in <a href="/title/tt6777338/">Aknyeo (2017)</a>; a huge to-do in a Moroccan bizarre involving two people and two dogs against a legion of hired thugs; an old-fashioned shootout in the Continental; and a climactic gunfight cum sword fight in a room made entirely of glass. The fact that the film can pull off such ludicrous scenes without becoming a parody of itself is as good a testament to the craft on display as anything.<br/><br/>Both previous Wick films have been said to resemble video games in their visual design, and this is even more pronounced in Parabellum, not just in its aesthetic, but in some of its narrative beats. For example, each fight is harder than the last (i.e., the difficulty level increases). A scene in a stable where Wick uses a horse to take out two thugs is essentially an environmental assassination straight out of the Hitman franchise. There's a single driving level (there's always a single driving level), and a non-combat level where Wick must reach his destination before dehydrating. To make it to the final battle, Wick must face down a platoon of heavily armoured soldiers, each of whom requires multiple hits before going down, whilst Wick himself has to pause for a weapon upgrade. Then we have a mini-boss fight, followed by the real boss fight against Zero. And this is not a criticism. On the contrary, part of the film's charm is its resemblance to a violent, hyper-stylized, morally questionable video game in which one must kill waves of faceless opponents.<br/><br/>One of the reasons the original film stood out so much was the brilliance of Kolstad's world-building. It wasn't just a movie about a former assassin being pulled back into the trade. Instead, it depicted a fascinating underworld featuring an international Assassin's Guild, a hotel for assassins in which violence is prohibited, even an assassins' currency. In Chapter 2, Kolstad introduced the person who helped Wick retire, the High Table, blood markers, and the Bowery King. Parabellum continues the expansion, introducing the person who trained Wick, the Master of Coin, the Elder, the adjudication process, excommunication, and deconsecration (where a hub is declared no longer a safe space). The mythology has deepened with each film, and the fact that it has so many old-world religious connotations drives home the sense of ancient ideologies being applied to people who must be ultra-modern in their affairs.<br/><br/>Are there some problems? Well, any film this violent is going to have immediate detractors. But the thing is, the movie doesn't take itself too seriously, nor does it expect the audience to, so the question of 'irresponsibility' when it comes to violence is kind of a moot point - of course it's irresponsibly violent, it's supposed to be irresponsibly violent. Does it treat guns and knives fetishistically? Yes, to a certain extent it does. Is it celebrating guns and violence in a realistic socio-political manner? No, not in the slightest.<br/><br/>Having said that, the violence can occasionally come across as meaningless, insofar as it doesn't seem to have any ramifications for any of the main characters. Related to the disassociation that presenting violence like this can have, there's the problem that simply by virtue of logistics, almost all of Wick's opponents are nameless and faceless extras. The one real criticism I had is that the narrative structure is a little awkward, and on several occasions, actions and decisions reached over the course of multiple scenes are simply undone just a couple of scenes later.<br/><br/>This notwithstanding, I absolutely loved Parabellum. Easily the best in the franchise thus far, it's more ambitious, more ridiculous, more violent, and more entertaining. Sure, themes such as fealty, honour, and fate come and go without much engagement. But this is not what the film is about. Instead, Stahelski has crafted an action film that features extraordinary aesthetic elements and a wonderfully vibrant visual design. Parabellum doesn't just unapologetically revel in its excessive violence. It makes art out of its excessive violence. ..if it were ending here. (NO SPOILERS)
I don't know if they got new fight choreographers for this film, but the fights were not as fluid or believable as the previous two films. You see FAR MORE pulled punches and stabs, and, well, Keanu is 50 something.
Halle Berry is downright laughable.
I know they are making a 4th, and I will watch when it comes on television.
It's a shame as the first two are great in terms of technicality and fights. Those films flew by, this one feels all of its run time. This wasn't a good movie. If not for the John Wick fight choreography, it would have been an abject terrible movie.<br/><br/>From the complete lack of discernable plot, to the extraordinarily absurd ending, this movie turned into an exercisenin the ridiculous. Unwilling to get bogged down with dialog, the film probably has the shortest script in 20 years.<br/><br/>Seeing Keanu Reeves plummet to his death at the end was the only saving grace. Seeing him regain consciousness shortly thereafter reminded me that they'll be expected to pony up some cash in two years for more of this.<br/><br/>No thanks. John Wick, the series started very well & the second film was a good follow up but I'm not sure I can say the same for this one.
It started very well & the first hour had me ready to sing it's praises but the protracted fight scenes later on took the reality away from my initial interest. It was well produced but too long for what it was offering. Left feeling disappointed. This is one weird film. When it started I wondered why I liked John Wick but after 10 minutes and a fight in the library I thought 'ahhhh this is why'. Then after the second fight with knives then a third in the stables before any semblance of a plot I thought 'okay this is stupid now, I can't take another 90 minutes of inconsequential fighting and murdering in some pretentious no police hit man world'. Off it went.<br/><br/>The John Wick trilogy seems to be mirroring the Matrix trilogy. A brilliant first entry, a decent second one then a wtf third. The whole essence of John Wick is gone and has been replaced with some sort of Terminator Wick.<br/><br/>So off it went and Godzilla King of Monsters went on and 20 minutes later that was off and we watched Okja on Netflix instead.<br/><br/>5 stars for the top creative murdering action. I guess You have to give credit to all the work they put in making the action scenes but as a whole, just a boring stupid movie that should never have been made. Great actors but absolutely awful movie. Had only regrets after watching it A complete waste of time. i like action scenes but this is over the top. One man kills 150 people , gimme me a break. Mindless action. Title says it all. This is just the most boring run-and-gun without any feelings whatsoever. Worlds away from the original. It cannot be compared with previous series. Too many killings and shots with no sense All fighting, no plot. Cool visuals but got really bored. Waaaay too long. The worst film I have endured for quite some time.
Absolutely mindless violence. In few words its dull and boring , why this all kicking and hitting too much i should sleep while seeing . He killed everyone... I watched gun shots 2 hours :) Call of duty in real life, horrible movie.
Just dont get te high rating. This movie looks like the mashup of all mindless and brainless action sequences from Hollywood. He protagonist keeps on bumping into and off people. Trash even by super Hollywood standard. I really liked the 1st and 2nd movies and was looking forward to this. Unfortunately it's terrible and easily one of the worst movies ever made. Quick question: Faced with an enemy ninja armed with a katana standing 20ft away do you a) grab 1 of the 50 different assault rifles on the shelf next to you and shoot him, b) pull the gun from you belt and shoot him or c) run towards him whilst screaming to try and stab him with a knife? So disappointing... Not sure how this movie has such high ratings. The movie just flows from action scene to action scene with a weak plot and even weaker acting from some A-list stars. If you liked Rambo first blood, then you'll love this movie. Why does everyone suck in this film?<br/><br/>Except for Keanu (because that's just how he is) and Laurence Fishburne (who's amazing in everything) everyone has delivered their worst performance in any film ever.<br/><br/>The ever-terrible, Academy award winner (no joke, or yes joke, depends how seriously you take academy awards), Halle Berry, has managed to deliver a performance on par with her other hits such as Catwoman and X-men. How does she still get casting roles is beyond me.<br/><br/>The Adjudicator - what can be said about her performance that hasn't been said about Afghanistan. Cringe all around and enough for everyone.<br/><br/>Everyone said that the action is boring and the plot is thin and they're right. While the first John Wick was unique with a compelling character and world building, the second fell a little short by comparison. But this one? Wow. It's so bad it feels like it was made by Disney.<br/><br/>Having said that, it's not the worst movie every made, even though Halle Berry is in it. But it is, after all, the long awaited third John Wick. I'm not so much into action movies and even I was excited for it. The bar was set very high and just as highly it has disappointed. If this movie floats your boat then I would suggest your bar is set extremely low! How on earth does Reeves even get a look in for movie rolls? This is mindless garbage that if you've got some grass to watch grow or paint to dry then I would suggest that instead of this tripe. This movie surely hasn't deserved anything above a rating of 4 stars. The story is childish, the mistakes in the movie are just ridiculous! Apparently people only use one hand to fight and actually look like they are waiting until they are allowed to punch the main character. Not really sure what I just watched. I have seen the other John Wick movies and loved them but this is just to stupid for words. Its like some kind of promo film for stunts and it seems now John Wick is another marvel style movie and John Wick is a superhuman.<br/><br/>I love a good action movie and of course movies are far fetched but this is on another level. Its just one silly fight after anther with a very thin transparent story which made no sense at all.<br/><br/>I give this 2 stars because I like Keanu Reeves but no idea why he agreed to act in this.... was it a joke that he only knew.....<br/><br/>Just shows again you cannot rely on reviews How is it even possible that so many people rated this film as a 10 star performance?!? This is definitely no Goodfellas or Scarface! Just another boring movie filled with fight scenes and no meaningful story to hold everything together I'll start by mentioning I'm a action movie fan and I enjoyed the first two John Wick movies. This movie starts off with a lame fight scene and the same lame drawn out, unrealistic fight scenes don't end for the entire movie. There is no substance to the movie and barely any story or motive for John Wick. I'm amazed at the high rating this movie has, but this movie definitely doesn't deserve anything more than a 2/10 Which is about all the plot of this one and having just watched John Wick killing installment 1 (with the death of a puppy), this one is no different. If you want endless armies of Hollywood extras being brutally and graphically murdered - this is YOUR FILM. If you like choreographed fights that go on FAR longer than they should - this is your film. If you want emotion, you won't find it here. Plot? Like the first one, HAHAHAHA. People want to kill John Wick so he has to kill all of them and more to stay alive. That's about it. Oh there are diversions - nice to see Halle Barry in a new roll but even her dog is shot. (Not really). Then onto endless killing scenes and more killing scenes and more and more. Plot pause, 7 lines of dialogue and more killing scenes. It goes on forever!!! American cinema has descended into mindless blood junk 1 out 10 - don't waste your time or money. An action movie doesn't have to have action scenes every minute. First movie was great, but in this one there was no character development whatsoever, and I seriously believe that it was a waste of time after 30 minutes because all action scenes start to repeat themselves after that. John was a great character in the first movie but in this one he appears to be killing everyone mindlessly and I think this is an unpopular opinion but his love for his wife is barely mentioned though it is one of the primary things that motivates him for killing all the side characters. I didn't like it and I couldn't actually see the hunter nature of John Wick, in which he acts wildly but also with precision. Also I don't think the fight scenes were that spectacular, I didn't like the camera angles or the choreography of the fights which I think is a huge downside for move it like this which is composed of 80% action. I think he lacks character that he had in the first movie and I am very surprised that this movie was rated an 8 on IMDb. I am a very big fan of the first 2 John Wick movies. What happened to this one? There is zero plot. I like watching Keanu Reeves but without a solid story, the movie just felt hollow. Here's hoping for a better #4 if one is made. Disappointing. Not good Boring 1-10 I don't like it Nothing new ..... It's an Indian movie but missing the dances. It should be labeled as fantasy. The movie lacks the charm of the first two parts and everything just repeats itself for 2 hours. Also, the character who saved John in the first place now ends up almost killing him, no character consistency - at all. Heavily disappointed and bored. I loved the first two and watched them several times. This one was dull, with no story and boring fight scenes. Unfortunately it was a very poor film. It was full of action scenes without emotion and repetition. Don't waste your time watching this movie! Disappointing and boring. Mindless over rated fighting scenes that go on and on and on and on...why?
3 stars for the dogs and Vivaldi music. As a huge fan of the first two movies I came into this one with high expectations.
What drawn me into this franchise particularly was the apparent realism of the fight scenes. They were extremely fast paced, the enemies would use guns when they could and attack when they could, and John would use the gun virtually all the time at a breathtaking pace to repel those hordes. However, something happened to the director in this movie. The action scenes are just horrible - John routinely finds himself without a gun, disarms enemies barehanded, but instead of taking their guns remains barehanded. Enemies with guns CHARGE John (so he can disarm them) instead of just shooting him from a distance. Enemies with guns charge blindly out of cover into an area where people are shooting RIGHT NOW, to get mowed down by John. Enemies choose swords and knifes instead of guns. But most annoying - enemies WAIT to attack the main character. Enemies with guns wait and wait until he shoots them instead of just shooting him. Enemies in hand combat wait until he's done with another enemy to attack him. This is SO apparent that it completely ruined the fun for me. Sure, most of the time they do so off-screen, but even then I kept thinking "come on, he barely slapped him, what's he doing for the past 5 seconds?!?" and sure enough he comes charging in after those 5 seconds, fresh as a cucumber. But even on-screen there are plenty of opportunities where the enemies just sit there in a chokehold doing absolutely nothing while Keanu tends to other enemies - not trying to stab him, or break free, just resting there. Plenty of punches don't connect in an embarrassingly obvious way.
In addition to that, the plot is non-existent, the blood is obviously done in CGI, and often times obviously poorly, and Keanu looked old and tired to me - he just didn't cut it as a super-assasin. His movements were slow and strained. He ran like an old guy. At one point he's seen without a shirt - a pasty middle-aged dude with not a muscle in sight. Beyond boring, went out for a walk and they were STILL fighting when I got back ! Such a shame as the first two were brilliant. ( the one star is only because I couldn't score it none ) . Not good film I don't like it nothing new I dont know why people's excited Don't get me wrong I loved John Wick 1. But Parabellum scenes were so repetitive u can actually see the same actor in a full body suit getting killed by Keanu Reeves with the exact same set of moves more than 20 times, only with different camera angles. It gets boring very fast. Unlike John Wick 1 they didn't even bother to count ball cartridges, the man rolls 2 cartridges in and literally shoots 10 times. Like watching someone play a video game that they've never lost a match in. About 90 plus minutes of a 2 hours and change film with nothing but that. I know there's an audience for those games, and there's big money in that market, but that does not make for even a passable movie. Just popcorn fodder. Remember how much of a surprise it was to see the quality of the first John Wick, after years of middling Keanu movies? It feels like with Chapter 3, that effect has worn off, at least a little bit. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a helluva ride, but one that can't quite maintain a 130 minute runtime, a full 30 minutes longer than the first film. I've never been one to try and say how long certain genre films should be, especially since barriers shouldn't be put on any director if they have a certain goal in mind.<br/><br/>With that said, when 80 percent of your movie is high octane gun battles or hand to hand combat fighting, there's only a particular amount of action you can take. Whether or not I liked it, I was subconsciously feeling drained from the experience once the third act kicked in, and that's never a good thing.<br/><br/>Couple that with a villain who never feels as much of a threat to Wick as the film wants us to believe, which brings up a bigger issue about the fact that this series hasn't truly found the right match for its titular assassin. Much like the first two films, I can certainly see myself going back and watching individual scenes, particularly the one in the library, the motorcycle chase, and the one with Halle Berry & the dogs, but I don't know that I'm ever going to watch the entire film again. This is not to mention just how ridiculous that ending was, but we can talk more about that once news of a John Wick 4 inevitably arrives. Sigh.<br/><br/>6.8/10 <ul><li>Weirdest storyline ever, if you can find one...</li><li>Orgy of very bad repetitive fighting scenes, he killed 299 people on-screen!</li><li>Who came up with those tattooed women that work for the Table that look like pin-up girls, a job requirement?</li><li>Keanu Reeves can't really act</li><li>Laurence Fishburne and Halle berry can act, but why did they sign up for this?!</li><li>Watch 30min which was 30min too long...</li></ul><br/><br/>Best fighting scene in the last 5 years is from Mission Impossible Fallout, bathroom fight and i'm not even a big fan of Mission Impossible except the first one. Compare that with this. That's how bad this film is. We were bored to death halfway through. All the fight scenes were blown so far out of proportion that it wasn't even close to enjoyable to watch. I thought Part II is the most worst movie of all time. I was wrong. Its Part III. Overrated and boring due to the fighting, shooting, fighting, killing, shooting, killing, fighting... am I boring??? Not as boring as the movie. What a waste! Part of me wants to pretend that I couldn't find the paper thin plot of the film and rag on it for a complete and total lack of story... but I could follow what little of a plot there was so that would be kind of disingenuous.<br/><br/>Not only that, but it would also be pretending that I didn't know what kind of movie this was when I sat down with my wife to watch it. And, honestly, I can't stand the reviews that take a John Wick film and pretend that they expected something like Chinatown walking in.<br/><br/>You know the ones I'm talking about, those reviews that lament the fact that they got a brainless action movie when they sat down to watch a brainless action movie.<br/><br/>If I said "I'm not that deep" I'd be giving them too much credit. So rather than saying that, I'm going to say that, when I sat down to watch it, I didn't lie to myself and pretend it was going to be anything more than a John Wick film.<br/><br/>What you have is sleek, beautifully choreographed action brought to you in the most brutal of ways and delivered in a form that requires you to suspend your disbelief because it is just the right amount of totally unrealistic.<br/><br/>Does it have a plot? Yeah, but not really. It has just enough of a plot to make a loose story and not so much that it would get in the way of what was promised to be carnage candy.<br/><br/>And, honestly, carnage candy is the promise that the John Wick people gave us and nothing more... and each installment of the franchise delivers on that promise. It never, ever, claims that it is anything more than an action film, and it never, ever pretends to be anything deeper.<br/><br/>It isn't a great film. It never claims to be. But it is a great action film, so you have to take it for what it is. Poor, more of a dance with knives and guns. Far too many fights, the writers seems to have forgotten to put a plot in between each set piece. An average rating of above 7? I watched most of the movie in fast forward. The fight scenes have become boring, gory and too long from previous parts. I wont be watching the next chapter if it ever comes. More boring and unoriginal nonsense. Stop it Hollywood just stop! Watch the first one maybe the 2nd, but the 3rd....hahahahahah Dont waste money and time.. I feel bad for Keanu Reeve and Halley Berry, but they deserved better, at least a descent plot. This movie was the worst!! I haven't bought a bluray in 3 years. Today I had a sudden change of mind an descided to buy john wick 3, wich I haven't watched in cinema before.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the first movie a lot and also the second one.<br/><br/>But I regret buying this movie.<br/><br/>As others already pointed out, the film has an absurd storyline. Most of the movie is fighting scenes. And those are pretty boring.<br/><br/>Alot of dialoges are trying to copy the groove of the earlier movies. This movie is nothing more than one fight scene after another. It is bloody and sensational. There is no way that one or two people can kill that many people at once without being hurt or killed. I know it ls just a movie but this is just ridiculous. The first John Wick was acceptable, the second was labouring the point but this was just regurgitating the same old bland fight scenes with no conceivable benefit. At least the first one had a story, hardly a mind blowing story but at least it had one. I assume the screenwriter for this one completed it in a day whilst having a 6 hour lunch break with plenty of alcohol.<br/><br/>What I actually find bewildering is they have set it up for the forth chapter, there is no way that they can recover this franchise from such a dire film. It will make money but at what cost to the actors dignity. Fight after fight after fight after fight, story line poor, staged fighting, can see every move coming. Pointless drivel. Possibly one of the worst films ever. No real plot. Just a shoot 'em up for the entire time. No acting needed, a big plus for Keanu as his acting ability is questionable any way. This film is clearly just made for money. Just rubbish and a waste of 2 hours of your life. What a terrible film the first film is awesome the second film was annoying as the foley artists were dubbing the wrong car chase at the start but this is an all time low I got to the action scene with the dogs which was well done but the plot is ridiculous and dull please don't make number 4 The 3rd film in a trilogy always sucks but was hoping Parabellum would be different. Can't seem to understand why someone would want to enter a knife fight with another person who has a gun. It just doesn't make any sense. The part 1 and 2 were 10 times better than this. Also fights get boring after sometime. Another 14g on his head. No reasoning and complete bs. STOP THIS FRANCHISE YOU ARE MORE THAN FINISHED. That's the only thing you will see in that movie, 90% action that gets boring, and the other 10% of this movie gets annoying...
somebody please give my money back
at least my time It is just stupid. I am truly surprised at the high ratings it has received. It is just plain stupid : ( Zero plot! Endless fighting and not very good I might say! Pointless dialogues! Keanu, man really?? Surprising to see the 7+ ratings in IMDB .
Lengthy fight scenes , we can literally see Keanu is slower than the enemy in the fight scenes and yet he wins .
Yes this series does not have any logic like any other action packed movies
but still this is way far away !! The fight scenes were laboured and mr Reeves isnt ss young as he was which shows in the fight scenes especially the china town one were the chasers were sort of waiting for him to hit them it didnt feel fluid and neither did the library fight,it seem hes too wooden to make it look fluid and the plot is the same again with same hotel same same same.....oh and only john wick can come out of the rain into the library and not be even damp.....plus the dessert part was the worst part of a film I've seen in many years it's so lazy writing its untrue...the whole film was bad theres nothing good about it from poor plot to terrible fight scenes and the worst bosses in history...who shoots a dog when you can kill a hitman wanted by everyone?
And was every one blind in the train station?just slice up some dudes in full view of everyone and nobody bats an eyelid ...oh and why did the motorcycle guy try pull wick off a horse when he had a gun in his pocket ?..the only good thing is they changed his white shirt for a black one later on so it didnt show the blood disappearing and reappearing..... Gave this movie a 4 while watching.
Afterwards changed it to 2...
'Nuff said Add 2 aging A minus stars, 2 well-trained dogs, hundreds of stuntmen and walla you've John Wick 3.. I left. If I wanted violence w/o a plot..I could've stayed home and watch tv. There may have been a story here, but it was fairly well obscured. Angelica Huston was wasted, and Keanu Reeves didn't have to act. Nearly all of the thing consisted of a series of "Wham, Bam, Smack" fights.
Jan Nylander This sequel proves yet again that more is not necessarily better. Over the top,cartoonish scenes that only children and retarded adults could appreciate. At the end of a second chapter we've been left guessing how the hell John's gonna get out of this and it would be better to keep it that way. Until they could've write a better script at least.<br/><br/>Action by itself is still really good, but in the first two movies director raised the bar so high, he barely could reach it out the third time. From scene to scene, he breaks his own rules and exploits his own tricks so often that they stop surprising at the beginning of the film. Some of the movements in some fight scenes looks so slow, like if the actors were rehearsing. I am not sure is it the fault of DP (the previous film, which he shot as well, didn't have this problem) or someones else's, but it is what it is.<br/><br/>New characters are flat and an old ones became rusty and less attractive. I don't want to spoil, so I'll just write that the Ruby Rose's character in the second film was more interesting and way more hot. Mark Dacascos's character... the Parabellum not worth of a second watch, so I will not find out how he spoke (I mean the accent) his lines, but imagine he's spoking in dubbed translation in russian with a fake japanese accent. It's ridiculous, but that's how I've watched it in a theatre.<br/><br/>Oh, I liked the reference to The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, but the scene which continues the reference looks so bad and cheap (VFX sucked), that the good impression from the first one fades away.<br/><br/>There is no more style. So if you don't want to ruin an impress from this universe, don't watch it. You won't see nothing exciting. You'll be bored. The first 30 minutes of the movie were great and exciting. After that it become only more of the same and then some more of the same. I don't understand why this movie gets such great reviews here. Part 1 & 2 were far more enjoyable than this one and had some sort of an interesting story line to it. Hopefully they stop the franchise after this one but with an end like this you never know. I saw this on a plane and glad I didn't pay to see it. It's not bad enough to stop watching but it's ridiculously over-the-top and repeats the formula of the last one. John Wick cannot die and it's him against the world basically in this one. The first film was great and completely unexpected. Then they made the second one, which was still good, but delved into ridiculous territory. And now there's this one where he's literally killing crowds of people for most of the film and riding a horse at one point through the city. It's become a parody sadly. Waste of production mooney waste of production mooney waste of production mooney
A long, a VERY LONG sequence of improbable and impossible staged fights.
A waste of time.
A long, a VERY LONG sequence of improbable and impossible staged fights.
Waste of production mooney waste of production mooney waste of production mooney
Shame on Keanu! The script writers must have been on a bonus for sleeping on this movie. Plot wise, a backward child could do better than this as a part of a rushed homework assignment.
Two hours of mindless boredom and guns with endless bullets. If thats your thing, then go for it, if you want something above the mentality of spongebob, then watch a different movie. John Wick 1 was pretty good. A little uneven here and there, but some great style and energy.<br/><br/>John Wick 2 was over the top cartoonish, but pretty great. Unexpectedly continued the story in an interesting way. It expanded the whole "assassin's underworld" - they're every second person in NY - to ridiculous levels, but it was still pretty good. The plot didn't really get in the way of all the action.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 - bloody hell. Why? Why?! What were they thinking?<br/><br/>So yea, it continues the story, but in the most boneheaded way possible. John Wick is running - okay, cool. He has a marker?! Wow! I wonder if he'll use it to do something cool - no, he doesn't.<br/><br/>The High Table sends an adjudicator and punishes those who assisted John? I wonder if they'll fight back - no, they don't.<br/><br/>John Wick instead goes to the desert (where apparently - "the Elder" - the mysterious leader of the literally millions of assassins lives like some quasi-Egyptian/Arab Bedouin nomad king - does he have an internet connection out there?) and literally cuts his finger off to get a second chance to rejoin the assassin fraternity. Then when the characters he's sent to kill says "Hey, don't kill me. Fight against the High Table", John Wick says, "Oh yeah, great idea." While he's standing there with his finger cut off... #$%& me - how stupid can they make this story?<br/><br/>Like, literally, what the hell? The script is so completely retarded. It wrecks the whole film. It's all pointless - maybe that was the director's point?<br/><br/>John Wick 2 set the film up so well, and #3 just sh#ts all over it. Absolutely hated it. 0 out of 10, but I gave it 2 in the hopes that they fire the director and hire better writers for #4. An utter waste of 2 hrs. Where was the story? Too much emphasis on shooting and martial arts. Give the dogs the oscars as they acted brilliantly.
They really should have had a knife amnesty before filming.
Aimed at an audience of youngsters to lead them into tomorrow's yobbo's. Parabellum is Latin for "prepare for war" and also the name of the odd firearm or two, so giving how the last film ended, they are both incredibly apt to be included in the title of John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. Across two films, John Wick has certainly gone to war after being brought out of retirement, killing many in the process however, the war he has to prepare for in Parabellum is unlike anything we've seen before.<br/><br/>Having killed a member of the international assassin's guild on the grounds of the Continental Hotel, the one act that can never be undone, John Wick (Keanu Reeves) goes on the run from an elite band of hit men and women everywhere, all after the $14 million price tag put on his head.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum feels like a celebration of the action genre, showing no franchise fatigue and referencing a number of great action films in the process, even a nod to the original action man, Buster Keaton, graces the film in its opening moments. The first two films delivered hard-hitting action but Parabellum takes it to a whole new level for the franchise, with books, horses and dogs playing a major part in doing so.<br/><br/>It's the meticulousness of the choreography and the energy of the cinematography from Dan Laustsen that brings the masterful action sequences to life, the pulsating motorbike chase/sword fight being the crowning glory of Parabellum. It's a welcome reminder of the genius of the stunt work that goes into making films like these and how it's about time they should be seeing much more recognition for their work come awards season.<br/><br/>Parabellum maintains a rather cutthroat pace throughout, right from the frantic opening half hour through to the brutality of the final act. There's a lot more humour on show in this instalment, which works due to how ludicrous some of the action has now become, and the world of the assassins is expanded upon a bit more, which comes as no surprise with a television show to about the Continental Hotel network on the horizon.<br/><br/>Nothing encapsulates John Wick as much as Keanu Reeves does, a man who has been in his fair share of classics from the action genre. As the titular character, Reeves may not deliver the greatest acting performance but he does deliver one hell of a physical performance in Parabellum, months of training coming to fruition with a more believable experience for the audience.<br/><br/>Suspend your disbelief and strap yourself in because John Wick is back in spectacular fashion. Over the course of three films, he's earned his place in the action hero hall of fame in a franchise that should be regarded as one of the greatest within the action genre. Hollywood needs to stop promoting pitbulls and bully breeds. Theses dogs require an experienced owner that will ensure they know the actual strength of these dogs. recklessly pushing these animals as family dogs is negligent . A perfect action film.<br/><br/>Each instalment of John Wick has been an improvement on the last but without deviating from the winning formula that makes the films stand-out from everything else being made at the moment and they hark back to the great action films of the 80's/early 90's.
I know that mindless action films aren't for everybody and I certainly wouldn't recommend the John Wick films to everybody but for fans of the genre classics such as Terminator, Commando, Die Hard, Kickboxer, Point Break, etc. The Wick films are clear spiritual successors that will be cherished by fans of any of the aforementioned films and I can't recommend them highly enough.
Check-list for a classic action film:-
A plot that can be summed in one sentence? Check.
One-dimensional characters with clear motives? Done.
Action? Check.
More action. Check.
A love interest who gets only enough screen time to humanise our unstoppable. revenge/justice seeking, death machine? Check.
Anything else? More action.
If the above list doesn't appeal -- Then don't watch John Wick. There are plenty of other films out there.
If you want depth, character development and story-telling then read a good book, it's a better medium for it and they bog down the pace of a good action film where pacing is more important than depth, choreography is more important than character development and the story is only used to get the hero from one set-piece to the next.
Parabellum is a relentless, switch-off your brain and have fun film. It's ridiculous in the best ways, loud and violent from start to finish and I enjoyed it immensely.
If you haven't seen the first two, I'd recommend catching up before watching the newest instalment but I'm fairly confident newcomers to the series will pick up what's going on, or they won't, I don't think it's integral to revel in the majesty that is John Wick.
If you've ever watched 'Commando' or 'The Running Man' and thought to yourself 'They don't make films like that anymore', I can assure you...
They do. Very good.The perfect.He really did a great job.
👏💯 One of the greatest action sequences. Uncut scenes and brave action sequences take the movie to a different level. This movie takes John Wick franchisee to a different level. Must Watch Enjoyed more than Avengers Endgame. May we seeing fourth part Disgusting tattooed hipsters, a Halle Berry that doesn't belong and a boring predictable shootfest - in comparison with the other two movies that had more spirit and much more worth the time. Parabellum is nothing more than an overworked and pretentious art action movie. First hour really good, second hour the quality falls off a cliffs edge because there is no substance here. Being a John wick fan I must say I 'm extremely disappointed the movie is below expectations<br/><br/>It's not like absolutely nothing happens in the movie it's just that there are no obvious plots, gut-wrenching excitement, or character arcs that seem larger than life Terrible, boring, no story line, walked out after an hour I actually felt dirty and kind of embarrassed after watching wave after wave of victims being cooly dispatched - seemingly all by head shots. Technically, the carnage was deftly realized on the screen but it was bloody, unrelenting, irredeemable carnage that made me stop eating my popcorn and look for something else less demeaning. Anyone could have killed him at some point. Stupid. No story. As someone who enjoyed the two previous, I was obviously anxious to see this too. Unfortunately this chapter was just one too many and failed almost everywhere. Fight with Boban was so fake I can't believe it made the film. Wick looks very slow, lumbering, and extremely tired throughout. And the story, wait, there was one? Yes and it's forgettable because it hardly matters. Simply put, aside from the CGI it was difficult to watch. In the end, it was very good for just one thing: It convinced me that 4 will definitely not be on my watch list. RIP John Wick. Too long and outrageous and ludicrous violence all done with poor acting but great CGI. Can't believe I watched the whole thing. There is only one immortal John and that is John McClane, he at least makes it a lot more fun to watch. The only good thing about this movie is cinematography, colors and scenes are amazing, everything else sucks. Utterly ridiculous but worse than that completely tedious. Essentially 2 hours of rolling fight scenes bracketing a threadbare plot that made no sense even in John Wick world. You could point to Indonesian & Hong Kong martial arts/action films and say what's the difference? Well they do actually have plot lines that work, there is a believable warrior code and the choreography is tight. The majority of the choreography in this is plain sloppy and the fight scenes go on for way too long, the only one that was vaguely watchable was the Halle Berry and the attack dogs and it was still too long. But what about the characters? There are no characters. Wick himself has become a caricature of a caricature, the chief villain (based in a C19TH desert nomadic camp!) Is laughable, the chief instrument of the villain is simply wooden, the indestructible ninja killers is trope we have seen too many times and is frankly racist, McShane & Fishburne are clearly just along for the pay cheque adding nothing of value and the host of incompetent assassins is cringeworthy. Which brings us to the core problem, for an international assassination bureau this organisation is both completely dysfunction and utterly incompetent, even by the standards of the franchise it just doesn't work but the star and the producers are perfectly happy insulting audiences with this drivel.
One final point, with so many bodies piling up, and boy do they pile up, you never hear a police siren, never see a policeman; in one utterly stupid scene Wick savagely slices up one of the unbeatable ninjas in Grand Central and nothing happens, literally nothing! Crowds of commuters just walk pass! It was almost like they took stock footage and just superimposed it. Insulting film making.
Don't watch. I really enjoyed John Wick and thought it was a breath of fresh air in the action-crime movie sphere. The character's motivations were relatable and the action was clever and often original.
The sequels have both been huge disappointments, seemingly made by people with only a passing knowledge of the first movie.
In John Wick it's established that he is a master assassin able to slip in and out without detection. A ghost. It also establishes he is a stickler for the rules.
John Wick 2 kicks off with John doing something he doesn't want to do becasue someone takes advantage of his respect for the rules. Not only does the movie later contradict that respect, but his execution of the contract is incredibly sloppy, walking directly through the party so everyone can recognize him.
This movie is ridiculous. They've turned John into a superhuman who can survive stabbings, gun shots, punches, and falling off a tall building while hitting every obstacle possible on the way down. Worse, it's also mean-spirited and incredibly repetitive, devolving into a tiresome exercise in "How can we kill the next guy creatively?". How am I supposed to root for a guy who broke the rules and ends up murdering dozens of people who are faithfully attempting to collect on a legitimate contract? The Adjudicator wasn't the antagonist here nor were any of the other assassins. John Wick is the antagonist. This movie started out really well and then took a steep run downhill. Serious pacing issues, questionable casting, a largely nonsensical plot and hokey character motivations plague the film. It didn't come close to standing beside the first two installments in the franchise. As with the first, this one had a good storyline, But fell far short of the actual events, Yes, it is all fighting but not done very well, John kicked ass in the first and even the second but this one showed more of his INABILITIES.
He goes to the end of every fight except near the end? Doubtful. It shows his natural clumsiness, for no good reason, other than to slow down his final action scene?
I am embarrassed for Keanu and this script. It could have been great but Halle's performance was so not important. It only showed how truly unimpressive she has become and how truly unimpressive keanu has become.'Make him great" again, not older and slower and clumsy.
Bring back the John Wick of the first movie! I love the John Wick movies but this one is not as good as the other 2, the moves are very amateurish by John and Sophia they don't flow with the film also the acting of a few actors isn't as good as I would of expected. Very disappointed. 1 good, 2 not bad, 3 awful.2 hours of the same garbage fight scenes. What a waste of time. Way too many fighting scenes and a weak storyline. The original John Wick feeling is missing and the cliches comes in an extremely High amount! Sad to see a great concept turning so bad.. This was the one where they finally dropped the ball, everything is there except any kind of plot, it's a run and gun with very little holding it together, Keanu Reeves is on form as always with the stunts but when there is no stakes in the fighting that goes on it's hard to remain interested after the first few minutes. The film needed some main character deaths, some serious dilemmas for John Wick to overcome and some new types of stunt scenes, the horse part was a good example of what could have been done more but was very little in the end.<br/><br/>Dont believe the 8,9 or 10's this is a solid 4-5 star action film and maybe a 6 out of 10 if you are a die hard John wick or keanu Reeves fan. This year in my life was nothing but a bad luck. I got sick with a flu this year for three months, I have lied in my bed on New Year's eve. Now my tooth hurts me In my mouth and I have full of swelling in my mouth, tomorrow I am going to the dentist for the third time this year. I went with my friend previous week in Wednesday seeing John Wick 3 - Parabellum in movie teather and it was worth it the only good thing this year has happened in my life in a long time seeing the only best action film of 2019.<br/><br/>This was the second Keanu Reeves movie I saw in movie teather. 20 years ago I went watching with my late mom The Matrix in movie teather. John Wick 3 is the second Keanu Reeves movie I saw. I am Hughe fan of the man and I love John Wick movies. My favorite of the trilogy is John Wick Chapter 2 I love the second movie to death, it is in my top 15 favorite action films. If i ranked them from best to worst is John Wick 2, than 3 and than 1. This is the best action trilogy I saw I would say is better than The Matrix trilogy I do love all three Matrix films but love John Wick trilogy more, I love them more. I wanted to see John Wick Chapter 2 in movie teather but that movie come at the wrong place in my home town I am happy I went to see this movie in movie teather instead.<br/><br/>About the movie: John Wick: Chapter 3 continues the story where the second movie left off. John Wick is now a marked man since everyone is searching for him in New York his hour is almost up and his time is running out. Now with people who owned him a favor which he has a marker escapes to Casablanca and searchers for help from his old friend Sofia (Halle Berry) who is forced to get back in a world of assassins helping John Wick to get his bounty off his back and get his normal life back. John Wick (Keanu Reeves) is a bad-ass non stop action hero in a decade. You have smaurai assassins in here trying to kill John Wick, you have gang on motorcycles trying to kill John Wick. You have John Wick driving a motorcycle, you have John Wick riding a horse. I have saw motorcycle assasinss and riding a horse in Hard Target and Hard Boiled John Woo movies the only movies I saw and of course Cobra (1986) my favorite Stallone action film.<br/><br/>The cast: You have Laurence Fishburne, Mark Dacascos, Halle Berry and Yayan Ruhian from The Raid. Ecxcellent action sequnces, stunts performences they are practical and done for real. A lot of martial arts I saw a clip from Keanu Reeves and Halle Berry training together. The cast and acting was beautiful stunning and phenomenal.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves best performence ever since The Matrix and I would say In my opinion John Wick 3 - Parabellum is better than the original John Wick movie. Halle Berry is sexy and beatifully gorgeous woman ever. I love her performence and I love her. My favorite action sequences is in which Keanu Reeves fights Ninjas: Mad Dog vs Man Mad about Dog. Great martial art choreographer, 2 ninjas from the Raid against John Wick. Chad Stahelski directed perfectly this action masterpiece he did a competent job. I love the music score performed on the end of the credits Bullet Holes by Bush. I really wish to get this movie on Blu-ray and DVD.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is now the benchmark, for action, choreography, and fight scenes, It is phenomenal arguably the best action film in 2019 my favorite I love this film. I don't regret seeing this movie in movie teather. Keanu Reeves is my favorite action star I love him to death. This movie had amazing action scenes but that's... all. The story was super boring and the try-to-be-funny dialogue was extremely awkward. I really wished I didn't spent money too see this. Fully recommend seeing this movie a second time while its at the theater. There is so much to take in and so much happens so fast. I had a lot of internet information during the production and there was still a lot new to me. Theater was full. Crowd was diverse in ages. Maybe more men than women. Fully want the 4K disc to view in slow motion. BTW dads, do not bring your kids, under 12, just because its your weekend and you want to see John Wick 3. It's a R rated movie. It is fun when the actions are repeated or enhanced from the first to the second movie. It is getting stale when you do it the third time around, what more for such a long movie with no story or character development. No redeeming qualities.
Lame plot setting up dark violence.
Typical Hollywood sequel money grab.
Phooey! This was legit the best one thus far. You will not be disappointed and I really mean it. Halle Berry is an awesome addition and so were dogs. There were a couple of hard-to-watch scenes and I loved it. There is really not much more you need to know. This movie is horribly bad. It is only 2 hours of people kicking and shooting each other. That's it, nothing more. And even about that, there is no logic. They save the main character countless times with no logic when he could be killed easily. Some people killed 2 or 3 men in a public place and people haven't even looked. No solid story, no logic. A very big wealthy organization who run a huge international gangster group couldn't hire someone with a sniper to kill one man. A man is hit by car twice and then he gets up and kill them all. And that fake death at the end was funniest of it all. Well maybe people only enjoy action but even that should be acceptable by introduced logic of the movie. Someone says it's an action film?! What?? This is just 2hrs "kill-them-all" bad movie. Brutal, zero plot, awful dialogues or better: no dialogue at all. A very stupid film. Do not waste your time and your money for this. I made a terrible mistake. There are many good films out there, definitely this is not one of them. We saw Chapters 1 & 2, and while they were very violent, the first major fight scene in first 25 mins of film is so unbelievably violent that my wife and adult daughter walked out - and we never do that. I know violence is part of the franchise, but it's too far gone with very little plot and so much violence that we saw, the worst of which was a slow motion close up of a knife going into someone's eyeball. Never heard so many gasps in a theater as this movie, so if that's your thing, great, otherwise don't waste your $$. If you are a non-stop action fan, then this is for you. Finding new and creative ways to kill and keeping you on the edge of your seat was too much for me.
I had to leave early as it was more stress than I wanted for my Friday night movie out with friends.
I don't recommend this, but I enjoyed the original John Wick and I recognize the talent of Keanu Reeves. I would definitely say this not going to disappoint John Wick fans, but the story continues with almost nonstop violence and mayhem that takes this to another level. In the previous 2 films, I felt like I was following more of a story, and this one seemed just like smash and kill. It would be harder for someone else who has not seen the JW1&2 to understand the plot as well but I did hear plenty of "ooos and cheers" in the theater in a few scenes. I was surprised by some of the directions that the movie took, but it was worth watching for entertainment and you never know, it might even leave you wishing for JW4! The first sequence is a high-tempo action classic, including the book fight. Gotta put extra star for the scoring. Some action scenes only include natural sound of fighting, no music & it makes it even more chilling. The best part, IMHO, is their decision to use actors from different species (horses + dogs). It was brilliant! Go see this & you won't regret it... I saw this movie on my birthday and it was absolutely amazing. The fight scenes were so cool to watch. Keanu Reeves did an AMAZING job (as he always does) as John Wick. Love this series of movies. I've already seen John Wick 3 two times now. I would love to see it again. This movie is amazing , good plot , and Amazing action in hole movie , maybe you should watch this movie twice That film is, by far, the worst i had ever seen! no plot, just alot of shooting. acation sceen are dull and pointless. It is not worth reviewing as the content is totally without meaning. Nothing but faux fighting - mostly repetitive. The worst action movie ever, everything is bad in the movie.
LOTS OF MISTAKES First of all the plot storyline was all over the place, no order to it. Secondly, Keanu Reeves was just going through the motion in the fight scenes, the intensity was not there like the first film. These so-called villains sucked! Apparently, Keanu is deciding to ride this gravy train for as long as he can, acting , character development and plot be damned! Keanu Reeves is a great actor no doubt, but John Wick needs a supporting script. Sorry, I couldn't even watch to the end. Unbelievable number of kills and neither primary characters get a scratch. And the plot, weak and also unbelievable. Wished I hadn't paid for this one. Walked out! What a damn good film. So many amazing set pieces and they bring out why this franchise is some of the best action ever. You see everything that happens, you get amazed by how the characters use different environmental things to their advantage. They did set up more story elements and pretty much a 4th movie, I expected this to be a trilogy. I honestly don't mind if they make more John Wick films but how can they top this one? It's gonna be difficult.<br/><br/>Are you angry, John?<br/><br/>Yeah. Non Stop Breath taking actions ! Keanu Reeves a.k.a John Wick at his best. Very brutal fast-paced killing spree. Not good for kids or under age. For example, he can kills with just a book, literally. Awesome John Wick sequel so far. He take down every nations even communist with axe, except for Indonesian. He give merciful.
I wish PS as tought as John Wick for his Struggle in Indonesia Democracy against Communist represented by recent regim whom deceit his victory. Excommunicado on 22nd May when All Hell Breaks Loose ! Sampai jumpa.. Definitely not as good as the previous 2 entries. Parabellum has big pacing issues. It starts of great with great and dynamic fight choreography, but it slowly looses steam as the writers try to inject story where there shouldn't be any. Clearly, this series' main selling point was the simple cause and effect story driven by the amazing Keanu Reeves, the great supporting cast and the juicy action packed scenes.<br/><br/>Every new character seems out of place, boring, thin and pointless. Hale Berry? Really? Of all the amazing female actresses out there, they chose her? She clearly didn't have the mood or interest to act for this movies. Also, John apparently suffers from amnesia since he now, for some reason, wants back into the assassins' world? And the one supreme dude lives in the Morocco dessert? How? Why?<br/><br/>By the end, I just waited for the credits because I couldn't endure another brainless decision made by some key player who suddenly decided to switch 180 wihtout a clear motivation or end goal. No storyline, just more grunts. Liked Bill & Ted a whole lot better... they made more sense than this... How many hits can a guy take and still get up?
Didn't know it takes 6 bullets to the head to kill a man?
Insult my intellegence with this meaningless show.
Total waste of time.
What is the plot? Never figured out where he was heading.
One of the worst shows I have seen in years! Seriously....who wrote this? A 15 year old hopped up on energy drinks?<br/><br/>Pitiful. Is it a comic book? A 're-imagined' Bruce Lee flick?<br/><br/>The ONLY good thing that can be said for this is my wife & enjoy 'Bad Movie Night' every Saturday. This one certainly qualifies... John Wick 3 was flat out sloppy and rushed. The opening didn't convey the same desperation and sense of urgency where the prior film left off. Even the combat looked like they hired Yuen Woo-ping's illiterate American pen pal to choreograph. The never-ending knife/axe fight scene made me sigh and look at my watch. All that work, style, and build-up from the first two films fizzled out in minutes. The Adjudicator actress might as well have just read her lines directly from the script for the very first time. Honestly, the best thing about the movie was Catwoman's dogs. All criticism aside, I can't leave out my appreciation for Ian McShane, Lance Reddick, and Anjelica Huston.<br/><br/>Parabellum? Shoulda named it The Matrix: Revolutions. This movie is excommunicado. How anybody can rate this with an 8 is beyond me...
The entire script of this movie can't have been more than 1 or 2 pages.<br/><br/>It is a non stop fight scene.. and most of them are so ridiculous and unbelievable and in many places badly choreographed.. you can often see the asian guys wait and hesitate for the right moment before jumping in on a fight.. they truly annoyed me... John Wick should have been dead 100 times already with all the beatings he takes in this movie.. and still he walks around with only a few minor scratches...
And WHAT are they all fighting over ?! Everybody is fighting everybody.. I couldn't keep the good guys and the bad guys apart any more...<br/><br/>And what was up with the dog being shot ?! He was wearing body Armour.. and it looked like she took the bullet from the protective jacket... BUT when you see the dog on the ground it appears that he has been shot in the head... and she seems to think the dog is dead.... even upset about that fact... and then 5 minutes later.. the dog is up and running again and attacking bad guys !?<br/><br/>People always ask me how I can be a James Bond fan, because the stunts and action scenes in those movies can be a bit over the top and not very realistic..
Well give me a Bond movie over this crap any day of the week !! Seriously, I want my money back. The action scenes were badly contrived, clichÃ©, and just lazy. The story was poorly motivated. The lore of the Wick-verse just went so over the top as to actually make me roll my eyes so hard they almost got stuck. *minor spoiler* Are we to believe that a member of the most secret society of assassins can get in to any random cab, hand the driver a coin and he knows exactly what it's all about and say yes sir mister wick?! I mean I get that they want the audience to feel that the assassins are all around him and he can't hide, but come on. awful. The cab driver wasn't even an assassin, jut a cab driver that apparently knew all about John wick and the Continental. Poorly written, poorly planned, poorly executed. Just a big let down. If WWE is your thing, and you love it for the pure art and sheer realism. But also experience some ambivalency towards the highbrow nature of the overly technical commentary; John Wicks Cerebellum might be a fit. Action and fighting scenes were incredible and also incredibly stupid at the same time, zero story, and dumb over the top almost slapstick humour , the best scene was the Halle berry attack dog scene There! I said it. The plot was written by a bored 9 year old kid on a cafeteria napkin, then a Chinese cook in China town picked it up and choreographed the fighting scenes and one of his random customers directed it.<br/><br/>Hollywood can sell any fart these days and give them 8,9 star ratings on the internet. Fighting scenes are dull and choreography is slow and dull. How hard is to kill a man when you call yourself a contract killer. You're one job is to kill yet you miss a clear shot 5 feet away. Not a good sequel. Keanu has made a massive comeback with these movies. Just simply awesome. Loved all 3 of these movies. I can't say enough how good they are. This is by far a role that suits the actor. It's perfect for Keanu and vice versa. Well done to the director also as the small touches like positioning during fight scenes and how to use a damn weaver and isoceles stances perfectly when in close quarters gun battles. Keanu Reeves ' great action movie.You can watch every scene with excitement.Attention too much adrenaline If you come to this for the much advertised fight choreography or exciting chase scenes, you will be disappointed. We've seen more exciting of each many times. There's no new ground here, no stunts in the Tom Cruise sense to speak of. No risks at all.<br/><br/>Fightwise, the only novelty we have that is now already a brand is our character's damage that somehow transcends the challenges. So don't come for the action. Come for the world-building.<br/><br/>It is astonishingly compelling, extended from the 'Godfather' tradition of 'rules and consequences'. It is comically extreme but consistent and logical. I can recommend this because of the thought that went into the creation of the world and the elaborate setup for the next film. That setup is tantalising.<br/><br/>The idea that what keeps him going, pushes him through is personally attractive. He wants to live to remember his wife. The John Wick universe rivals the MCU as my favourite cinematic universe. The deep layers established in the original and built on in the sequel are really explored in greater depth in chapter 3, to good effect. The inclusion of Asia Kate Dillon's Adjudicator was very welcome, partially due to their incredible performance as the stoic judge of the criminal underworld. The story in this film is close to non-existent. Picking up from the end of the second and giving John one goal: survival. The lack of story is welcome, as it doesn't take anything away from the breathtaking action. Some scenes had me scratching my head as to how they could have shot it, and wondering why there was no disclaimer in the credits reading "No cameramen were harmed in the making of this movie". While the penultimate fight dragged on a little too long for my liking, the finale was perfectly earned and built up, with fight scene prior to the penultimate one being perhaps my favourite in film history. As always, Keanu brings his A-game, and Lance Reddick as Charon solidifies himself as my favourite character in the franchise bar Wick himself. There is little else to say about John Wick Chapter 3. If you enjoy good acting, gut wrenching, visceral, hyper-violent and wince-worthy action, comedy (surprisingly) and have an appreciation for cinematography in any degree: watch this film. Now. Zero plot
Zero character development
Tons of pointless fights I press forward button and wach like that after ten minutes of regular watching.And that also was boring.The most annoyng thing is that he is old,and he cant get up so fast,but nobody can kill him I know, i might not get it and thats fine. However i have a hard time with the amount of super hero and action movies coming out of the commercial movie industry these days. Guns and violence with unrealistic scenarios gave become the norm, rather then the exception.
I saw parts of all John Wick movies, but usually i end up being completely bored after 1/2 an hour. Too much senseless violence, stupid dialogs and really not much else. I think even a 4 out of 10 is generous. I keep asking myself if these movies add anything to the landscape or not? Do they entertain or at least have some sort of an it factor? In my view they don't. Its pretty much a waste of time and efforts. So wanna watch people getting shot, stabbed and bitten in all body parts? Well, that is the entire movie. Pretty much the dumbest thing I have ever watched. Complete waste of time. No story, just one unrealistic fight after the other...no thanks This movie doesn't deserve its current rating(7.7). It's not even good action. Just the same old random shooting. There is no storyline at all. If I saw this in the theater, I think I would have left. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Fight scene after
Fight scene. And so fake. I wish I could get this hour back. Can't even finish watching it This movie only gets good if you watch it as a parody. The acting is embarrassing, the fight scenes are a joke, they "fight" in slow motion without logic, any professional fighter who sees this dies of laughter. Purchased and within the 1st 15 minutes was bored. No real storyline just one fight scene after another. Will rent before I buy next time. I just can't believe that rating here is over 4 points. Many spam accounts?
Movie - save yourself. Watching paint to dry or grass growing is defintely more interesting. Several people left during the movie and thats quite rare here Have nothing to add... This movie is is packed with action, and that is all. No logic, no brain and no tension, since the whole movie is one fighting scene... The fights are good, so I have heard... Nah, if you are a fighter, half of those moves are just a show off, where you would be dead in real world. What a waste of time... I'm so glad it cost me nothing to watch this load of tosh but it still shocks me that so many reviewers loved the gratuitous violence it contained. Says a lot for society and I'm happy to not move in their circles.
But that violence is not the main reason that the movie is 2hrs 11mins wasted. It's that the violence is so ridiculously over the top that anyone other than a teenage gamer should be embarrassed to "enjoy" it.
This has to hold the record for the number of people killed by one man without any serious injury to himself. Once again all the potential killers just line up to be stabbed and/or shot when any one of them could have killed Wick from a safe distance with a sniper rifle. I task someone for a body count and how many extras were killed multiple times ? Explains why it all happened at night. Oh and so many were clearly zombies with helmets as even bullets to the head couldn't stop those fellas.
But then this movie is clearly a comedy except that the laugh is on anyone who paid to watch it.
Keanu, you should be ashamed. It's been all downhill since Speed. Awful,just wanted to make a movie!?
Basically they have got rid of everything that made this movie great in episode 1.
He doesn't have a reason,he doesn't fight good,he doesn't do anything alone!
The action scenes are like a cheap action movie, everyone just stands still to be killed and hand to hand combat...oh god how slow and bad can a fight scene be!? 1word pretty much sums this film up. As a GREAT fan of the first two, there's something quite lacklustre about this one. One action set piece to another with an irrelevant story in-between. Halle Berry is unconvincing in her role and managers to fire 22 shots from a regular clip pistol in one scene. That pretty much hits the nail on the head, the lack of attention to detail is interwoven in this shambles. The actors are literally sleepwalking through this movie, with cannon fodder waiting to die. Literally waiting for their turn. Really looked forward to this, could only watch 1 hour. Sad. The film swings between mindless violence and comic seriousness with villains spewing stupid lines in low voices.<br/><br/>They should consider a John Wick musical. I volunteer to write the music.<br/><br/>{To the tune of My Favorite Things}<br/><br/>Mayhem and murder and torture and bloodbaths,<br/><br/>Gangsters and dirtbags and villains with accents,<br/><br/>Rivers of blood and dogs that bite dicks,<br/><br/>They call all this action in the films of John Wick<br/><br/>Alternative titles:<br/><br/>The Importance of a Gun in a Knife Fight: The Stupidity of John Wick<br/><br/>Come for the Murder, Stay for the Torture!<br/><br/>I can't imagine that anyone over the age of about 12 would like this movie, and anyone that age is too young to be exposed to this level of grotesque violence.<br/><br/>If you think that dialogue couldn't be worse than the endless, pointless and stupid fight scenes, you'd be wrong. Here is one gem. "Sometimes you have to kill what you love." I'm trying to think of a single scenario where this would be true. Is she talking about shooting your dog when he's really sick and has no chance of recovery? Oh, wait. I mean that you shoot your husband because they kill hundreds of humans in these movies, but he likes dogs which gives him humanity.<br/><br/>"After this we are less than even." You could have just said that we aren't even, because anything less than even is uneven. I think you what you meant to say was uneven, because that makes sense and what you just said is just stupid.<br/><br/>The constant whooshing sound you hear isn't knives and fists whizzing through the air, because those don't make any sound except in horrible chop-socky films, it's the sound of brain matter shooting out of the collective skulls of viewers.<br/><br/>The woman with no hair plays the exact same character she does in Billions. Ok Film not good for me I was thinking that a great but ok John Wick 3 is a movie with the most action scenes in a trilogy that already had 2 movies which was full of action scenes. It was 90% Action 10% Story. So I can't say if it is a con or a pro because some people like it and some people don't, in the ultra-violent way. In some parts, some characters act like they are immortal, which was so weird. Halle Berry (Sofia) is a good addition to the Trilogy and of course, casting and acting is great. There are some messy plot holes including the one I already mentioned (Acting Like An Immortal), And Some Spoiler Ones But I Ain't Gonna Tell cause you Know This Is A No-Spoiler Review. Second Act Of The Movie Might Be The Best One Because It Introduced Us "Sofia" And It Was Arguably The Funniest Part of The Movie. Also Another Con Is That They Didn't Finish The Story They Started! I Hate That!! This also Happened To Me In Alita: Battle Angel This Year! In the End, I Prefer This Over The 2nd One But Not The The Original. I totally recommend it and I loved the movie even though there were things that annoyed me I still enjoyed the movie. (6.3/10)<br/><br/>
+Action Scenes<br/><br/>+Acting/ Casting<br/><br/>+Interesting Plot/ Ending<br/><br/>
-Messy Plot-holes (Almost Immortal Characters....)<br/><br/>-Unfinished Story I AM Keane fan but i Felt so down when i Saw This movie... Ok, movie done to let aventures fan UP buuuuuuuut i could feel worst about the way It passing on...
I AM always waiting Keanu movies but This... Dont Fill me. Thanks About mid-way through the film, after about 100 people had been shot, stabbed, strangled, or otherwise dispatched I started to yawn. Seriously! Is this a film or a video game? On the positive side, it was better than Chapter 2 which is equivalent to being healthier than a leper. Chapter 3 is already advertising Chapter 4 and we can only hope that we'll have stronger characters and a better plot. This movie in AMC Dolby surround is just plain cool. The movie starts off running where chapter 2 left off and doesn't stop. All the older characters and of course some new ones. It was almost on the level of the Raid with the fighting and hand to hand combat. Just go see it and rate it a 10 that I guarantee you will. Blown away !! I slept while while watching this movie. Keanu shot everyone for whole movie with no conversation :( Halle Berry only shown for a few minutes. Then why kill 1 person with the so many shots. Omg, chapter 1 & 2 really good, but on chapter 3, really worst. Zero plot.
The fighting scenes are so slow, it looks like Keanu is waiting to be kill. I was a John wick fan, but this movie is so bad!! The action sequences are still amazing, even though we have the same flaws from the trilogy : ennemies think guns are knives, rushing toward an unarmed John, as if they want to shoot him point blank.<br/><br/>But the action must serve a plot, like in the first movie, or sometimes the second, to a lesser extent. Otherwise, it's just bland violence. And John Wick 3 has no plot. I can state everything wrong with this movie, but tbh, its not even worth the time im gonna waste writing them, i wasted 2 hours of my life just looking at john being a superhero rambo, the movie doesn't make sense, there is no story, there is nothing but shooting and shooting and shooting.. and the end? yep john turns out to have POWERS OF HEALING haha.
PLEASE DONT WATCH IT, SUCH A WASTE OF TIME!. Better to sit and play a computer game for two hours as this movie turns out to be just another repetitive and boring shoot 'em up. Kung Fu is so old hat and Keane Reeves is wasted in this. The best scenes were the ones involving the dogs, who were brilliant. If you are looking for a movie without a plot, storyline, conversation, or quality - this is your movie Ok, I like Keanu Reeves and I have a lot of respect for him. But enough is enough. How many man can one man kill. I mean come on. The action B-movie genre that started in the 80's with all the guys that can be seen in The Expendables now days, has been taken to the next level and not in a good way. Absolutly pointless, lots of shooting, fighting scenes, storyline near 0.
Just 2 hours of life lost... Just was not what I expected. Perhaps I set my expectations too high for number 3. Beceuse of Matrix, I like Keanu Reeves. Also I liked first John Wick(2014). But part two and three are dissapointed me. Especially the third hasn't a real story. I read that in 2020 the fourth will come. I hope producers will do something better. For me this movie is a milestone in the history of the moving picture industry !
It has always been that movies have the upper hand on the realm of video games and the latter profit on their success.
Now we can say for the first time it's the other way around ! We should've quit watching it after 10 mins. So we fast forwarded it 15 mins in hopes it'd get better. Takes almost 40 mins to get to something resembling a plot. Loadsa dead bodies, Billy Bob Thornton (RIP) would have possibly rated it higher but as I'm not him, no way. Soooo, this bald lesbian type lady arrogantly walks to you, says you're going to die and about to lose everything you have, and then walks away?! Why didn't they shoot her in the face or legs and torture her for her arrogance?! She was the most annoying character of all! Stepping to everybody, saying they're forfeit and will die. She should've been shot in the face! But I guess the dumb writers wanted to preserve her character for another movie?! I'm glad I didn't pay money to see this trash. PREDICTABLE! Let's keep the strong, masculine, "non binary" lesbian liberal type Alive and represent a strong woman. She's so strong she doesn't even have a gun! Dumb! This movie was mostly a waste of time.<br/><br/>Also, at the hotel shootout, why didn't they just grab the armor piercing rounds FIRST?! So dumb and predictable. Even if you like action, this was dumb. I liked some of the switchboard girls but they weren't really shown. The ARROGANCE of Asia kate Dillon character made me so angry! I kept saying "SHE BETTER DIE AT THE END!" But she never did! Seriously, if somebody comes to you and says you're going to die, and they call it in, you have nothing to lose and should kill that arrogant, bald lady! Let's see how arrogant she is with a bullet to her face! Dumb movie! Dumb! Keanu is great person but what a dumb movie. Slightly overrated. So from the fighting to the story, this is some sloppy stuff.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are long winded... they last forever and are completely boring. I love fight scenes. If done right, I wouldn't mind a movie with only that! But here, everything is fake and unrealistic.<br/><br/>Dude on a motorcycle drives up to him on a horse and tries to pull him off. Wick reaches down from the horse lol and takes the guy's own gun from his belt!! then shoots him with it. I mean, someone wanna tell me why that dude didnt shoot em instead of try and pull him off?... I was thinking this and crying inside before he even tried to pull Wick off!! Then next guy on bike is next to Wick and JUST after Wick does a little pathetic "flair" shot, the guy runs into a car. So The guy is blind too? I guess it kinda looked cool, but it's improbability and the implication of incompetence and stupidity by "the others" is exactly what is wrong with this movie. There is no thought into the texture, the substance. No consideration for "likely" or "plausible".<br/><br/>And the worst part is most of what happens isn't even additive to the storyline and gets taken back in the next scenes...<br/><br/>Bah I mean, I enjoyed first two, but this is some serious visual and mental jibber jabber.... It has a lot of very unrealistic scenes and it is far from the movies befor this Normally you watch a movie on the plane to make the trip go by faster, this movie has the opposite effect.
My trip felt like an eternity. The movie while packed with action scenes is mind-numbingly boring and the acting is atrocious.
While Keanu seems like a likable chap his acting is pretty bad, he is not believable in the role of an action star despite his martial arts training.
The fight scenes are clumsy and poorly choreographed and just not believable. The first one was passable but nothing spectacular, the second one was goofy and bad but had some nice scenery at least. This one was just boring, no redeeming qualities. The Wick- series went the Taken-route but at least the first Taken was good. A good action movie needs something to separate it from the crowd but this one had no gimmick, no hook.<br/><br/>4/10 and that is being generous. I enjoyed the first two movies. But this one was just random. Why was Halle Berry in it btw? Not that I don't like her but her part made no sense. Admittedly I kinda enjoyed the killing spree she was involved in. But it still felt very random. The movie actually started off well at the beginning but then it literally lost the plot. The fighting scene at the end was painful to watch. You could literally see those two waiting for the director to say 'cut'. It felt like they lost the will to live long before one of them died on screen. I seemed to miss the plot of there was one. Pretty much one long fight scene, very boring.<br/><br/>First film was great, second was okay, this was trash.<br/><br/>I did actually finish watching it so 3/10 First two were good, this drags on, waste of time<br/><br/>story line should have been more developed, a lot less fighting, there should not be an assassin on every corner I liked the first two John Wick movies and I didn't hate this one but a lot of the fight scenes looked badly staged. Too many of the bad guys looked at though they just sort of stood there waiting for JW to hit, kick, shoot, or cut them. I noticed it right away with the fight scene in the library at the beginning of the film. Looked as though the Russian guy just stopped fighting back at some point. I was hoping that maybe it was just that one scene but I noticed the problem throughout most of the film. Needed a better story and fewer (but better staged) fight scenes. The secretive hitman John Wick in this movie is like he was the president of United States. Every single person in the streets recognizes him. Actually it's more like he's a Pokémon cause people can also track him and everyone always know his location.<br/><br/>In summary, the series gave up any attempt to have a plot to just become a very very long sequence of fight scenes. It's ok at the beginning but then it's just too repetitive. I absolutely LOVE john wick movies. But I am so disappointed with chapter 3. It's definitely the slower movie . I didn't really get into it until close to the end. They had so much action that kept me glued to the tv in 1 and 2, but I had a hard time staying awake with 3. They ruined it.. Considering the way the movie ended, I have high hopes 4 will be much better. John wick is a bada$$, but he wasnt really that in this movie. So 30 minutes into the movie and I pretty much want to give up. There was so much hype about this movie so I thought I give it a try.
My biggest let down so far, is the fighting! Its so sloppy, Its like no one is really interested in the 14m bounty, they aren't even trying. You can clearly see they are letting John Wick win. And don't get me started on that library fight scene, WTF was that!! To be honest, John Wick should be dead by now. My advice is stick with 1 and 2.<br/><br/>3 was just over done fight scenes that weren't as epic and meaningful as the prior two films and I kept thinking how cheesy it was.<br/><br/>Jerome Flynn! I'm sorry, but he'll never leave behind his Robson and Jerome days I'm afraid. His accent was rubbish too. Action films must contain an element simple logical .
This film make the viewer Stupid very much
the hero attackers waiting impatiently strikes and full stupidity!
shots scattered more than the rain avoids the hero in Smoothly!
The movie doesn't have a story!
more Patience you need to finishing watch this movie!
how it rated 7.7 Should have been an excellent movie. Missing a couple things. No dialogue, no story. Just an obvious sales pitch for the game. While the production is fantastic, the combat scenes overall very well made, they just fill so much of the movie that you get exhausted of seeing men flying around and blood splatter over it all.
It is clear they had a hard time stepping up the franchise and I would say they have failed. There basically is so much fighting that you easily start to notice stuntmen waiting for their turn to be hitted and it starts to remind you of a dance choreography than fighting. But with that said, it is really awesome to see Halle Berry and "her" dogs fight scenes! The most innovative scene of the whole movie!
That is what fills most of the movie.
What is really missing is the story. The story does not really evolve. We are presented with some new characters but are missing all of the story behind them. I would have loved to know the story behind the first coin and contract. The story between Halle Berry and Keanu Reeves. The story behind "The Elder". All of this is overlooked for more endless fighting.
... Keanu Reeves must be exhausted after this movie. Hope he doesn't take another 10 year "break". This was a disappointing movie in that there were far too many 5 minute and longer fight scenes throughout the movie. It was just tedious. It meant that the small degree of plot development was lost. I ended up skipping forward in 15 second bursts, especially one 10 minute long sequence. Maybe there are people out there who are entertained by endless fight scenes, but I'm not. Liked the first two but this installment was missing everything that made the other two watchable. A plot that never changed and had no depth, simply a long string of ultimately boring fight scenes (yes fight scenes that are boring, that's gotta be hard to pull off).<br/><br/>I was waiting for the twist, or some sort of sub-plot that would flesh out this film but it never came. I thought maybe when Halley Berry appeared that something would happen but nope just another fight scene but with more dogs added into the mix.<br/><br/>Even the odd joke one liners were so badly timed that they felt awkward and never fresh or funny and acting was wooden from all but Ian McShane and even he could have done lots better.<br/><br/>And the end, well it just seem to confirm that this film was just really a money grab and padding for the next JW4.<br/><br/>"You pissed john? are ya?"
"Yeah......"
"Yeah...... pissed at having wasted my time watching this film" This movie is nowhere near as good as part 1. The charm what made part 1 a successful movie and partial part 2 is nowhere to be found. It"s one action scene after the other where most of them takes hours to finish. The overall feeling was the experience of a cheap Asian karate movie with way to long and totally terrible action scenes. Lucky me. The drinks and snacks made the evening for me. In part two it became clear that another part was coming. My girlfriend and I were looking forward to this. Unfortunately, the story is ridiculous and the violence nauseating. And now it looks another part may be coming. Well, we are not going to look anymore. I know that when you are watching a John Wick movie, you're gonna see a lot of gross, exaggerated, senseless killings. But, shouldn't there be something else? like, for example, a story? I will summarize the film: John is hunted by his employees and he runs from them, killing everything on his way. That's it. That's the whole movie.
FX are good, action scenes are good, performances are average and, unlike previous John Wick movies, in this chapter, you have no feeling for the character. they lost all depth or sense of reality. They are all killing machines without sense, brain or feelings. I couldn't wait for the movie to be over.
Choreography is good but so repetitive. Every fight John Wick plays the same moves over and over. It looks like judo students practicing.
It seems the creators of the movie just ran out of ideas to kill people. The only scene that seemed a bit different was the Casablanca scene, where they had the great idea of adding killer dogs. Why not? in the next one maybe there will be killer cats or murdering flying sharks. Nothing makes sense any way. That scene though, was SO FAKE. My wife explained it perfectly: it seemed like a show from Universal Studios. With stunts dropping onto mattresses or boxes.
In general the movie is boring with no story to keep you interested.
Avoid at all cost. First John Wick movie was ok and had some sort of fresh feel and decent acting if you can ignore unrealistic shoot'em up scenes mixed with lenghty martial arts scenes. Whoever rates second part and third one above 5 star has no sense of cinema art and clear judgment.<br/><br/>I did not realise you can squeeze so much out of nothing really but hey, it is Hollywood. To sum up this movie I will say it is pretty but bad, even if you are into totally ridiculous action movies. This story has obviously played out. The movie was quite boring and lacked that edge of your seat suspense the first one had. Let Wick be dead already. Everything about his movie feels tired. How many times can you see John break someone's hand, throw them to the ground and shoot them in the head before you get tired of seeing it?<br/><br/>Later on in the movie, I swear the fight scenes look slow, and the hits feel like they have no force behind it. You stop being worried for John, because he shrugs a hit off every minute. You know what I started thinking of while watching this movie? Cartoons and old Chinese kung-fu movies where every attack is telegraphed a week in advance. The movie has officially abandoned the "secret society of assassins" theme they were going for. In multiple scenes, people are killed in public, and no one in a crowded place reacts. The fight scenes with the dogs, arguably the best scenes, look incredibly fake. When people stop moving for the dogs to attack them, it just starts looking comical. It's cool, but you never buy it.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 wasted a perfectly good actor, Keanu, to keep on increasing the senseless kill count. It's not impressive anymore.<br/><br/>The whole 2nd and 3rd act was nullified by the ending.<br/><br/>John wants to continue living and looks for a chance to be forgiven. When you make us watch John spend an hour of the movie looking for someone, find him, get what he wants, only to throw that away in the next 5 minutes, it feels like a bad plot.<br/><br/>When you make us watch Halle tell John multiple times that helping him is dangerous for her safety, and that one mistake can get her killed, start killing people of the organization while she could have walked away, only for a dog killing punchline, it starts looking like a bad plot.<br/><br/>When you make us watch Winston refuse to step down, refuse to kill John, arm John, and then shoot John after some senseless killing, which he could have done just as well when John came to the glass room and turned his back to Winston, it feels like a bad plot.<br/><br/>That scene where John falls from the roof of a building to the ground, and survives, they might as well have given him superpowers.<br/><br/>I started wanting for it to end, because I felt I have seen enough of this franchise, only to be very disappointed by the sequel bait. They are becoming the new Terminator. It should have ended on the second, but we will get 3 more. It is just non stop nonsense. Not even black comedy nonsense. Just drivel. Awful sound, appalling sets. Bad video game masquerading as a movie Really like the knife fight scene in the beginning, however rest of the movie was boring without a story no acting at all. I was going to give 5 star but when I saw he got short 3, 4 times and fell from a building and servive, 1 star please don't make anymore.johnwick, we can watch a super hero movie instead. Keanu Reeves and Hollywood cinema is not a great story. Matrix Trilogy is the platform which made him the star we see today. This film adds to list of agony and failed Reeves film compilation. Film is just a ' Dishum Dishum' and 'Bang Band ' thing. You would like this film if you are completely into many fights, bullets and scars. It is a non-stop bullet rain rather than a film with a purpose.<br/><br/>This film was made without a proper purpose and main aim seems to be revenue generation via the tag line 'John Wick' . But bulk of the viewers will definitely walk away from this series after seeing this.<br/><br/>Hero, John Wick never taken down by a bullet but faces millions of bullets from well trained assassins. Villains who shot at John Wick some how failed to put bullet through some part of his flesh during the entire 2 hours of bullet storm. Astonishingly, Wick has 100% success rate at shooting villain in very compromised positions as well. This vibe is same as Kollywood's Rajini movies where hero takes on hundreds of villains at a time without having a scratch. Disobey the basic physics laws to make hero ultra attractive.<br/><br/>You do not really need to watch it unless you already are a fan of JW and you like non-stop action without any purpose. I liked the first John Wick and the second. All in all it's a cool idea and the action is very clear and good choreographed. The look of this movie is professional, sure. And I got the nice reference on 'The Good, The Bad & The Ugly', when John Wick re-asembled some old weapons in a weapon museum like Tuco Ramirez did in the old western with Clint Eastwood. After some playtime I had the first feeling of being bored. It seemed that the creativity of the action exhausted.<br/><br/>I can imagine that the creators had the same idea and made a big deal: They let one big evil guy shoot at a dog (which has a bullet proof vest). So the dog can take its revenge and bite the bad guys nuts. A shocking moment, ok. But after that the fugitive John Wick and his female partner fight through the army of guards using the dogs as weapons by letting them bite the nuts of the guys. These are cheap shock moments for saving some money instead of creating better action. After a bunch of further nut bites, we stopped the movie. It became more and more ridiculous.<br/><br/>This is just shockbaiting people with cheap methods. The nuts are allways the best shockers. Only kicking or stabbing wasn't enough, ok. But why not choosing really new ideas? This series lost its charme. After 1 hour and 8 minutes we were just bored by always seing the same dumb shock moment and turned that crap of.<br/><br/>If the story would have been better, we would have turned a blind eye. But the only fresh moment was when Anjelica Huston arrived on screen. The hunting scenario is not better than any teenager countdown in cheap horror movies. Just vice versa. So the bullet clips have 100 bullets each? There are hundrets or thousands of assassins in a city and surely an army of underground organization crime-scene-cleaners for sure, so there are no press people or cops involved. (Really?) Normaly we would have turned a blind eye. But that movie was clearly too much crap. It's like a videogame. Hero is doomed. Goes from person to person for advice. Dialoge is minimal and vague. Ridiculos villains. Ridiculous fights with assassins.
I did see and enjoy the first Wick movie, but this one is shamefully primitive.
Liked the dogs and the photograhy. All this is is a continuous fight and chase scene. No story at all. Waste of money. No story, just killing, killing, killings!
John Wick kills everyone! I love John Wick. I saw the first one like 5 times. It had it all: action, drama, humor, and action. The second one was alright. It was more focused on the action and less on the story. But still a good movie.
And now the third... It has no story at all! Well, a little bit. It is non-stop fighting. I got bored after a while, even got drinks and snacks and didn't bother to pause the movie.
Besides having no clear story, the fight scenes looked a bit... To perfect. I could clearly see the actors wait or get in position to much. It didn't looked natural at some points.<br/><br/>I really hoped the third movie would be better than the second one, but I think I misplaced that hope. One star movie, not recommend, this is the worst movie which I've seen in the last few years, shame of you Whoever honestly thought his movie was amazing or worth 10 stars is being paid off or lying. Complete waste of time, love John Wick but this was SO unrealistic compared to the others. Terrible story, action was good at first then got ridiculous all the bad guys literally just wait to be killed. Honestly don't waste your time. Just waste of time. Lots of killing, lots of blood, lots of long pretentious speeches. I don't actually know who can be interested in such genre, may be teenagers. PS Dacascos is just pathetic. John wick never disappointed earlier. However this movie was full of action , infact extra action is shot in it. 2 persons kill about 50 people without getting touched by bullet. Story less full of extreme action . No thriller and wastage of time. Duh hell. Loved the other 2. This one is painful to watch. And now I own it. Painful plus $20. Lort what am I do with this nonsense? Flip tumble stumble into weapon BS?! Kill me. I watched it but srsly just why. This has got to be the worst choreographed film ever the baddies chasing wick literally standing waiting to be shot or generally killed you can see them waiting for direction on how to die
You should be able to ask for a refund at the cinema Sorry, my great expectations for continuing the epic story was ruined, destroyed. OK, let me admit, till the legendary dog killing scene it was so so... but afterwards... could not tolerate.... are they watching the film after final editing? Boring non stop fighting with virtually no story
He must've killed about 300 people
Too far fetched This is not a synopsis of the film, nor contains any spoilers, but rather my opinion in comparison to the previous two John Wick films. Unlike the prequels,John Wick chapter 3 is fundamentally an hour long film at the most that has been dragged out for double that time by fight scenes. Action packed seems an overstatement when a story line is unable to provide a foundation for such action. Instead, John Wick finds himself in one gun battle wherein, armed with one hand held pistol, fires off countless number of shots, before a brief clip of him stumbling to reload once in a ten minute gun fight, seems to break any mood that this unrealistic fantasy could be anything else but unrealistic instead of some spoof. For me the story wore thin and would certainly be worth another 2/3 more ratings with either half the length of the film or more meat in the story line. This movie has everything what a action fan wants but nothing beyond that. There is an action sequence following the next action sequence over and over again. I didn't expect to see a good story driven movie because i knew what i was going into but this movie got ridiculous after the second half of the movie even for a John Wick Movie. Comparing it to the 2 movies before, you could say that they had meaning and this has no such thing. Some scenes were just silly. Where i thought they made a parody of a john wick movie. Even action needs to make sense a little bit. But if people start to question the decisions made even for an action movie where the bar is really low for logic, you could just make john invincible, which he is and just start adding shooting lasers out of his eye and flying through space and call him WickMan. lol How this movie rates 8 stars and a metascore of 73, while Dark Phoenix only rates 6 stars and a metascore of 43 is beyond my comprehension.<br/><br/>90% of this movie consisted of fighting and killing, and if that's what you go to a movie to see, then this is definitely the one to see. But if you want to see a movie that at least has some semblance of a plot/story line, and characters you can get attached to, then don't bother.<br/><br/>Maybe if I'd seen the previous 2 movies, I might have appreciated this one more, but after going to this one, I won't be in any rush to see the other 2. I was close to walking out half way through, it was so frustrating to watch. Fight scenes go on for sooo long, story was shallow and lame, and everything was so predictable. John Wick 3 has been the action movie I've been waiting for! It was amazing, epic, thrilling, nail bitting. It's a must watch! 10/10 very well written story The movie picks up right where 2 ended & straight away we have action, the movie does not let up. It's action upon action. The second fight scene was my favourite of the movie, some of the deaths are extremely extra & I loved it. Halle Berry is a complete badass in this & the shootout is incredible (Thankfully they didn't kill another dog ;)) It got a bit over the top towards the end but all in all it was another great instalment of an amazing action series. Sets it up for a 4th! However good you're thinking JOHN WICK 3 will be, you're wrong...<br/><br/>...its sooooooo much than you can imagine!!!
It deserves Avengers money, truly.<br/><br/>In this go around, John fights literally everyone, including friggin ninjas played by "Mad Dog" from The Raid and "The Assassin" from The Raid 2! How badass is that? I'll tell you how much: ALL of the badass.<br/><br/>Parabellum begins the action almost immediately and doesn't let up. Even when it does slow down, it doesn't feel like it, because it does a deep dive into John's backstory; but since the filmmakers are masters of "if you can show it, don't say it," even exposition & world building flows right along with the full throttle pacing of the rest of the movie.<br/><br/>Halle Berry steals the show, 100%. I want a full movie solely about her character, Sophia...no...I want a complete trilogy. She's so incredible in her action scenes, that she makes John's feel almost boring. She's just as good as John Wick, but boiling over with ferocity, and with an added skill that trumps John completely.<br/><br/>Asia Kate Dillon's character, The Adjudicator, is a force of nature; a storm that brings death & chaos everywhere they go. While they may not be a fighter, they are an insane villian that'd fit perfectly in a Batman movie.<br/><br/>The action itself is filmed with such precision, with long takes, that you feel like you accidentally walked directly into the mayhem. It's a sight to behold.<br/><br/>The John Wick universe is far from over, and I couldn't be happier. Endless repetitive fight scenes. Awful dialog what there is of it. A waste of two hours and $20 Glad to see others thought that this movie was terrible.<br/><br/>Just got home from this mess, and had to check if others agreed with me.
There is no story development, just boring choreographed fight scenes, one after the other, after the other, after the other.... get it? And then they build up for a FOURTH?!<br/><br/>I'll pass. They ruined the first two movies with this one. Went into this one with high expectation thanks to some solid reviews one saying you require only the edge of the seat. found out in fact one needs to go below the seat for a nap but all that bang bang and hoo haa wont let you have one. same idea that of the second john week (so much more amusing) this one you lose interest in happenings pretty soon just after the first fight , you stop caring waiting for ending with same action pieces one after another that one has seen many a times. after the end one breaths a relief. still as john is survived and is more disgrunted it may give further 3 more sequels. God help me. go and watch if constant gunfire combats where hero beats them all as if programmed is what you like. others just catch up n enjoy enjoy a tom and jerry. I liked John Wick 3 better than 2 but not as much as the first.<br/><br/>The action is not only better than one and two, it is some of the best in any film, period. There are some really unique kills and situations. I highly admire the fight choreographers as this must have required a ton of work.<br/><br/>The fighting isn't the only ingenious part here. John Wick's alternate reality crime world looks and feels distinctive. I found that the story and the organization's rules were refreshingly simpler here than the machinations in the last film.<br/><br/>Cast and characters are solid all around. Though Halle Berry is heavily advertised in the trailers, she's only in a part of this. However, she is a lot of fun in the scenes she is in. Though this is Keanu's movie, credit should also be given to Ian McShane and Lance Reddick, who remain the only other characters to appear in all three films, who bring a chill respectability to their roles as the manager of a hotel for assassins and his concierge. Over the films John has had a fine roster of physical opponents, but Mark Dacascos' Zero is the best villain yet in regards to both physicality and personality.<br/><br/>Now, you're probably wondering why I'm not giving this a higher rating. The right side of my brain would have liked to and absolutely loved this because of just the action. But, the left side of my brain can't help but be frustrated by the story. It basically ends the same way the last one ended as a set-up for the next film. There isn't real closure and it just doesn't feel like everything John goes through actually amounts to much.<br/><br/>It is also a little hard to root for John, who is on the run from the High Table, the ruling body of his criminal world, as he calls in favors and puts associate's lives and/or livelihoods in danger. The previous movie he brought this all on his head because he knowingly broke the rules as well as tried to shirk a favor he owed. Makes John hypocritical. However, I suppose he is supposed to be an anti-hero.<br/><br/>Also, I felt that some of the fight scenes could have been shortened. (John's fight with Zero's two best men, goes on especially too long.) For every cool move, you get another simpler move that is repeated too many times. So much grappling, so much grappling...<br/><br/>If you love the action of John Wick no matter what, you should definitely see this. It's just that if you're like me and were dissatisfied with the last film's plot, then treat this with a grain of salt. This movie was horrible. The entire movie was cool action scenes but zero story! I am not giving away any spoilers but there was no story. Its unfortunate that they put all the money and effort into good action but didnt spend any energy on the story. Do not waste your money, iI would have left if i wasnt with other people.The first john wick was good, the 2nd was bad and the 3rd was terrible Fast paced from start to finish if you love action there will be little better. The story wasn't quite as strong as predecessors but ultimately left you wanting more by the end. Another thoroughly good addition to the franchise. Long live the king. Overdone, just had to try and out do the Matrix. To Hollywood, what a waste.<br/><br/>Brass tacks .. it's Matrix meets zombie movie. Thi movie don't has nothing smart just mass shooting ,8/10 ? haha I really wanted to leave the cinema lounge. A lot of logical mistakes and bad actings explain why I didn't like this movie. I heard that fourth movie is on the way but I don't care anymore this movie series. It's ended for me. It was clearly the worst action movie I've ever seen. After watching it for 2 hours I realised tah it didn't even had a story, only action. I even didn't get what the names of the characters are in this movie Was disappointed. Too much mechanical killing: at times 5-15 people within a few minutes and all in the same way (shooting in the face is the popular way of killing in this film).<br/><br/>The crime syndicate in this franchise, the High Table, meets out too much wanton criminal "justice", killing some, maiming others, for perceived violations of their code.<br/><br/>There were some interesting moment as well, as John agreeing but later refusing to kill Winston, a Chinese criminal admirer of John, and the willingness to kill people for killing ones dog (in this film related not only to John), and a few more, but still... It's such an amazing movie. You can not expect how John is going to do his moves. Many fights and we can see knives and sowrds much more in this film and also guns, lots of gun. The sequence of the movie goes smooth and with a good plot. At the end of the movie you will be astonished as John Wick always astonished us. Just an amazing action movie as the two last chapters. It has all the action that a movie needs and the and the director made such an incredible job in this movie with sights i've never thought i would see. John Wick chapter 3: Parabellum exceeded my expectations. Mannnn, this might be my favourite of the series. I know what we're all here for. The friggin action and trust me there's tons of it.<br/><br/>What I really liked was the fact the story was a natural progression and didn't feel forced. They took all the characters including man like John in a different direction as well<br/><br/>Hol' Tight anyone that loves dogs cos this is the move for you<br/><br/>I'm really tryna skirt around any spoilers but lemme just say this; best antagonist of the trilogy<br/><br/>You feel the scale and weight of the films story as it progresses.<br/><br/>This one here is slyly my favourite one of the trilogy, can't lie.<br/><br/>If you're a fan of John Wick or action films you will not be disappointed Just caught this movie! Man!!! Keanu walks the walk, talks the (Keanu) talk and fights the fight! I loved this movie! The editing along with the stylistic screenplay tailored to what makes a Keanu movie "Keanu'esque" which makes his fans enjoy his movies is a formula, I believe, has been thoroughly perfected by the John Wick Franchise. Special praise here for Derek Kolstad who wrote the screenplay (I believe with two other writers?). What may be well known is that Kolstad wrote the script for John Wick (little trivia: the title character is named after Kolstad's grandfather, which Keanu suggested) The choreography of the fight sequences - man! Keanu nails it. Even though most look like straight out of graphic novels, its polished and sharp. I was so glad to see Halle Berry (its been a while since I last saw her in a movie) but man! She's still got it in her! Just like Keanu, Halle too appears ageless!! She's superb and amazing in this movie - loved her action sequences. Keanu was a revelation! He carries off that detached wryness with a zen-like poise that's his trademark signature with an unmistakably effortless style. I personally feel John Wick 3 is the best in the series, I liked it more than the previous two. So for which, I feel this movie definitely deserves a full ten stars!! If you saw the first two episodes, there is no need to tell you to watch the third one. If not, go and watch the previous episodes and then the third one.
You get what you expected you would get. The best action movie of the year so far.
Spoiler: Apparently not the last movie of the series. The film is non stop action filled with a LOT of bloodshed as you would expect, the storyline of John shows more about his past without giving us everything (ready for John wick 4) .
There is one amazing fight scene with John and Sophia that is breathtaking. The 2 additional heros of that scene are amazing to watch even if a bit repetitive, but still an awesome sequence. I do hope in the 4th film the follow up on their storyline that they touched on with a few notable questions that a raised.
Completely open for film 4 and based on the fact the cinema was pretty full I hope they make it soon, cant wait to see how they tie up the full story. All i can say is Wow. I didn't think they could make a better John Wick than the first one, but this one easily tops it. It's dark, with a few well adjusted hints of dark humor mixed in, along with plenty of the action that all John Wick fans love, this movie is easily one of the best action movies of this year, it was literally amazing. Non-stop fighting, keeps you in your seat. 100k better than Avengers!
It seems that may prepare for another John Wick movie! John wick 3 is everything uve dreamed it would be anf more. From start to finish it just didnt stop and honesty why should it. Im gussing somewhere halfway theough i said to myself wick vs McClain... Haha but for thoes who've seen this or any die hard movie u catch my drift. O and for all you wick fans if u think killing a man with a pen was epic. Well lets just say wick outdid himself. Loved it ties for a no4
Or spinoff for his helper Halle
Hardly any words most action ever This movie really makes you feel as tired as John Wick did... It had a great moment in almost all scenes but some fights are just really tiring to watch. And the ending.. Do we really need another sequel? I want it to be ended. Make sure all die on the next sequel. This Movie Earned my Respect It Made Feel Like One Of John Wick Victims everyTime He Pulls The Trigger , In This Movie Unlike The Previous Chapters John Isnt A "GOD" He Fought Many Powerful Enemy's ,He Even Fought Someone who Is Nearly Like Him!!! Best movie ever IMO, more brutal than first 2 movies with outstanding fight choreography. This is a dark movie. When you watch you will understand what I am talking about. If you love john wick you will love this one for sure. Also goos thing is that movie is unfinished which sets up for another part. John wick is best movie of all times IMO Wow, just wow. I can't wait for the 4th chapter. Super action sequences. The flow of movie is good. Some twists in movie. Sometimes you feel like wanting to jump in the action with the character John Wick. The choreography, the stunts, the ACTION, the story, ALL INCREDIBLE.<br/><br/>I was in awe with how well everything was done. I had some issues with some of the writing and dialogue but overall this is a fantastic action movie. + The action is really good, better than in first two
+ Really many different action scenes (on horses, on motorcycle, dogs, knifes)
+ Starts right of where second ended and keeps up the pace beautifully troughout the movie
+ Last fight scene is gooooood (hated the one on the first one. suddenly he cant beat old guy and hes not even injured)<br/><br/><ul><li>No over the top scenes like in second one (metro)</li><li>Some fight scenes were just too long. even when the action is good, after a while you start to get same moves etc. it gets repetitive.</li><li>The soundtrack is not here, really loved the first movie soundtrack. Second was good too. Here I have no songs etc. that I would remember at all.</li></ul> Parabellum is an absolutely outstanding and genre-refining film. It's been a long while since we had seen any movies that redefined the action genre up till Mission Impossible: Fallout. Not to say that this is better than that, but this definitely did what no other action movie could since then. It's films like Parabellum that make me love action, the kind of movies that I think about when I hear action. Keanu Reeves has absolutely killed it with this role. He is insanely good with action and he just seems to never get too old for it. Halle Berry is incredibly good, and was very good in all her action scenes too. The action in this movie is by far the best part. It looks extremely realistic, and is brutal, fun and ruthless in every single way. Cerep Arif Rahman and Yayan Ruhian are back again, and they make some very lovable scenes for Indonesian audiences, back with the jokes and incredible stunt acting. The theater was gasping in the first big fight, shocked and slowly realizing what they had actually came in to watch. It is extremely well choreographed with everything being realistic. When there's action, you know what's going on, and you are locked in to whatever's happening. The story is excellent, and just makes so much sense as an excuse for tons of action. The title "Parabellum" suits this film very well. This world is out for John Wick, as all his comrades learn to pay for their mistakes. The whole world turns on him, and this is a plot that's just executed extremely well. The issue with this movie, is that there's a lot going on, and it leads to a small bit of pacing issues. The movie can feel a little bit lost at times until you see what happens after the certain scene. There's also a little bit of bad voice acting in a scene, but other than that, not much to complain about. The action shows that the genre can be varied masterfully. We don't need magic, superheros or bombs to have a good time at the movie theater. Parabellum is a replenishing, fun and insanely entertaining movie overall. It stands strong as the best John Wick movie so far. This movie is totally worth a watch. If you don't like gore, this is likely not for you. For anyone who has seen the previous films and loved them, this is definitely for you and it's the kind of action the film industry has missed for 2 years. You also do not need to see the other ones to understand this, but I suggest just knowing the basic plot of the first 2 films. One of the best action movies ever. If you can, watch this movie as fast as you can!!!. You will be entertained If you're a true John Wick fan, you will definitely not be disappointed whatsoever!
I would even go as far as saying, that this epic masterpiece is by far the best out of all 3 John Wick films so far, because the fight scenes bring this action movie to a whole new level of entertainment and pure adrenaline and excitement!! Here in Wick III Parabellum, we are introduced to acting juggernauts such as Angelica Houston, Halle Berry and action superstars like, Yayan Ruhian From The Raid 1 & 2. The talent in this movie is a cornucopia of true unadulterated actors that obviously want to be part of this franchise. And we the moviegoers are all better off for it. This is the best action movie i have seen ever if you though the first two were good u have no idea how great this one is keanu revees raise the bar way way better then any other action icon i cant say enough only we need more the next one could be a challenge to top this one Have never written a review before this, but for this action packed movie it-is-so-worth it.<br/><br/>Going to the movies soon? Haven't seen, the endgame yet? Skip it. Gear up, get your extra cushion and take a stress ball with you (in a really positive way). Because, you will need it. Go to John Wick.<br/><br/>It is a movie full of action scenes, that if you are familiar with the John Wick movies, you get spoiled with. Well, we haven't been spoiled enough, so it seems. Because this movie kicks it up 10 notches.<br/><br/>Il stop wasting your time, any action movie lover should seriously watch this movie. Just wow. Full action from the beginning, every second counts, every moment thrills you and keeps you for more, even tho its just an action movie!
Just love what they did with these series. If you expecting a good sequel then watch John Wick 3. Sometimes it is better than previous. Movie starts with action at a library where john wick fights a tall man (Boban Marjanovic, height 7.3"). This scene definitely reminds you Jaws (tower heighted and having steel teeth) in Roger Moorey's James bond movie. And our weapon less John Wick fights him with only a book! Followed by this another action scene in a shop of ancient weapons. You can't hold you breathe during brutally fight scene. Again John fights with horse in another fight sequence having swordsmen on bike ! Next is waiting to you a very impressive and powerful character 'Adjudicator 'played by a non binary actor. You will be known the nasty rules of the criminal worlds where there is no mercy to none. Then you meet Sofia (Halle Berry) a mysterious assassin who helps John Wick on some conditions. Then both fights with the help of dogs. Thus movie totally grips you and never let you to leave your seat with unfolding many suspense and surprises till end. Must watchable. As me there are more powerful characters than hero in this movie. Surprises do not stop here, you will see Yayan Ruhian (Raid 1 & 2 fame), Tiger Hu Chen, Mark Dacascos. Climax is good and end with twist. Overall it is best action thriller. In acting side Keanu Reeves is best in his super assassin role rather than acting. Surprised casting is Asia Kate Dillon impressed in their glorious role of head of assassin world with fearful eyes acting. Halle Berry is perfect assassin. Laurence Fishburne has a small role but he may be spared for future. (you will find what I mean while watching) Ian McShane is always good and his manager (Lance Reddick) is perfect in his role with decent body language. End is open and we hope that part number 4 must be taken place in future. I actually want to see it twice. Viewers must watch, if you watch previous parts then you will find new dimension of criminal world with new characters. And have not seen anyone the not to worry, see this one first and then previous you will definitely enjoy them. The Good, The Bad and The Ugly homage scene was just cringeworthy, and there were a few more scenes like that that just didn't belong into the movie. Way too much fight scenes and no story to tell of. One Of The Best Movie & Full Of Thriller Action Gun Fights Everything Is Perfect When the movie starts don't expect it to slow down! Some people want to kill John wick and that's all there is to it , just one boring fight after another. Some nice looking sets but no storyline. One of the worst movies I've seen The movie is everything I wanted. Keanu is getting better and better in his role as John. And for the first time ever, I have sincerely enjoyed watching Halle Berry in an action movie. She was the perfect match for Reeves. And this is how the modern day action movie should be like. I loved it! It brings the same great action we've come to expect from this franchise and expands upon the lore of the John Wick universe. The plot does some jumping around in the middle, which was a bit disorienting, but it straightens itself out by the end. The ending was unexpected, and I can't wait to see what's next for Baba Yaga. :)<br/><br/>Probably my least favorite of the series, but it still kicks major ass. This has to be one of the greatest action films I've ever seen. It's incredible. It had myself, along with the entire theatre in complete awe. If you enjoy heart-pounding, masterfully choreographed, fun action, this is the movie for you. The action paired up with the entertaining story make for one the best action films in Hollywood. To sum it up, if you enjoy action and a loose, entertaining story, this is the movie for you. John Wick: Chapter 3 Parabellum<br/><br/>So the easiest way to sum up JW3 is that if like me you enjoyed the first two instalments then this third outing for Baba Yaga will be right up your street.
The plot is thin and simple.
John is on the run from every hitman and assassin on the planet and he must come up with some rather creative ways in which to stay alive.<br/><br/>JW3 is a masterclass in action movie making.
I truly believe stuntmen and women should get Oscars.
The work gone into making this sequel is groundbreaking in terms of practical stunts and effects.
There also should be a category for best performance in an action role. In which Keanu Reeves would win hands down.
In my review for JW2 I said the film left me fatigued with too much repetition.
Only after buying the Blu-ray of that movie did I truly appreciate it.
JW3 on the other hand isn't repetitive in terms of the action sequences.
There's some real creativity gone into developing every action scene.
Inventive and impressive are words that can be used to describe each set piece.
The opening fight sequence involving a rather tall gentleman and a book sets the tone.
Then we are treated to knife fights. Fights on horseback, Fights on motorcycles,Fights with guns. Lots of guns!
Oh and there's Halle Berry's attack dogs which are awesome!
Speaking of Miss Berry. She's fantastic and really sells her action scenes.
Sadly though she's a little under-utilised. Her part isn't as big as the trailers would have you believe.
There's strong support from 90's straight to video star Mark Dacascos.
It was nice to see him again. He's an accomplished martial artist who never really got the recognition he deserved during his heyday.<br/><br/>JW3 is going to be a fine looking movie when it makes its way on to 4K Blu-ray. I believe the HDR in this film will look sublime.
The film projected well in the theatre and often cinema screens can look a tad murky.
In terms of sound design this film sounded amazing.
The final shoot out was truly spectacular.
Each different gun having its own signature sound.
Bass was really punchy.
Every punch, kick and cracking bone could be heard to earsplitting effect.<br/><br/>In terms of plot and storytelling this is where the film stumbles a little. My score for this movie kept fluctuating due to the convoluted plot.
I think the scriptwriters have tried to build a franchise out of the first films simple premise and it is always apparent that it seems forced.
A minor gripe because in terms of the action genre all the John Wick movies must be regarded as all time greats.
The JW franchise will become classics of the genre unlike the tripe certain over the hill action stars churn out. (I'll name no names but a fat guy with a goatee and a ponytail springs to mind).
JW will be a classic because they're inventive, well shot and expertly made.
Every punch, kick and shot to the head can be seen.
There's no shaky-cam. No choppy editing hiding the fact that the actors can't do the business.
The audience are treated to a visual chaotic feast of violence.
If indeed this type of thing is up your street then JW3 is going to be one for your Blu-ray collection.
A film that if judged solely on its action set pieces then it's the best of the three.
However overall as a movie we the audience aren't emotionally connected to JW3 as we were with the first film.
It has a over convoluted plot that expands on the second films flaws.
Still I'm up for John Wick: Chapter 4, I'll be there opening night. Absolutely a movie that leaves speechless! Keanu is a super fighter and the movie is full of action from the beginning to the end! Great!!! 10++++++++ More of the same but ramped & amped. Unfortunately missed the first 5 minutes but there was plenty more to go round - gives me another good reason to go again.<br/><br/>Fighting scenes are stupendous, brutal, insane and perfectly choreographed.
Keep up the good work Chad & Keanu - what do we want?<br/><br/>Guns. Lots of guns I enjoyed every single minute of this movie, the same way I enjoyed the movies before it.<br/><br/>
This series presents one of the highest quality action ever seen on the big screen. Every single moment during a fight is breathtaking, choreographed masterfully. It provides extreme satisfaction and make you thirsty for more.<br/><br/>I can't remember the last time I have seen a 2 hours+ movie that felt like it ended too quickly.<br/><br/>If you are looking for an action movie, look no more. This is as best as it can get. I was search "Top 10 terrible actor" many years ago and one stupid guy put the Keanu Reeves at Rank 8. I hope your mind is changed.Because this movie is awesome.Action is none stop and Halle Berry did a good job.Just go and watch it. Your money is worth %100 First one was awesome. Second was okay. The 3rd was over the top and served no purpose but to show way too many kills. Target audience 16-23-year-old gamers. I enjoyed the first two instalments. The third. Wow. Dull without a story. The action scenes were at best perfunctory. I lasted for thirty minutes as the last group of inept henchmen met their demise. Then off with the TV. I wouldn't believe any of the 10/10 scores. They must be paid reviewers. Worst part of john wick for sure
the fighting scene so dump special that with dogs i dont how this got 7.7 How can you look at this. I was a pain even watching first 15 minutes.
Besides fists and smasing nothing happens in this movie. It's horrible, one of the few movies I had to stop watching because of how bad it was. Over14 millions production with the top Kianou Reeves and at first minutes of the film, Kianou accepts the treatment of a doctor where he want to mislead the members of their organization that he offered medical assistance by the threat of gun. He urges to shoot him in the shoulder and then he bare his shoulder by downloading his shirt. Then he decided that in order to be more persuasive he needed a second bullet in his stomach, so continuing to raise his shirt revealing the belly of. OK??? It would probably be an expensive shirt. The movie followed by infinite directing and scenario blunders in the minimal dialogue and case who offer. The film of course have marvellous wood. But 14 million??? I wonder how Reeves agreed to play this kind of thing. Unless he didn't notice them and is hopelessly out-eyed. Then i saw that IMB jackals put him 7,9 so why not play? Here's what we call "they'll eat many, few will understand" John wick chapter 3 contains a lot of misleading parts,they show's casablanca as a desert and this is not the truth. really bad things from the creators of the film When i decided to watch the film I was expecting same creativity I witnessed in the previous chapters but unfortunately i found a long chain of repetitive fights away from this kind of action which forms a constructive support to a successful movie.. One of the movie fights took so long till ended and i really felt bored during it ... Terrible conclusion of the series. With such excellent cast it's a shame to see how time and money is wasted Honestly, it could last half an hour less, because many scenes were repetitive.
It's a great action with cool stunts, but I liked previos parts better. First 20min really cool .
later total borefest of repetitive shooting and senseless story. I can not believe what I saw
the worst movie I ever saw
McDojo... A masterpiece action pack . it's suit on Keanu Reeves best movie after his matrix . This amazing man is invulnerable. Protected by luck. Like he cannot die. Even if a $14 million bounty is on his head.<br/><br/>The action sequences are unique and creative. He uses a book to kill someone, horses, throwing knives, swords, motorcycles, and of course his guns.<br/><br/>The bounty is on his head, then the High Table comes in makes the movie slow down for a bit. Moves away from all assassins who wants him a piece of him.<br/><br/>Wish Halle Berry had more screen time. Her dogs were awesome in fighting. She is badass in this movie. Glad their is no love scene. The partnership with John was amazing when they fought.<br/><br/>Overall John Wick is a God who cannot be killed. Their were intense scenes with bulletproof armor army and John Wick killed them. Wow!<br/><br/>Chuck Norris needs to bow down to John Wick. Because John is pissed! I saw "John Wick:Chapter 3_Parabellum", starring Keanu Reeves-Knock Knock, The Day the Earth Stood Still_2008; Halle Berry-Kidnap, the X_Men movies; Ian McShane-American Gods_tv, Hot Rod; Mark Dacascos-Hawaii Five_O_tv, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D._tv and Asia Kate Dillion-Billions_tv, Orange is the New Black_tv.
This is the third in the series-the first one was in 2014 & the second one in 2017-and it starts about 30 minutes after the second one ended. Keanu is on the run after being declared excommunicado for killing a member of the International Assassin's Guild on sacred protected ground-Ian's hotel-and he was given a one hour head start before the dogs are let loose. A $14 million dollar bounty is put on his head and anyone that helps him would be in trouble too, so almost everybody wants a piece of him. Halle plays an old friend of Keanu's-he helped her once before and she owes him a favor so he is wanting to collect it. Asia plays the Adjudicator-she enforces the rules and has hired help to make sure things run smoothly. Mark is one of those hired help. The fights are incredible. And I mean all kinds of fights; martial arts, guns, motorcycles....even horseback. For you sports fans, Keanu has a fight with NBA player Boban Marjanovic-he is 7 foot 3 inches tall-and it is amazing. FYI: Parabellum has two meanings. First, it is Latin for Prepare For War. Second, it is the name of a 9mm handgun cartridge. I have heard that this will be the last one in the John Wick series but it ends with a set up for #4-I don't know, I guess we will just have to wait and see. This one is definitely the best of the three.
It's rated "R" for strong violence and language and has a running time of 2 hours & 10 minutes.
I loved this adrenaline rush and I can't wait to buy it on Blu-Ray. Just watched JW3 and it's AWESOME.
Fantastic action and proves you don't need CGI to make 90% of today's movies.
Has laugh out loud moments which was surprising, but maintained its pace.
GO WATCH on the big screen to get full satisfaction. This is just breathtaking...the action is so over the top awesome it's like a live action cartoon..the characters are amazing the cinematography is beautiful..overall this is gonna be one of the film's of the year..roll on John Wick 4.. PROS:<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves As John Wick<br/><br/>Chad Stahelski's Stylish And Slick Direction<br/><br/>Creative Action Sequences And Masterful Stuntwork<br/><br/>Great Supporting Cast (Especially Halle Berry)<br/><br/>The Visuals And Cinematography<br/><br/>The World Building<br/><br/>The Stakes And Tension<br/><br/>The Brutal Violence<br/><br/>The Dark Humor<br/><br/>If You Love Dogs, You'll Love This Movie<br/><br/>It Goes Over The Top (Which Is What The Franchise Needs If It's Going To Continue)<br/><br/>An Interesting Ending That Leads To JOHN WICK 4<br/><br/>CONS:<br/><br/>You REALLY Need To Suspend Your Disbelief<br/><br/>Its Not As Personal As The First John Wick I wanted a german shepherd long before I saw this movie! This movie was the best in the series so far and that's saying something. You either love John Wick or find it completely gratuitous. But man, those dogs... wow. John wick -Parabellum is by far the best out of the three John Wick movies . Action sequences are simply mind blowing and amazing . Crowd at the movie hall were cheering on a lot of scenes . Something , which I last saw in Endgame . Full marks to Chad Stahelsky and Keanu Reeves . Plot writing was great and more engaging. The writer did a great job expanding more on John Wick storyline in this movie. The stake is more higher than the first two movie which is very good improvement. The character development also great especially for John Wick character.<br/><br/>The action sequence was great. I love every action sequence in this movie. You can see their dedication for the audience. Seriously,you need to watch it at the cinema to experience these high adrenaline action scene.<br/><br/>Overall, it's the best action movie since Mission Impossible Fallout This is everything that I expected and a whole lot more John wick is back.. This movie will keep you in the edge of your seat so get ready to go I loved the first JW and saw it as a crazy fun return to the 90's action flicks such as The Rock, The Matrix,etc.. The sequel was heavy on the close quarters combat, the tactical gun play between pistol, shotgun and rifle and mostly delivered though some of the character development or just quality of actors was not on par with the first.<br/><br/>The third instalment starts out well hitting hard with great successive action scenes including the knife fight and the great horse shoot out. Somewhere after this things started to lag. I think it was the moment the adjudicator character turns up to be fun police. That's how it felt. Along come the rules to curb the crazy balls out fun we loved in the first instalment.<br/><br/>The rest of the movie is a bit scrappy and although we have high velocity action pawn all over the place it doesn't quite hit the spot.<br/><br/>I was left puzzled at the end and gave up on ever caring about the next instalment. No need to elaborate on the performance because it was superb! I really cannot wait for chapter 4 to see John and the Bowery King destroy the god damn High Table! They always innovate with action scenes
l'm waiting for chapter 4 One of best action movies of the century. Brilliant sequel. Waiting for John wick 4. Keanu Reeves does his job. He is such a great actor and this movie did full justice to the franchise. The best part of this movie was action, it's actions were so great that the crowd was cheering full time. Also this is the best chapter of the John Wick franchise. This movie just made a permanent mark in my mind, I will remember it forever. However in India even though it is R rated some scenes were cut, I don't know what is the problem of Indian censor board. This is the best action movie till now.. John Wick gets bigger and bigger ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ Ups the ante in every way from the previous film: action, kills, backstory/lore, remarkable characters, etc. If you were disappointed that Common wasn't returning then you would at least find someone to like here (although not as much for me).<br/><br/>I only have a couple minor complaints. One would be that some of the CGI used for knives and such were too noticeable at times, not exactly wonky but breaks the immersion. The other is on several occasions there's a small delay before either Keanu or an enemy reacts when it's obvious it's their move, especially when multiple enemies around and 1 stands there for a second before attacking/shooting. At one point there's a reload stand-off, and to me it appeared that the enemy actually finished first, so he has to wait for Keanu to load for a split-second before he can get shot. Once again, this isn't game-breaking but there is a certain loss of grace (my eyes, of course, may have deceived me).<br/><br/>There most definitely needs to a 4th entry! In the first twenty minutes of the movie, John Wick kills one man with a library book and three men with a horse. An unprecedented cinematic triumph. Untouchable. Saw John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum opening night. Boy, I was NOT expecting a musical. But it worked, in a crazy killing major bodycount way. Highlights for me were the big shootout dance number, kinda like the rival gangs in Michael Jackson's "Bad" and, of course, the torchy ballad by the principals, "The High Table." Recommended. John Wick Chapter 3 was everything I pictured it to be. The opening 30 minutes of the movie had some of the best action I've seen, not only in this franchise, but in any action film I've ever seen. On top of that the rest of the movie was non stop as well. Halle Berry had an amazing performance in this movie and the long action sequence with her and her dogs was phenomenal. This was an outstanding follow up to chapter 2 and I'm extremely grateful they teased us for a 4th film. But I loved every minutes of it. The characters were intriguing. I want to be a senior citizen John Wick... Movies of the year definitely not question ask it derseve academy for action movie of the pass few years! Saw the movie yesterday and was just blown away with the action sequences, the tone of the movie, the colors used, the incredible gun action, knife action, needless to say I could go on and on about this movie. It was just incredible. Sitting in the theater that was full, there was so much animation from the audience. This movie just draws you into the action and the story. We were yelling, clapping, you might say just really getting involved in the movie. This is the best movie I have seen in along time, well since chapter two. Congratulations to all who made such an incredible action movie. I plan on seeing it again and again and again and of course the dvd when it comes out. I recommend seeing this movie highly. You will enjoy the action and the story and just the fun of the movie. Love, love, this movie. Choices have consequences, something that we have noticed in chapter 1 and 2 of this remarkable action franchise and here we see the outcome of John Wick's choices in Chapter 2, it leads to John being hunted as he's wanted and the fight and action sequences we get from that is just amazing, something that we will never see for many year as the movie is an amazing one.<br/><br/>Chad Stahelski is the true star of the movie after Keanu Reeves, capturing the heart of the story and making it visually stunning with remarkable fight sequence after sequence with different and unique ideas, which makes for some really entertaining and cool action scenes. The stunt team did its best work of all three movies. Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Mark Dacascos and all the other stunt men were just beyond great, simply incredible.<br/><br/>The story was pretty simple as we got what we expected but also so much more, a bigger/detailed look on how big and unique the world that Derek Kolstad created back in 2014 truly are. It's a perfect story and world for an action movie and the filmmakers behind the movies show it once again here; an unpredictable, suspenseful, terrific and entertaining ride filled with great characters, writing and fight choreography. This movie surpass every expectation, lots of action, long well choreographed scenes, dark humor and world building.
Special mention to Halle Berry and her dogs that did an awesome job Excellent storyline. Great action. Spot on stunts. Phenomenal acting. Cinematography was beautiful. Dogs were amazing. Worth every cent spent. Non stop action. Just when you thought the fights couldn't get better, the director found a way. For being the third installment it doesn't get stale and the story of the underground society just gets more intriguing. The whole movie can be summed up in the above words. Avoid this movie. Maybe i needed to rewatch the other 2 films again before this, to jog my memory. But after a few fights i then watched the back of my eyelids for a while. Fights were long and very repeatitive. So just weren't that into it. never seemed to get going I think the most satisfying things about John Wick 3's actions scenes, and the previous films of the franchise, is how it celebrates it's action. There are few fast cuts here, John Wick 3 favors long and lingering shots following it's protagonist's violent sprees. Rather than being all cut to hell so you can barely tell what's going on, John Wick savor's every vicious movement and clash. It's something I started to appreciate earlier this year when I saw Alita: Battle Angel do something similar with it's fight sequences, but done with visceral relish here. Occasionally those sequences can be a bit drawn out to the point were it feels a bit monotonous, one part in the middle featuring Halle Berry's character was testing my patience a bit, but on the whole the film strikes the right balance.<br/><br/>If you enjoy action and spectacle, John Wick 3 is a must see. This is is so poor versus the first film which was well acted and actually had a story to it. This is definitely a film too far in the series being twice as bad as the second film. Hopefully the last! Convoluted. Too much fighting. Confusion about characters and their ranking in the organization. I only watched because of the dogs. I have a Belgian Malinois who looks just like them. Needs more explanation of the characters. The first two were better but I'm not a huge fan of this series. Big bunch of poop! Excessively violent and boring and repetitive. The story is empty and I didn't like it. I thought it would be better because I liked the first two movies. Sexist. All the ballerinas and secretaries are women. Never have I ever... seen so many stunt fighters work their a$$ off trying to make Keanu look good. This guy can't act, can't dialogue, can't emote, can't even sell a fight scene, looks 25lbs heavy, and yet he still gets a franchise built around him! WTH?! The film itself is just guns/knives/swords/violence porn - the underlying story doesn't even make good sense, the director just phoned this one in, and the casting director was just absent - almost no one was right for the part. Personally, I'm done with Wick and just about anything KR, let's just hope he doesn't fk up Matrix 4. Hell, I'm not even sure KR can pull off the new Bill & Ted flick, ugh. Keanu I know you get $10m for this - it is amazingly bad. Almost as bad as bill Murrays lost in translation. It's your worst yet. You are losing it. Have u tried prostituting yourself like Kevin bacon in the EE adverts in the UK. You guys have to be selective.<br/><br/>PLEASE YOU ARE GREAT ACTORS AND YOU HAVE ENOUGH MONEY. Is this supposed to be a movie or a video game? I like action movies with chases and fighting as much as the next person but the what goes on in this flick is just dumb and never ends. No merit here. A score of 4 was generous. Falling asleep watching this as i type my review.<br/><br/>Endless fight scences, zero plot.<br/><br/>Only worth watching as background entertainment. Nothing special, a single guy with a knife defeats 100s of armed people. Would have been ok in the 90s but in 2019 nothing new. Why can't Kenau Reeves find something better than this to do?
This is made for 18 year old male adrenalin junkies who are deep as a saucer. Endless gore. No plot to speak of. I wasn't offended as much as bored. These movies used to follow a CODE of rules and order. Thats what made it so badass. They have completely lost the plot now. The characters dont have any "logos", no one respects the code. I will not be watching pt 4. Professional killers using high kicks against deadly, aware opponents, REALLY?<br/><br/>Going against two busloads of armored troops in a suit, with no armor piercing ammo while the option is available?
YEAH, RIGHT<br/><br/>And the fall in the end, so bad and unsurvivable. This is starting to go towards Marvel ridiculousness levels.<br/><br/>I did like the previous two Wick movies, but this one went too far in the stupid zone.<br/><br/>Maybe JW will fly like Superman in the next episode? It's probably safe to say that Keanu Reeves has found his Mission: Impossible, that series of action movies that consistently delivers the goods. The next movie had already been greenlit before I'd gotten to the theater for Parabellum, and that is some of the best news I've heard in a great while. Because hot diggity damn, this movie is a lot of fun!<br/><br/>This is nothing short of an adrenaline rush, where every action scene seems to outdo the last. It's solidly-paced, funny, brutal and the fight choreography is unbelievable (what John Wick does with that library book is a thing of violent beauty). It's a sequel that's comfortable in the already-established world and just proceeds to roll out the action.<br/><br/>And I am a willing supporter. Honestly, I don't get why on earth this movie received such a high score (8/10). There is nothing going on here except monotonous badly-filmed exaggerated battles in the best traditions of Indian movies. The scenes are just boring, and this film in no way can be compared with the matrix or MI with surprising and beautiful scenes. He cant die. his bones are from titanium. his blood is so thick it won't go through his veins. Even not when finger is cut off. JW 1 was unrealistic but you could feel his pain. After the fall from hotel he could still move. Brutal delight of incredibly well coordinated action; easily among the best action flicks of the decade! I don't know how Keanu Reeves does some of the exhausting stuff at his age of early 50's but hot damn he does it so well; the unstoppable remarkable "John Wick"! Loved every bit - barely had any dull moments and even some well placed comedy.<br/><br/>Also it'd be great if anyone could check out my other reviews I'd really appreciate it! Very brutal, very violent action adventure.<br/><br/>This picks up directly where the last film ends. After killing a member of the international assassin's guild, the High Table have made John Wick 'excommunicado' and have placed a $14 million bounty on his head.<br/><br/>Every other assassin wants to claim the bounty. The theme is the consequences of our actions. Throughout the film John takes a lot of damage and is very vulnerable at many points through the film.<br/><br/>This feels a lot like the matrix. I liked the comedy dialogue.
1st film is still the best. I love the John Wick films - Keanu Reeves is just brilliant in them.
The third film is LOUD, violent and epic!
It took a little to get going at the start as it did just feel like it was fight scene after fight scene but then the story kicked in and everything was fast paced.
The finale scenes were brilliant and there was some good humour in there too. I'm not entirely convinced this should be a 15 certificate as there is a lot of violence, 18 seems more appropriate.
Have a feeling Chapter 4 is on the cards - which would be most welcome! After the novelty of a JW1 and maybe 2, that lack of surprise and feeling of "known" must now be compensated for with better content to satisfy expectations and achieve the same viewer experience. Unfortunately real content is largely lacking in JW3, and I left unsatisfied and frustrated that such an opportunity went wasted.<br/><br/>The storyline is spread quite thin, no twists, nothing remarkable at all.
What can be said is there's a lot of fighting. That is, a lot of the same thing. Over and over. Boring. And it's just plain stupid to believe that so many bullets are flying around and only baddies die. Adding killer dogs is a nice try but did not help much to up the antics. I just couldn't buy into any of it.
And then that end scene that is SO forced and utterly pathetic. It has cheap B-rated movie all over it. Seriously..
Then better give me Denzel's The Equalizer, with less but more thought-through action, a story that actually goes somewhere, and an actor that brings across some intelligence and is capable of more than just creating lethal holes in bad guys.
To each his own.... I like the nonstop action, I'd say this is definitely the best of the three..I watched all 3 for the first time in the span of 1.5 days and imo this one had the best action scenes and coolest plot and plot twists.<br/><br/>Something about Keanu Reeves saying "Yeah" at the end just seemed comical though Haha, he just doesnt fit the tough guy one liner approach imo<br/><br/>This movie would be 10x more cool if Reddit fan theories turned out to be true and the movie took place in the Matrix, just saying..lol Who doesn't like dogs? And badass ones at that?<br/><br/>I never saw the first two John Wicks. I like action films and I'm sorry I missed them.<br/><br/>Non-stop action. And one of the best action scenes was with those two badass dogs! Movie was honestly amazing , story line was okay but other than that the action is honestly non stop and honestly can't wait for Chapter 4!! John damn Wick<br/><br/>What an amazing, breathtaking movie. First 25min was flawless. An absolutely fantastic ending This movie is awful ..... A 2 hour movie that has 1 hour 45 minutes of fighting and shooting??? The story is very weak and could be summed up in 20 minutes, and the acting is wooden as per most Keanu Reeves movies....... and the end??? Sorry I can only advise people to save their money and if you must see this wait for it to appear on TV, and how people give this 10 out of 10 I really don't know - they must be easily pleased. Looks promising at first 10 mins or so, gettin' bored in the middle of the movie. Nuff said. Hope no more JW 4 coming after this. Baba yaga is immune to death more than the Superman. 😀 The whole action scenes are inspired by our South Indian movie stars!
He cuts his finger, no blood is spurting out. He has got no pain!😂😂😂
He drops from top of the hotel, still no bones are broken. He completely conscious. 😅😅😅.
Someone pierce ladies both hands, she is so cool that even our South Indian hero will be proud of her. 😎😎😎 Outstanding Action Flick and survival! from the first until the last Same format but works so well , with some great new characters, the fight scenes are the best yet roll on No4 !! The action is amazing. The choreographed fights out of this world. You'll be on the edge of your seat. Oh, did I mention that's just the first 15 minutes? Man oh man, Keanu Reeves is back in top form. He has found a character that fits him like a glove. I'm not going to give any spoilers but there's a scene with Keanu and Dacascos that will have you laughing out loud. Dacascos makes a great addition to this film as one of the ninja assassins. The movie has an interesting twist at the end and will leave you begging for more. Heck I'm going back to see it again. Anyone up for a second serving?!? Just saw this movie and Im almost speechless. The fight scenes were amazing and very well done with one caveat that is the fight scene with the Shinobi which may have been intentional because well their frickin Ninja's! Yes this movie has Frickin Ninja's In it! ohhhh Just Sooooo Good. Basically this movie doesn't fail to keep you on the edge of your seat you never know if John Wick is actually going to make it or not. Every fight feels like it good be the last. The 5minute knife room fight was definitly on of them every knife throw you cant help but think why arnt these knife hurting anyone and then a split second later some guy gets hit with four or five of them. Everything about this movie and the John Wick series so far has just been such an amazing thrill ride I for one Love these movies with such a massive amount of characters, actors and actresses that pulled this movie all together. Easily one of The Best Action Movies I Have Ever Seen and I go back to the 80s where Schwarzenegger, Van Dam and Norris were house holds names. The best part of the movie might have been the Matrix reference I balled laughing, Watching Halle Berry kick some major ass as a definite second.<br/><br/>I Seriously and very truly hope they continue to make John Wick movies. As a Fan of the action genre in general there's been a very noticeable gap of good movies that fill that void and who better to fill it then the amazing Keanu Reeves.<br/><br/>Cheers man!<br/><br/>And Kudos. Amazing man, just amazing ... best action movie all of time I love this movie and the franchise. One of the best action movies I've watched. And Keanu Reeves is an amazing actor. Amazing action and a bit more plot. It's amazing that they continue to find new ways to eliminate the bad guys. Once again Keanu has given us an unfortunate consequence to not passing on a RIDICULOUS script. This movie would have been lower if not for the decent action scenes. Now by all means is it not a clean action scene where you Won't tell it is a 50+ Keanu walking through a very choreographed fight. Sheesh! 75% of the shots were clear as day when telegraphing a strike.
Hale Berry was an unnecessary addition. So was the first act. This script is all over the place. I wasn't sure whether any of the exposition was important for his ties to a Russian smuggling ballet/sombo/smuggling ring since it only showed 15 minutes then was just tossed out like nothing. The over used "dog" line felt redundant and unnecessary. World building clearly was a thing Lionsgate is hoping for. Rather than rush details about the "high table/under the table" universal rules lets break it down at some point.
This movie was too soon, it clearly needed a better script/screen play/ stunt work/ story line/ and laws of what is capable.<br/><br/>I liked the first John wick. It provided an almost mystery as to who this guy is and why it was a mistake to double cross him. They took that entity and made him the god damn terminator!!! Literally no risk to reward ratio. So the pay out seems predictable. Stabbed 15 times and no possibility of injury, falls off ten foot ceiling and gets up with no problem.
Just an overall disappointing addition to the series and it seems like it's taking the place of what the "Die Hard" series once was, but it quickly follows that same train wreck. Amazing movie. Non stop action all the way. I can't have any bad thoughts about it. This is a perfect successor in the wick series. I have been a hugh fan of the films since the first came out and I am yet to be disappointed. The well thought action scenes is what continues to be the driving force, with sometimes up to 10+ mins scenes with pure asskicking. The humor is still one of the film's strong points, with a lot of witty comments from the characters through out its playtime. The characters, old and new, are just as interesting as in the previous titles. As we dig even deeper into the universe, from which Wick was molted by, we truly get an insight of just how powerful the organization is, and how long it stretches.<br/><br/>All around a fantastic action film, that through well thought violence, slick humor, and interesting characters keeps you hooked all the way. I highly recommend it! Just when you thought you had seen it all, John Wick 3 takes it all and reinvents the action film, not only in its action sequences but such stylised direction, cinematography, stunt work set design,taking influences from recent MA films and classic Hong Kong cinema, there is a sequence straight from the South Korean film The Villainess which is truly ground breaking and jaw dropping in itself,so if film makers are going to take from a film take from the best and make it your own which is what they did here, JW3 is going to set the bar high for action films for a long time to come,the film makers have crafted a story and world that feels so real and authentic that it's immersive in its world,there are action scenes that I have never seen done before and are jaw dropping and a visual treat the eyes & its beautifully crafted in every way. Omg! in the matrix he was ninja, now hes fighter! Hes going to revenge his dog. If you like action movie you should watch this, i recomend!<br/><br/>10/10 John wick 3 just became my favorite movie of all time now The first John Wick was absolutely amazing, it just got better and better from there with every movie having new violent ways to kill his enemy's, the latest installment, John Wick 3 tops the list and is a must watch if you enjoy a jam packed action film! The things that really make this movie is the amazing stunts done by Keanu Reeves, not to mention the cameras catching every second of the scene without having to cut every millisecond of the scene. Huge appreciation to Taran Tactical Innovations for all they put into making the firearms used throughout all three movies unique and beautiful to see in action! 100% The role of John Wick was made for Keanu Reeves and i look forward for whats to come! John wick 3 is an amazing action film, with phenomenal action scenes in every scene. Between scenes in the bookstore, armory and even in Morocco it is the perfect movie action for those who love pure action. Keanu reeves is perfect for this role and we are transported in this escape, and an open ending gives us hope for the fourth chapter. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a incredible addition to the John Wick franchise and makes it a solid trilogy. Keanu Reeves is once again incredible as John Wick, with Laurence Fishburne, Ian McShane, Mark Dacascos and Halle Berry all giving great supporting performances. It continues to successfully build on both John Wick's backstory and the unique world itself. Chad Stahelski's direction is reliably incredible and the action is almost non stop and undoubtedly some of the best in the franchise. The music by Tyler Bates and Joel J. Richard is amazing. A tongue in cheek action film with lots of well-choreographed over the top fight scenes but not much else. It's very stylish in both the setting and action scenes and the light hearted moments are fun, but the lackluster plot and protracted fight scenes meant I was bored of it by the end. If you enjoy movies for how they are made, you might like this. If you enjoy movies for story and performance, you might not. If you enjoy action sequences, you may or may not like this. You might think, "this is rad!" Or you might think, "this is getting boring," or "again with the horse kick/dog biting/glass smashing," and roll your eyes.<br/><br/>Enjoying this movie is akin to going to a theatrical production and marvel king at how the actors hit their marks and how the stage hands are able to change the sets around and nothing else.<br/><br/>If that sounds like a good time to you, go for it I didn't like this John wick. He had time to kill the last guy but didn't and vice verse. I will be very brief:<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is a glorious moment in cinema history. Period<br/><br/>You have never experienced something like this before and you will never again in the future. You will remember and cherish this screening forever for the rest of your life, I assure you.<br/><br/>I hope they never make a 4th one simply because it is impossible to even match the heights of this. Don't do it Chad!!!! I'm sure there are fans of this series. I'm sure they think it's 'state of the art'. It's not. No surprises, no story, no script, clumsy, telegraphed and poorly executed fight scenes. Unimaginative action sequences. Wooden acting. Destined for the bargain bi of your local dvd store at best. Give it a miss until then. One of the best action movies ever! The lighting and sound effects are outstanding... 10 stars from me! This is one of the best films I have ever seen, has some weird parts but that is what makes it unique. The ending is weird however, the action and story telling is the best I have seen in a long while. 10/10 will see again This film gave me lot of uuuuuuuv oho moments while watching the film. The stunts and action choreography are fabulous. Makes us think, how many takes they had to go through for one perfect action sequence. This film gets lout of applause for their hard-work done by stunt crew and team. Sure watch this film in a good Dolby Atmos theater where you can feel the fight scenes every second. KR at his super fit best. Good yarn the ruskis have dropped off now its an arab uber bad dude. Japanese kung foo killers this will bode well in China massive audience. The killer dogs OMG they must come back in JW 4 hopefully with bigger teeth and toxic attitude. Bevy of great actors. A touch of Blade Runner and Batman. Yes The best of the 3, the first 30 minutes are so in action and well played Just when you think the amount of inventive actions scenes has reached its limit, you encounter the BABA YAGA for round 3. It's insane how this series keeps topping itself with unbelievably choreographed action sequences. How can you not love Keanu in this role? He absolutely owns it and makes this film such an event. Also, the world-building of this underground assassin society adds so much to this franchise and really helps make it stand out from others. Chapter 3 is an unstoppable thrill ride and true spectacle. As far as more John Wick movies go? I'll watch them. I'll watch them all. Impossible story, and completely overrated.
Anyone count the dead, it must be over a 100 This movie is brilliant in every sense of the word. Magnificent action and tension, superb story, and the acting is beyond amazing. John Wish is definitely an ultimate entertainment experience. This film is jam packed with action. I was out of breath just watching it. Such great choreographed fight scenes, great acting and an intriguing story leaving a nice cliffhanger for at least one more movie. Really expanded their universe with this one. Really fleshed it out and god...John Wick is just a BEAST and really lived up to his legened as the Boogeyman. I lost count of the people he fought and beat sometimes 3/4 against just himself. Oh and that fight with Hallie Berrie and the dogs was just...incredible. i had a silly grin on my face most of the time watchingthis film (when my jaw wasn't on the floor) and only sat on the edge of my seat. Each new film gives us something new and this one did not dissapoint. A must see!! John Wick is back in his third installment that blew everyone in the theater away! The nonstop action explodes and tops the last two films. Even the Emperor trump can't beat John Wick although he of course claims he can with one tiny greasy hand. LOL!
I'm going back to see it again tonight..it's that good! This is a must see action movie!
From beginning to end, especially if you liked the first two movies. I can't believe how good this movie really is !.
Is packed with amazing action scenes all action combined with a thriller intensity increase.
They fight and fight and the thrilling intensity start to rise exploding in the end . I absolutely love the 1st John Wick...and even though it was an amazing action movie with a great story line...I never thought it would gain a bigger plot than it did. However, after watching the 2nd...the John Wick series made me a huge fan. Now, after watching John Wick 3...man....this is building up like the MCU. I won't give any spoilers...but the fighting scenes are amazing...the plot is amazing. There will be many back stories to this JOHN WICK UNIVERSE lol. I can't wait for "THE CONTINENTAL" tv series this year. I'm definitely going to see John Wick 3 this upcoming week. Man, Keanu Reeves did an excellent job with the Matrix trilogy...and now John Wick. I don't think I've seen any actor have 2 successful trilogies. I mean, Jack Reacher started off good...2nd one was blah. The Equalizer is good...2nd one was good. Story line is average though. Only thing that makes the movie good is Denzel. Taken started off good....the 2nd and 3rd got crazy far fetched and stupid lol. To sum this up...if you haven't seen the first or second John Wick...I suggest you watch them. They are crazy good!!! I seriously believe that anyone that gives this less than 10 stars...isn't a John Wick fan....or don't understand (or care to) the plot. It's not just about John Wick being this overrated badass...because evidently he has his weaknesses and vulnerabilities...but he overcomes...that's what makes him the baddest assassin in the WORLD lol. Movie is A+++++++...definitely 10 stars(which is the max lol). Watch this movie and have the best time of your life.i have made the IMDB Account to rate this movie. Infinite action, BEST BACKGROUND MUSIC! everything is different that you had seen before. This movie connects us with John wick and we literally feel the pain and struggle of John wick. Every scene of this movie is impactful! I am going to watch it again. An Amazing Movie Even You're Emines Pay Respect To You.... I just came out of the theatre after watching the movie in IMAX 2d format and I have no words to describe the level of action and stunts this movie has. The fight scenes are just insane and of another level all together. Keanu Reeves is truly the KING OF GUNFU. This movie has everything you could ask for, Action, Commentary, And ACTION IT'S AWESOME!!! This movies shines like star and it will be remembered for its choreography and action sequences and several other movies will try to emulate and no one will ever surpass JOHN WICK. This movie is amazingly entertaining. I am a fan of Marc Dacascos, he is a very talented martial artist, but somehow, in this movie, his potential was not properly explore, his final fight scene with John looks weaker than his (supposed to be) disciples Shinobi 1 & 2, (perform by very talented Indonesian Silat artist Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman).
If only the fight choreography shows just 50% of what he was performed in Only the Strong or Crying Freeman, the final fight scene will be fenomenal.
Please like and comment if you are agree with me. Sloopy and messy fighting style. It's seem all the bad guy while young sitting the TV too close affecting their aim. All the fight make no sense. Most of the fight scene the bad guys seems inject with Propofol that make them can't fight back while waiting John wick and Sofia to reload and shoot them. And very good luck for John wick and Sofia can snatch any of enemy magazine to reload it since the magazine come in different size. The last Glass fighting scene is too intentionally for john wick to crash over them to create a big smash.
It's make no logic for me. Yes, I'm not joking ....or else there would be no need of avengers and John wick would have brutally killed thanos with a mere pencil and a book...this guy is just awesome..a new benchmark for the action lovers Keanu kills it again...such a lovely movie with punching story that makes you a rollercoaster ride. Halle berry add some spice with this spicy cook...
I suggest everyone to watch it... Specially who love this series...
Don't miss it by any cost. John Wick Chapter 3 was great it had amazing fight scenes and good performances yet the biggest issue I have with the film is the ending. It teases another entry with a cliffhanger that won't be resolved for a few years Best movie i watched in a while. Great action scenes and good acting. As of 5/17/2019, I can confidently say that "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is easily my favorite movie of 2019 so far and it's become my favorite film franchise; there are so many ways they can continue this story and I wouldn't be surprised if a few spin-offs come from this...they've essentially built their own universe and I can't wait to see were it goes from here. I've never been a HUGE Keanu Reeves fan (I don't hate him either) but, man, he was born for this role. I loved everything about this film: the fight choreography (AMAZING), the story/world building, Halle Berry, the camera work, the use of lighting, the set pieces, Halle Berry, the chase scenes, and Halle Berry (did I say that already?). Even the animals had a moment in the spotlight (when you see it, you'll know what I mean 🐕 🐎). If you're in to fast-paced action films as I am, you do NOT want to miss this...I strongly recommend this film.<br/><br/>
Note: Make sure you watch the first 2 chapters because it's all connected. Another masterpiece after part 1,2 really enjoyed every scenes Fights, dialogues, BGM was awesome John Wick Chapter 3 Awesome Movie Fun Full Of Action Best of the Wicks so far. Exciting plot for 4th installment, if the makers decide to go for it. WOW...so much action from start to end. Good acting and cool actions and what a twist ending...can't wait for chapter 4 The whole time I watched this movie I was in awe for how well they did the action scenes not just that but the Actors/Actresses played their parts perfectly... I'm disappointed that some people gave this movie 6 stars or less... honestly it doesn't matter best action movie I have seen in a long time... Keanu Reeves is amazing!!!! Just got out and wow, it's everything you want and more from John Wick. Loved it They don't wait for anything, they put you straight into action. New favourite movie. A supet violent film boosted by its substance and attention to detail in its characters and story = heaven Just a great movie overall and very satisfying action. Keanu Reeves does not disappoint! This was a great installment and the fight scenes were amazing! There has never, in the history of hollywood, been a more exciting, more thrilling 3rd installment to an action franchise than Parabellum! Shooty man shoot bad guy, very cool. Sometimes punch. Sometime stab. Keanu very cool. Wish my dad The best action available ! No action movie can stand to it. The action seems so realistic 🔥 He never missed LMAO~<br/><br/>The final fights were amazing, 2 of the fighters fought against John Wick were from the Raid. One of my favourite trilogies of all time. The best thing about the John Wick franchise is that in every movie they bring something new whether it is to do with new characters or new choreographed fight scenes. The action was relentless and jaw dropping it'll surely take your breath away. I'm a massive John Wick since the first movie; had a blast In the cinemas. Complete Film! Honestly I was a bit uneasy before seeing the actual film as I've had such high expectations for the franchise and feared it might turn out to be mediocre or worse . After all the first two already blowed my mind.<br/><br/>Not anymore.<br/><br/>The familiar gun-fu mixed with dazzling martial arts is taken to a whole another level, those flying armbars, judo throws just got better. And lessons learnt for competitive shooters about the cruciality to work on your magazine change speed and tactical reloading.<br/><br/>Yet it is so much more! I was pleasantly surprised by all the innovative scenes.<br/><br/>Book-fu! YES! Now there will be a new tale about the Baba Yaga "I once saw him kill a 7'2 boogyman, in a library, with a book."<br/><br/>Brutal knife and ax fights, YES! Horse-fu! YES! Dog-fu! YES! Dog fights (actually ones), I love those ball-biting Belgian Malinois!<br/><br/>What's more, 2 hours of action and violence packed brilliance does not compromise its captivating story-telling (I'm talking to you D&D!). The world building expanded significantly, and we finally know more about John's past.<br/><br/>Keanu is simply unbelievable, hands down, yet Halle Berry also did an amazing job casting Sofia, boy those painstaking stunt training paid off (she broke three ribs)!<br/><br/>Si vis pacem, para bellum. That's gonna become the new generation's meme. What a great action movie hell yeah!! I watched it 2times going to 3.. It was the only movie ive been waiting for a long.
Finally ive seen it im seeing it and im gonna see this again and again.!!!! Johnathan what have you do e.?? Haha If John Wick 1 and 2 were entertaining, this one is much, much, much bigger and better in both scale and execution of the action. My one issue with the previous film was that some action scenes had got quite blurry to follow. However, this film improves both on the action and the cinematography, while also not losing the grip on the story that is perfect enough to connect the set-pieces.<br/><br/>Right from the first scene to the very last, JW 3 had me amazed. This time some light, natural humor was also added, making it different than the first two movies. Also, every single action sequence is super-impressive, mind-blowing, outstanding, crowd-pleasing, heart-pounding, eye-popping... there's no shortage of adjectives to describe the brilliance of the action. I mean this is seriously a next-level action flick that's also filled with gorgeous visuals.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves is just impressive. He IS John Wick. Period.<br/><br/>If you miss the days of American action classics where one hero used take on everyone by himself and saved the day (including Keanu's own film Speed), you would be happy to realize this film pays a perfect tribute to those classics, such as Die Hard. And if you call yourself an action buff but haven't seen or planned to see JOHN WICK 3, you're lying. Go, watch it ASAP!<br/><br/>I can call it the best R-rated action film of the year. The IMAX experience was pretty much worth it, although the standard screen experience won't feel too different either, to be honest. The film here has been censored so we did miss some of the brutal action, and what's worse is that viewers could feel what got cut and I could hear them making kinda disappointed voices. But even after that, this is a perfect action masterpiece that's going to be remembered for ages to come. This is the closest an American action film can get to Indonesian action classics The Raid 1&2. If you loved the past two chapters, then you are going to love this one no doubt. I want to watch it over and over again.
Price for ticket is to cheat yet gives you an excellent and extravagant movie.
Everything is exquisite. And no dull moment. Love it! Love how he kill using book. If you've seen the first 2 and liked them, chances are you will like this one too. If you haven't, then I recommend you see the first one first, as the movies are not completely stand alone, and best viewed in order.<br/><br/>The good:
<ul><li>the action sequences are generally good and interesting, and they take up most of the film. If you liked the the previous movies, they dial everything up even more here.</li><li>there are some excellent lines in the film which really work.</li><li>no complaints about the acting.</li></ul><br/><br/>The bad:
<ul><li>the plot has very little progression or resolution for the main character. It's really just a long set up for John Wick 4.</li><li>brain activity should be dialed to the "off" position to enjoy the movie or the endless waves of gun toting bad guns running into melee range to be slaughtered will get irritating, and the plot being completely secondary to "cool scenes" will not improve your demeanor.</li><li>I did do a watch checks during a couple of the scenes.</li></ul><br/><br/>The miscellaneous:
<ul><li>the movie is more graphic than what I remember of the previous movies.</li><li>best to be in the right frame of mind like wanting some catharsis after a bad day.</li></ul> Forget the endgame. This is the real game. A lot of violence and having been in the movie theatre the gun shots were very loud! Ironically my name is Johnny so at times i could relate to the movie and most quotes. A must see for adrenaline junkies! I enjoyed the first movie although I didn't get the hype. Te second movie was alright. The third...just the same action seen but over and over again. I literally got bored after an hour, that doesn't happen often with me and movies. I like the idea of the Table and the hotel as safe houses, they just could have done so much more. I hope this is the last John Wick movie. As the John Wick movies progresses the more you can see how shallow the character is. No convictions, no honour, no intelligence. Alot of Matrix fan service with the main characters in the show with some same sentences.
So disappointed, the first movie John Wick had so much depth. He did things that had meaning even though no one understood him. Just a puppy, just a car. No it was not just a puppy, just a car.<br/><br/>But from then on, it was just selfish stupidity. No one he killed after that deserved to die.<br/><br/>This movie is the worst of all.
The plot is all over the place, no reason for anything and the missions so meaningless I feel I can only say urgh.
People are not cool just because they don't smile. They are cool cos they have abilities normal people do not have. Yet everyone just acts cool with nothing to back them up, yes, I know you have guns and suits and knives, everyone has them.
Everyone respects John Wick, but as far as I see, there is no reason to. He is just a murderer with no honour.<br/><br/>Again I have to repeat. No substance. Just alot of hot air. OMG can you say over the top with the fight scenes. I spent the last 40 minutes struggling to make myself watch the rest of the show. The very basic premise of the show may have been good had they actually hired a writer and had that person written an actual script. If you come here for anything other than a John wick movie. Sad to say but your opinion and review is invalid. It a god damm John wick movie dont come here for anything Else. It is what it is It isn't worth spending time to tell you how bad this movie is. Many guys did it before.<br/><br/>3 types of scenes are following each other repeatedly, for ~130mins! Why? If you see the first 15 mins, you can stop watching, you see the whole movie already. Believe me.
You won't see it if you are over 14 years old. I dedicated my attention only 15-20 min.of the film. This is waaaay to unreal, and I think Keanu deserves a better plot. The first movie was a well made action movie. New ideas with the big crime network and a well written story. I liked it. The second movie was not good like the first one but still entertaining.
The third part was soo boring in my eyes. A lot of action without any story. Shooting... fighting... shooting... fighting... no idea behind. The characters are handling stupid and i really do not understand why they are doing the things they are doing.
Do not waste time in that movie. There are a lot of better movies and you really will not miss anything if you will not watch it.
Sorry for my bad english i did my best :p There isn't much at all to the movie. There's really very little plot development and the dialogue is quite weak. The action sequences are ok, but nothing more than most contemporary hand-to-hand action movies. It's not terrible, but just pretty dull. I've tried quite hard to get through this - as I did with the previous ones (I deffo managed to finish the first - can't recall the second) - but honestly can't. Apart from all the silliness of the plot it suffers from the same excruciating problem as the previous films: the inability of antagonists to recognise guns are designed to avoid close combat. If fight scenes used lenses 10mm wider you would see half a dozen men standing on the edge of frame waiting to fire or (more usually) run at Wick when he is ready for them, with handguns raised, only thinking to fire once he's out of the way, grabbed their wrist or shot them first. Very disappointing. I got very bored watching this movie. The first one was enjoyable nonsense. This adds some nonsense cod mythology, a long section with Halle Berry in which the quality of the fights is noticeably diminished and lots of repetition. I think I was bored after the third headshot, after the hundredth I was just counting the seconds they could have cut from this bloated mess.<br/><br/>Lovejoy plays himself again. The only person who seems to recognise how stupid this whole thing is is an assassin rival of our greasy haired protagonist who fan boys his way through the thing all the way to the bitter end. In a nutshell? Boring, poorly written, terribly acted, too long, empty and confusing storyline...everything you loved about the first two is gone. This is the straight to video version you were happy the first installation wasn't Chapter 1 is good. Chapter 2 is well done. Chapter 3 spent more money than the previous 2 chapters, so basically I hope it will be more interesting. In fact, it disappointed me. "Mafia World" is ruled by the mysterious High Table - presented on the screen very boring. The more the film came to an end, the more boring it was. Killing people doesn't make the main character more interesting and become one of the classic characters on screen - whom I expect a lot from chapter 1. Sorry. No cool dialogue, no nice soundtrack, no memorable villain. Only fight and more fight. Disappointing. It's got the curse of the third movie, this - the script has been almost totally sacrificed for the imagery (which for the first 20 minutes is actually quite stunning). The fight scenes seem to go on and on well beyond the point where even Arnie would have been killed. Ian McShane is as wooden as usual; though this time we had (and missed) the chance to lock him in a huge safe. Laurence Fishburne brings a little gravitas to this, but otherwise it's just well beyond the pale, sorry. He is killing everyone :) during all of the film. it is nonsense. it can be watched during spare time. Non-sensical movie. Zero connection to real life. John Wick could have been "manufactured" in lab to have extra-human capabilities. Nothing scientific about the hero, yet he has all the superpowers of X-men. And that is it ends.<br/><br/>Is Hollywood just run by adolescent schoolchildren these days?<br/><br/>The interesting thing about John Wick was the whole secret society angle and the rules of the game but this movie threw all of that out window which resulted in a 2 hour film with three quarters of it the same repetitive fight scenes with props placed just so John and his faceless waves of attackers could be thrown through them.<br/><br/>What happened to the plot? What amazes me is this film is actually showing a near 8 out of 10! Does story no longer matter these days as long as our protagonist turned bullet sponge killing machine is always in a fight scene at least once every 5-10 minutes?<br/><br/>So yeah the first one was good, the second was not so good and the third is worse than the second and they left it open for a Chapter 4? Maybe they will listen to real critics and make an effort on the story this time but the way the movie industry is going it doesn't seem too likely. These people live their whole lives with their head up their own arses and criticism will just be construed as "hating" just as it was with Ghostbusters 2016.<br/><br/>Does this review contain spoilers? What's to spoil? The $hits just keep coming! Remember Keanue Reeves last 3rd movie?? Yeah, it's worse than the Matrix but with better guns. I'll file this with the Resident Evil franchise. First one was good, second was a downgrade and now we are in full blown cheap knockoff Rolexes in Central Park I enjoyed the first 2 John Wick movies but this one was just not done well. If you're a fan of the franchise you'll probably want to watch this no matter how bad it is, so just be warned: The plot-line was silly and it was like watching one long first-person shooter game with the fight scenes going on for too long, coming one after the other, and done poorly. Many of the fight scenes looked like role-play with actors waiting to time their moves and choreograph punches and throws (the fights in the glass rooms were especially bad) and all the characters (including Wick) getting shot and cut multiple times and still fighting full force for long lengths of time, as well as, having obvious moments that they could have easily killed Wick or vice-a-versa multiple times. All of that added to the completely fake fighting, just got convoluted and boring. I mean obviously JW movies aren't realistic but this one is ridiculous and not fun like the previous two movies. To top it off, the script was terrible and made Halle Berry's character very disappointing, as well as some other lame, new characters...except the dogs, loved them. Also, they leave the ending completely set up for John Wick 4... but it might be time to put this Boogeyman to rest In My Humble Opinion! 10/2019 4.5 stars for this one (compared to 7.5 for the first move) I don't know why everybody loved this movie, and this series of movies, so much.<br/><br/>The first one was a pretty good revenge flick, lapped up by a public that wanted action without guys in capes.<br/><br/>The second one had less story, and perhaps more action.<br/><br/>The third has no story whatsoever, about as much action, and some tedious dialogue sequences.<br/><br/>In fact, moments of boring exposition have long been the downfall of this series. None of the actors have any chemistry or repartee with each other. When they stop to talk they look like action figures still in the box.<br/><br/>Why did everybody love this movie so much? Reeves has never been a movie martial artist on the level of any of the guys from Asia. But then, even the British flick "Avengement" had better martial arts scenes than this. 1. Ok, we got action fight sequences. 10
2. Plot, probably a 0
3. Halle Berry and her dogs. 10
4. Lawrence Fishbourne just being cool. 10
So, 30/4 = 7.5 or rounded up to a rating of 8. Actually cinematography and exotic locales were pretty awesome also. But I gotta deduct points for a cat on the Sushi Bar counter. I loved the first two Wick movies, but 3 went full ridiculous. In the first two movies the stakes just felt higher and we cared about Wick. In chapter 3, much like Neo in the Matrix (which Parabellum stole not one, but two quotes from) John Wick now feels invincible. I felt no concern for Wick at any moment. This movie also felt the most derivative, quoting The Matrix, casting two bad guys from The Raid, including yakuza traditions like a Kitano movie, using a book to beat up a bad guy like Bourne Ultimatum, and once again, ending in some sort of Enter The Dragon hall of mirrors style room. The humour didn't land and the samurai bad guy was silly. The main problem, as others have mentioned, is it's too much like a video game, with characters rushing back to the ammo depot to level-up guns and take on increasingly hard bad guys with stronger armour, requiring head shots.<br/><br/>For me, one of the most ridiculous elements, was how many assassins there are and how everyone knows Wick's name. It's like the ultimate drinking game to take a shot everytime someone says "John Wick", and the amount of times Reeves walks down a street and some beggar, busker, shopkeeper and god knows who else is secretly an assassin or knows who Wick is, was just got ludicrous.<br/><br/>I also felt the fight choreography has got repetitive. Unlike the first movie where sequences had strong purpose, chapter 3 feels like a series of levels of Wick fighting the same dudes with the same moves - including the never-ending grab by wrist, kick knee and judo throw. Don't get me wrong, there was still some stunning martial arts, gunplay and fight choreography, but it just felt relentless in a tedious way.<br/><br/>I really wanted this to be as awesome as chapters 1 and 2. Sadly it wasn't. It's still leagues ahead of some of the action movies being made today, but I just had such high hopes for this one. It looked just as good, it just seriously lacked a decent plot. Lots of action fighting, nice choreography. The story' & characters are growing. I enjoyed it I love the John Wick character and Keanu Reeves portrays John Wick excellently. However, John Wick 3 has too many exhausting and unbelievable action scenes. Does John Wick ever get tired? It does not seem so in this movie. My hope is that John Wick 4 slows down the pace of the action a bit. John Wick can be John Wick without constantly fighting or killing someone. I don't understand all the negative reviews here. Surely if you've seen John Wick 1 and 2 you know what you're going to get - so what more do you want?
It's a case of switch off brain, find edge of seat and have a comfy cushion for when your jaw drops again and again. It's beautifully brutal entertainment and I'm ok with that, I don't always need a gripping plot.
The fight scenes are not repetitive in my opinion, they are relentless and seem to go on and on - which is exhausting to watch, but feels realistic. Highly skilled combatants can fight beyond pain and injury that would render us mere mortals flat out finished - plus it's bloody fantastical entertainment is it not? It's not meant to be literal New York City.
I love how gangly and uncoordinated Keane Reeves can appear - then the fight starts and he's brutally efficient and makes hilarious use of whatever is to hand. I mean, I'll never look at my books in the same way, and the horses were used to exceptional effect.
I thought Halle Berry was great, and her beautiful Mallinois dogs - weapons of mass  destruction!
It was also rather amusing to see old Mark Dacascus brought out of the martial arts closet - I liked his character.
Wick quoting from the Matrix with his "I need guns, lots of guns" did make me smile.
A visual triumph, a masterpiece of hand to hand combat choreography, beautiful canine killing machines - for me the perfect Sunday afternoon switch-off from life movie. I eagerly await number 4 Zero story with zero-dimensional characters and character development. A mystical organization that consists of morons handing eachother coins, killing and dismembering people. Have they, by now, not figured out their little club is ineffective and dumb?
I thought I was watching a comedy where the director made fun of its intellectual property.
Action scenes were boring - well choreographed but eventually cliche and repetitive because the scenes are not moving the story forward and are simply there to kill screen-time.
The judge woman was especially terrible. A cut out cardboard with her face in one setting would have felt more lively.<br/><br/>Then as the cherry on top they screw up the ending by turning John Wick into Neo, surviving something that is completely throwing out the idea of 'suspension of disbelief', leaving me annoyed and shaking my head wondering why this piece of fancy garbage was made at all. As expected it is excellent...love the series. Lots of killing as usual and fantastic action shots. The first fighting scene is so childish, and i am even not sure if i can call it action even While it is true that it takes all types to make this world of ours but I find it mind boggling that anyone could rate this movie higher than couple of stars at best. This movie is a combination of fantasy and animation personified. Acting is mediocre at best, action scenes are filmed to please children totally unrealistic and could easily be classified as a action comedy instead. Plot is boring and conventional. Like someone said, please please stop this assault on us the viewers. I honestly don't know why I even bothered watching this movie. There is no plot worth mentioning. The acting is horrible, the dialogs are laughable, the characters one-dimensional. The viewer knows from the onset that the protagonist is going to go through lots of ordeals, but will eventually prevail.<br/><br/>And then there you have a sheer endless martial arts circus and CGI-enhanced manslaughter between the first and the last minute. Blood, on the other hand, maybe in an attempt to make the carnage family safe, is excluded. The tiny amount spilled is dark, desaturated and mostly CGI.<br/><br/>I am yet to see another movie as pointless as this. This one marks so far the lowest point in Keanu Reeves's career. Did I miss something? I don't get the 10/10 reviews for a movie that was nothing more than fight scene after fight scene. Zero plot, although the dogs were cute. Jason Stratham movies have more depth than this piece of work. Just. Wow. Such a nose dive compared to JW 1 & 2. As much as I loved John Wick 1 & 2, I would rather watch Game of Thrones Season 8 all over again than waste my time to watch number JW 3 again. It is so bad, that I cannot find much in it to justify more than 2 stars. Apart of beginning and the end (fight & more fight) plot is as shallow as Kanye West lyrics, there's no action, no surprises, no twist, nothing, nada, zero. And I'm sorry, but H. Berry never been a good actress and she's just making this movie even worse...<br/><br/>Amen. As beautifully choreographed and filmed as John Wick 3 was, there was so many fight scenes that they all blurred into one largely repetitive fight sequence intertwined with a story that otherwise could be told in 10 minutes. No plot, no sense, nothing. The movie is: 2 minute talk, followed by a 20 minutes fight sequence, followed by a location change, rinse a repeat for 2 hours and 11 minutes. That's all, it can barely be called a story Each movie keeps getting better and better. The action keeps ramping up each movie. New and over the top ways of killing. I mean killing a giant with a book and having a horse kick two of the guys is insane!
I love how we are slowly getting more background on who John Wick is (like his real name).
My only flak on this movie is how the bad guys keep letting John get away. When John was escaping on the horse, the bad guys on the motorcycle was riding alongside him but insist on using a sword to kill him only to have John steal their gun and shoot all of them. They could've just unloaded on him.
Overall, this was a great action packed movie with beautiful cinematography and of course the fighting and shooting scenes were great as always. I was sure that is would be the final movie in the series but with that ending, there needs to be more. Nothing in the movie except action.
Action is good but not that good.
No story, wasted some good actors. If you like watching men grunting while interlocked in mortal combat, you're on a winner.<br/><br/>If you want to play a drinking game, take a shot everytime someone rolls in the movie...you wont be sober past the first 20 minutes.<br/><br/>John Wick kills about 20,000 people before the movie is done, the action scenes lose their impact (excuse the pun)...and there is not a much substance apart from that.<br/><br/>The previous outing was more enjoyable. While the whole movie is ok, enemy actions in fight is extremely dumb, they just going forward stupidly like zombies and die in huge amounts. The plot is adjusted only to the fight scenes. Absolutely ridiculous trash.The 1st part was amazing, but with each next one it's getting worse and worse. The only positive thing is "colorful picture". That's it. I'm feeling like they should have stopped at John Wick 2
Too over the top. Both my husband and I laughed more than anything. Still love Keanu Reeves though... hope they don't go for John Wick 4 ðŸ˜” Nothing left to our imagination, stunt moves SO predictable...stunts waited still until director said:"move". Ridiculous
Funny at times, sequence of events ok. I was expecting much better Very Horrible.. They just want to prolong the profit from this film franchise.. And the media sure did a great job at marketing.
90% part of the movie is boring.. felt like regular action movie..
If they want to to tell the story behind the john wick world, it only takes about 20 minutes, the rest are just filler.
You should probably just watch youtube recap/clips. I've seen both of the previous John Wick movies and the story seemed to build well. This third part of the story lacks purpose though and some of the characters lack any sort of credibility. What is most unsatisfying is the ending - Wick is in no better off considering all that he has to go through, so it makes the endless onslaught of fight scenes seem completely pointless.<br/><br/>The two character issues I mainly have are the unnamed man who is apparently higher than the High Table who shows up in the middle of the desert. He's just not believable and neither is the idea that he wouldn't kill Wick to easily solve the problem.<br/><br/>Zero is also out of step with the mood. He injects humour into the scenes where the shouldn't be any and it ruins the flow of the scenes he's in.<br/><br/>All in all, it could have been so much better, but it falls really flat. Though not a disappointment, it is weaker than its prequels. For some reason the first twenty minutes of the movie are the most enjoyable and then the movie turns dull. Don't get me wrong, it is still watchable but not as enjoyable. The positives are camerawork and cinematography. The issue with this particular film is that the action is not as intense as it was in the first one, especially the climactic action sequence is not at all satisfying. Also, for some reason there are comedic elements in the film which were absent in the prequels, and rightfully so. There is no need for comedy in action films.<br/><br/>I am awaiting the next one in the series and hope that it will be better than this one. Even though I had an idea about the direction of the story, I was still mesmerized by the film. It's just incredible. You thought the last two John Wick films where intense, then you need to see Chapter 3, cause the action almost never stops. takes place where the last film left off, and does it quite well.<br/><br/><br/><br/>
John Wick(Keanu Reeves) once considered a legendary hired killer is now on the run for his life, in hopes to end the hunt for his head, John must go to a hire power, but will make it, or will his luck run out?<br/><br/><br/><br/>
If you think it will end here, well no, It ends living it open for a 4th film, like another to be continued. Keanu Reeves is always good has John Wick, who want's to live in peace, but can never escape his past. Halle Berry is also good in her cameo, so was Laurence Fishburne. Also has awesome shoot out, and fight scenes. I did enjoy it but got the overall feeling that this movie contains far too many fighting scenes and lacks of plot. too many of of the fights were repeating themselves and it made me wonder when will it be over. The headline pretty much sums it up. Enjoyed every second of the choreographed action, but what makes John Wick 3 a truly excellent movie is the meticulous world-building that the creators have undertaken since we first saw John. In just three movies John Wick has become more iconic than James Bond in my eyes. The horses & dogs Slayed. The humans not so much. Bloated cast list. Ends nowhere. Wick should have gone back to retirement & trained as a veterinarian. Funniest scene: Wick on his knees vs the guys from Raid 2. ( A much better movie) If you thought super-assassin, man of few words, dog fan and one man punching bag John Wick had run out of energy after 2 weeks of carnage across John Wick and John Wick 2 then think again, as Wick (aka 54 year old Keanu Reeves) is back bigger, badder and madder than ever to wreak havoc across New York City (and the world) in the Hollywood action romp of the year, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum.<br/><br/>It's incredible to think of where the Wick brand has come from, from the surprising success of the first film that no one thought would be worth much of a look, through to the more excessive and large-scale 2nd installment that expanded the lore and universe that Wick is a part of, to now full-scale Hollywood budget and flair, John Wick just keeps getting bigger and better.<br/><br/>Re-teaming with stunt-man turned director Chad Stahelski, Reeves and his directing partner have ensured that Parabellum (a title that will make sense once you watch the film, trust me) is a film like no other with its completely over the top and highly unbelievable antics needing to be seen to be believed and if my cinema experience is anything to go by, prepare to be wincing, laughing and clapping your way through their gloriously energetic and thrill infused imaginations.<br/><br/>With more headshots than a police database, more devilishly entertaining acting turns from a returning main cast plus new additions such as Halle Berry (and some bloodthirsty canines), Angelica Huston, SaÃ¯d Taghmaoui, Jerome Flynn and a scene-stealing Mark Dacascos and a collection of actions scenes that involve such things (as I kid you not) classic novels, underwater fights, motor cycle chases, shotgun rampages and horse riding through a busy New York street, there aren't many films like John Wick or many that could even dare to be it.<br/><br/>Starting out much the same way as the 2nd installment in the franchise, Parabellum begins in breathtaking fashion with its opening 20 - 30 minutes stanza some of the best your likely to see in 2019 and while it's hard for the film to maintain this hyperactive energy over a two hour plus runtime, it's great to see Stahelski and his leading man maintain a relatively consistent pacing throughout that despite some mid-section slow down, ensures that as it turns the corner into its endgame, we won't barely get a moments respite from the action delights coming our way.<br/><br/>At the end of the day everything that happens in Parabellum is unbelievable, silly and often outrageous but John Wick embraces this and runs with it, it knows what it is and is proud of it and this beautifully shot, carefully choreographed and often thrilling exercise is the best example of a Hollywood action film your likely to get, with enough gas left in the tank to suggest that a 4th John Wick adventure is a more than an appealing proposition.<br/><br/>Final Say -<br/><br/>Once more anchored by a great Keanu Reeves turn and elevated by some incredible feats of action ballet, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is an absolute blast from start to finish that further solidifies John Wick's placing in the very best action film franchises of all time.<br/><br/>4 library books out of 5 Only fighting not Storie. If you are a 12-14 years old boy it might be fun but not for an adult ðŸ¤  2 hours 10 mins full of adrenaline rush, guns, bullets and class!! All and all best action movie . John wick fans a must watch. Action movie lovers do watch. First, to call the martial demo a movie is a gift. There is NO Plot. It is a live action video game. I would rather watch two hours of Spectre fight scene outtakes than this. Frankly I don't see what anybody over the age of 20 sees in this. You really have to dumb it down to like this one, Like every John Wick film I went in wanting to love it, but a lot of things stacked up that made this a very boring, consequence free, pointless experience.<br/><br/>Lets talk about the pros first; The action is directed fine (a little static and flat for my tastes, but it's much better than quick cutting garbage), I liked Lawrence Fishburn, Asia Dillon, and Ian McShane, the stuntwork was really good, the cinematography was lovely, and John Wick's origins are hinted at (in an exposition heavy scene, but it was interesting enough).<br/><br/>Now the cons: John Wick himself isn't a good character, he seems to be an indestructible killing machine until the last 5 minutes of the film where they need to hook you in for the sequel.<br/><br/>I mentioned the action being directed ok, but when you have an indestructible character (with a bullet proof suit on) it makes all the action scenes extremely tedious. I just watch John kill wave after wave of faceless henchman waiting for it to be over and get back to what little character stuff there is. Also the action scenes go on for way too long, I remember yawning or checking my watch a few minutes into every action sequence. There are some shockingly bad effects in these action sequences, specifically three: 1. The scene in Casablanca where Hallie Berry is taking cover behind a pillar, bullets are chipping at her cover and the chipping effect looks so fake. 2. Any time a knife is stabbed into someone it's clearly faked with CGI, this was very distracting due to the amounts of knife attacks in this movie. 3. CGI BLOOD. I hate it when films use CGI blood and this is no exception. It's not gratuitous with it, but it still looks phoney as hell and took me out of the movie.<br/><br/>The acting is pretty mixed; Keanu has never been a great actor and he has very little to work with. Hallie Berry is pretty lackluster and phones in her acting (she's only in the movie for 5 minutes). Ian McShane is passable. The only actor I connected with and believed was Lawrence Fishburn as the Homeless king, he really knows how to chew the scenery. Asia Dillon was a neat new character and she was fun to watch exchange banter with Ian McShane.<br/><br/>Like I said I wanted to love it, but I can't igore all these glaring issues. I'm happy for you if you liked these, It just doesn't have the same effect on me. This is a remarkably stupid and pointless movie! No story, no plot twists, just non-stop violence. Don't get me wrong, I love action movies. But the violence here is so much, so excessive, that it gets to the point of pointless, boring and repetitive.
Oh, and let's not forget the ridiculously stupid fighting scenes. Keany is slow, clumsy, maybe tired in real life, not for the performance, and his opponents just wait for him to finish them off after stunning them, usually with a hit or two. The man can't fight, it's obvious. Why are torturing him with this acting? And why are you torturing us with watching it?
Couldn't watch the movie to the end. It's terrible and I won't waste more time on it. I suggest you don't too. This movie is an action movies parody.
It looks more like a videogame, and its story development can be written on a business card.
Fight scenes are way beyond what anyone could possibly believe, not to mention survive... like after two hours of beating you fall from the rooftop and you just feel just fine and ready for chapter four. Come on!
I loved JW1, stopped watching JW2 out of pure boredom, and now this interminable painful sequence of almost completely unrelated fight scenes.
My 5 stars go to Keanu Reeves himeself, without him this movie would have gotten 1. ... but I didn't like this third installment. Pass. The first film was a surprise box office hit, and naturally a sequel followed, which ended on a cliffhanger, I saw them both on DVD or online, this was going to be the first of the films I would see in the cinema, and I looked forward to it. Basically set an hour after the conclusion of the previous film, former hitman John Wick (Keanu Reeves) is now a marked man on the run in New York, he has been given one hour "grace period". After killing a crime lord of the High Table Santino D'Antonio, doing so unsanctioned in the New York City Continental, John has been declared "excommunicado", the bounty on his head stands at $14 million. Following the activation of the bounty, John reaches the New York Public Library and recovers a crucifix necklace and a "marker" medallion from cache hidden in a book. He fights his way through various assassins populating the city, until he reaches the Director (Anjelica Huston), a woman from his past, who accepts the crucifix as a "ticket" for safe passage to Casablanca, Morocco. The Director also brands Wick to signify that he has used up all his favours with her. Meanwhile, the Adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) meets with Winston (Ian McShane), the manager of the New York City Continental, and the Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne), the leader of a network of assassins. The adjudicator admonishes both for helping John Wick kill Santino D'Antonio, they are both are given seven days to give up their offices or face serious consequences. In Casablanca, John meets Sofia (Halle Berry), a former friend and the manager of the Casablanca Continental. He presents his marker and asks Sofia to honour it by helping him get to The Elder (SaÃ¯d Taghmaoui), a high-ranking member of the High Table, so that he can get the bounty relinquished. Sofia takes him to assassin Berrada (Jerome Flynn), who tells John that he will find the Elder by wandering through the desert until he cannot walk any longer. Berrada asks for one of Sofia's dogs in exchange for this information, she refuses, he shoots the dog (it survives with a bullet proof jacket). In rage, Sofia shoots Berrada, she and John fight their way through the various henchmen, until they escape the casbah and flee into the desert. Having fulfilled her marker, Sofia leaves John in the desert, he roams until he collapses from exhaustion. He is found by The Elder's men, and meeting the man himself, John explains his actions, saying he is desperate to live and "earn" the memory of the love he had with his wife. The Elder agrees to forgive John, only if he assassinates Winston and works for the High Table until his death. To show his commitment, John severs his ring finger and gives his wedding ring to The Elder. Meanwhile, the adjudicator has recruited the assassin Zero (Mark Dacascos) and his "students" to find and kill John. With Zero's help, the Director and the Bowery King are accosted for their actions, both are maimed as penance, the Bowery King almost fatally. John arrives back in New York City and is pursued by Zero's men but reaches the Continental and takes sanctuary. Winston encourages John not to die as a killer but as a man who loved and was loved by his wife. The adjudicator arrives, but Winston refuses to give up his office, and John refuses to kill Winston. Consequently, the adjudicator "deconsecrates" the Continental, allowing killing in the building. Zero and his men are notified by the adjudicator, two busloads of body-armoured High Table enforcers arrive. With the help of the hotel's concierge, Charon (Lance Reddick), John defends the Continental from the enforcers, killing them with armour-piercing shotgun shells. John is then ambushed by Zero and his "students", he defeats and kills all but two of the "students", then kills Zero. The adjudicator negotiates in a discussion with Winston, he offers penance to the High Table. John arrives, the adjudicator identifies him as a threat to the negotiation, so Winston shoots John repeatedly, causing John to fall from the Continental's roof. The Continental returns to operation, but the adjudicator informs Winston that John's body has disappeared and that he remains a threat to them. A wounded John Wick is taken to the heavily scarred Bowery King, who is angry with the High Table and will be fighting against them, John agrees to join him. Also starring Jason Mantzoukas as Tick Tock Man, Randall Duk Kim as Doctor and Gotham's Robin Lord Taylor as Administrator. Reeves remains cool and focused as the former assassin that will not be messed with, the revenge element has disappeared, the antihero is simply fighting for survival, it does not feel quite as fresh as before, the fights are well choreographed, but a little repetitive, but the escalating body count, over-the-top deaths and violence still just about work, it is still a worthwhile action thriller sequel. Good! At this point it is obvious that Chad Stahelski and Keanu Reeves know how to put together a compelling action movie.<br/><br/>The movie follows the same tried and true recipe and goes straight into the action, with most of the exposition out of the way in the previous title. John killed someone important and now he is on the run - from EVERYONE.<br/><br/>When you have an unstoppable action hero movie, it always feels difficult to keep raising the stakes, but they surprisingly manage to do it a 3rd time.<br/><br/>Does it have the same feeling as the first John Wick? No.<br/><br/>Could anything else replicate that? No.<br/><br/>Are they trying to achieve that? Also no.<br/><br/>The movie is solid on its own. It employs excellent basics from great music to great visual composition, a nice selection of henchmen to be dispatched of by an ever increasingly angry John Wick and a nice cast of supporting characters showing up and providing more glimpses into the dark world that John Wick inhabits.<br/><br/>There are parts of the movie that unfortunately felt a bit repetitive, but I wouldn't detract any points as at this stage it is difficult to find new and inventive ways of murdering people (they still do btw!), but this means that some scenes might feel a bit old. Despite this, each action scene is beautifully shot, the camera is still as ever and the feeling of force, violence and impact shines through the screen.<br/><br/>From brutal takedowns, to great gun fights, horse chases and everything in between, John Wick 3 ups the stakes from all points of view.<br/><br/>A lot more to say but doing so would spoil it. Watch it! Para bellum - prepare for war (Latin - English). John Wick is back for more than two hours of hardcore violence with a hint of comedy spiced with exhilaratingly exhausting chases all over the globe. Chad Stahelski's John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is an epic pandemonium, made to satisfy fans of this franchise, but also to surprise the non-believers with his superbly choreographed fight sequences.<br/><br/>This chapter starts where the last film ended. Wick is running out of time and in less than an hour he will be excommunicated from the global community of assassins and can't use any of their hideouts or facilities anymore. Every assassin in New York will be hunting him down - since the price on his head is a staggering $14 million.<br/><br/>If you really think assassins have the patience to wait until the High Table (the global organisation of assassins) tells you the hunt has begun, you're in for a surprise. There's killers everywhere and Wick bumps into one very tall man early on in a library, for some close-up combat with books. It doesn't take long before the next battle starts in an antique store where cabinets get shattered to start a lethal knife throwing sequence with deadly consequences.<br/><br/>Our man knows he can't keep battling an entire city of assassins forever, he goes looking for a way out and this is where we get to know a bit more about John himself. Anjelica Huston plays a cold-blooded woman who knows John from a previous life. After handing her a talisman he once earned for doing something terrible, he's here to ask for a favour - sneak him out of the US. They owe him that one thing, and Wick is off to Morocco to get rid of his death sentence.<br/><br/>Once arrived in North Africa, we get another look at Wick's lost past we know so little about. He has another marker/medallion in his pocket, to collect another favour. This one is destined for Sofia (Halle Berry, reminding us how bad ass she still is), whose daughter he rescued from an unspecified danger long ago. She has a pair of German shepherds who steal the show as bad guy's genitals butchers. The cinematography here is breathtaking, especially when we get to the Sahara and see Wick climbing the dunes in his suit. It's an action packed act that makes you ready for what you're about to witness back in New York City.<br/><br/>A representative of the High Table has already arrived in the city and is here to punish those who helped Wick break the rules in the last film. The "Adjudicator" (Asia Kate Dillon) gives both the king of the Bowery's bums (Laurence Fishburne) and director of assassins' hotel The Continental, Winston (Ian McShane), seven days to put their affairs in order before they're removed from their roles. Whatever that may mean. While Wick was on his way back, the Adjudicator visited some sidewalk sushi bar and hired the chef/hitman to lead a crew of assassins that will make an end to John Wick's legacy once and for all.<br/><br/>Zero (Mark Dacascos) and his crew, are fans of the legendary Wick. While they fangirl in between throwing him through glass walls, they're still here to finish him off. This final showdown happens in Winston's all-glass administrative offices, where nothing is what it seems. Playing with cold glass walls and neon lights has never been more impressive and fun. Even when everything gets smashed to smithereens.<br/><br/>With every chapter, this franchise gets bolder and more impressive. This bares the question if they can keep this level of excitement going like other successful franchises, or if this is Reeves' magnum opus as Wick?! I'd say "dulce periculum" and keep them coming. Let his legacy live on! "What can i say .. Yeah Action Overload!!"<br/><br/>Full blown Action and some comedy fill in it which was so entertaining in a bloody way<br/><br/>I just love this film ! Ridiculously amazing! Keanu Reeves delivers a spectacular performance. A wild ride! The whole cast was incredible! Hats off to the director! Can't wait for more! The John Wick franchise, like Fast and the Furious is one of those franchises you have to grade on the quality of the action rather than the quality of its story. Neither of the first two John Wick films had a remarkable story, so the John Wick experience is really about enjoying one of the greatest action stars of his generation doing what he does best in the most creative of ways--killing bad guys. Killing lots of them.<br/><br/>For the third installment in the John Wick franchise, Keanu Reeve's and Halle Berry guarantee you will not survive any drinking game based on their character's kill counts. If you thought John Wick killed a lot of people in the first two movies, then you're going to need a calculator for this gun-fu ode to Bruce Lee's Game of Death. Keanu continues to master the art of injury-limping through his films and finding the energy necessary to eviscerate one guy after the next. He's done it so much throughout his career that you sometimes fail to appreciate how talented he is as a real action star during some of his scenes--you expect it. That's not a knock on him, that's a tribute to how good Keanu is at these types of roles.<br/><br/>What was a surprise was Halle Berry's fantastic sequence of kills that looked like the spawning of her own franchise with the intensity and length of her fight sequence. Anyone who's ever tried to collect alimony from Halle Berry should seriously try to reimburse her after seeing this. She was gloriously vicious in this movie.<br/><br/>The opening scene's kill in the library was without a doubt, the movie bad guy kill of the year in a movie full of award-winning fatalities (if there were such a thing). It's a franchise brimming over with mind-numbing violence that still finds ways to always make you squeamish.<br/><br/>One of two problems with John Wick 3 is the organizational structure of the fight scenes. You expect a movie to open strong, settle down, and build to a crescendo. Unfortunately, some of the best fights happen earlier in the film, leaving the ending fight filling a bit anti-climatic. The other is a lost opportunity to use to more moments of humor to liven up a movie that occasionally becomes so repetitive that you're just waiting for it to end. One of my favorite scenes from the first John Wick film was John killing multiple guys in his home and having the police stop by and totally ignore it like it was just another day in this neighborhood. Moments of levity mixed with action are the hallmarks of this franchise. This movie gets it half right and that's not an entirely bad thing, because the other half is what John Wick fans came for--Keanu Reeves reminding you that he is the best action star in the world. 100% action with no discernible plot. At first it was kind of fun keeping a body count but that quickly wore thin. The plot was non-existent. This ridiculous walk through a pie fight and never get hit movie was obviously made for the international market and designed to have little need for dubbing since no one said anything worth listening to and 90% of the movie was fighting and killing. How many gun fights can you watch before they become boring? Watch this turkey and find out. Please, the fight scenes were beyond ridiculous and I laughed through most of the movie. John wick gets thrown out of the assassin order, which means there's a 15 million prize for his head.
People try to kill him. He kills them all. (the second fighting scene: the one with throwing knives is the only decent one in the whole movie).
Everyone who helped Wick before have an amount of time to GTFO or be killed, or have to sacrifice something and repledge fealty to the assassin order.
Wick gets to meet the man at the top of the assassin order. He repledges his fealty by sacrificing a finger, his engagement ring from his dead fiancee, and by taking the job of killing an old friend Winston.
When he meets the old friend, the old friend makes John change his fealty again, fighting for him against the order of assassins.
After wick kills a lot of assassins, the order of assassins renegotiate with Winston. He will stay in power, but wick must die. Wick jumps from a building to escape.
He's rescued and taken to another old friend who is instituting another criminal power structure in the underground. They join forces. The end. Which means there'll be a john wick 4.<br/><br/>My opinion:
How people don't get bored by so many stupid fights is beyond me: 1) There's a reason we don't fight with fists, swords or axes anymore: guns are better. 2) If you have a gun and a motorcycle, don't get within melee range of an unarmed man who has his back against you and is on a horse, just shoot him in the back, many many times, shoot the horse if necessary. 3) If you have many people against one, don't make them attack one by one, make them attack all at once. 4) If you know where your enemy is coming next, set up a trap. Use grenades, flash bangs, nets, eletricity, gas, etc. 5) Don't kill your allies. 6) Don't give Wick a chance to recover if you intend to kill him. 7) Don't give him an armored suit without a GPS on it. 8) Don't give time for your enemy to hole up in to a good defense position. 9) Stop giving weapons and ammo by getting close to Wick. 10) If you have armor that is immune to bullets, go forward and kill him, instead of waiting for him to get better weapons. 11) Don't let unarmed people, who are going to order other people to murder you, alive. I saw the original John Wick and John Wick 2 for the very first time a few days ago in preparation for John Wick 3. The original John Wick I liked being a
straightforward revenge assassin Action movie that had a perfect balance of story and action sequences without feeling too overwhelming or bloated. The pacing was really good and I was satisfied with how it ended. The same could not be said for John Wick: Chapter Two sadly. The action sequences were still there and well shot, but everything else for me took a back step. The plot got more confusing and bloated, the action sequences were starting to overstay their
welcome and get too long, and the pacing was all over the place instead of flowing smoothly like the first one did. I thought it was a big step down overall.<br/><br/>So what about John Wick Chapter 3 - Parabellum? Is it an improvement over John Wick 2? Sort of, I guess? I preferred the action in this one to Chapter Two. However, the same issues with Chapter Two remained in John Wick 3. The first 20 minutes I was really hooked into the movie. Some of the very best Action sequences are in there and it made sense with the story and didn't feel like filler. Unfortunately, after that things really slow down and we get loads of lame plot stuff that drags and the introduction of new characters which sucked. The acting was pretty shaky and I found the movie unintentionally funny in places. Well if the Action is amazing then that's all that matters right? John Wick 3 does deliver in that category. The shots and sequences are done really nicely, the music is good, but it started getting too repetitive again with the action like Chapter Two. It really felt like a Video Game in parts, and there was no threat to deal with and it just didn't get me engaged as much as I hope it would.<br/><br/>Overall, John Wick 3 to me felt for the most part "All Style No Substance". It was too long, they made the action sequences too lengthy once again like Chapter Two, and there was boring plot stuff in-between that was just lame and new characters that sucked for the most part. If you are literally a guy that only wants to see really well shot Action sequences, John Wick 3 will deliver. However, if you want a nicely packaged Action and story movie like the first one though, then you're probably end up not liking it nearly as much similar to me.<br/><br/>5/10 The action was dialed up too 11! I would love to know how many people he killed in the movie and how many bullets shot Parabellum is easily the best one of the John Wick series so far. Great surprise All action. Lots of guns and the dogs were awesome. Last week I wasted over 3 hours of my life watching "Avengers End Game". I was so disappointed with the lack of action and fun. Fast forward a week and having just watched John Wick 3 the only thing I can say is WOW! From the get go it is action all the way, with Keanu Reeves at his brilliant best. The film never lets up, but unlike some out and out action films this has a really good and intriguing plot. As others have said in their reviews the choreography of the fight scenes is just mind blowing and when you think the action will stop for a bit it just goes again. Fight after fight, it is just amazing.<br/><br/>Avengers End Game might make all the headlines this year with the money it makes but it is not a patch on John Wick 3. Any action film lover has got to watch this film. It will leave you smiling from ear to ear. All I have left to say is bring on John Wick 4!!! I loved every minute of Chapter 3 SPOILER ALERT One thing that is very good is there were fight scenes especially Holly Berry where Keanu Reeves is not in the scene with her. Very realistic. One thing about ending when John Wick is laying in the ally I expected to hear the theme to the Bourne series when he took off. This is a pure Action movie with 2 hours of gorgeous action sequence which puts audiences awestruck. Genre defining Actions with quirky one liners and a symbolic connection with the character makes this film a joy ride and the best one in the franchise.
Go see this movie come back entertained.
11/10 Finally an awesome action movie! No cliche not 'too much' fake things. Just pure action with original reasonable fights, gun fights, reloads etc. The movie rolls smoothly with a lot of action with a Keanu Reeves really giving a great show! Original sense of humor, great directing and so promising! Definitely a worthy sequel that sets the field for more amazing things to come. Don't miss it guys! The worst one from the trilogy, time to put an end to it. Watching John Wick killing everyone for the entire 2 hours movie. No storyline and it's tiresome to watch. Im sorry not a fan. Loved everything about this movie plus the prequels. Amazing film and a high degree of output, production and effects .. In addition to thanks to Kiano for this wonderful effort Reeves is at it again. Best action movie at par with MI Fallout. How far them dogs get you! This movie is by far the best movie in 2019. Did you got surprised, excited and amazed during Captain America Vs Thanos in Endgame? Well... imagine that same feeling but throughout the entire movie. This movie is great! John wick gets better and better, fun and full of action. Moderately enjoyable romp, nothing new. Wasted A listers, seems director would rather see more knife fights than any characters other the John. If you liked the previous two, you will probably like this. I got bit bored. I was really looking forward to this as I enjoyed the previous 2 movies.. but I was so dissapointed. Movie starts off where we left John.. He is running and has one hour to get away from every assassin in the world.
First he has to leave New York.. and I don't blame him.. Because apparantly everybody in New York is an assassin. I could go into detail with a lot of the stupid things in this movie but I won't bother. That first fight in the Library.. I could just not believe it. I kept waiting for the director to yell CUT!!!!
I know these movies are about the action etc. But why not just leave him in New York having him fight to survive... maybe getting help along the way from a few friends?
It almost seems like a lot af his meetings were fabricated just to get roles for these actors, as the whole trip to CASABLANCA was a waste of time in the end anyway.
They set up a sequel ofcourse.. Leaving Neo in a shopping cart in front of Morpheus. This was just an inexcusable money grab. There was no substance, no plot- even the action scenes were recycled and unimaginative. Two stars for Halle Berry and her crotch mauling dogs. But that's it. Ir just felt really goofy. Maybe 4 will be better. Some of the actors were utterly terrible. Way way way overdone. The number of kills is gringe worthy as way way over the top. So many scenes that just don't make sense. The end where he beats three highly skilled martial artists with his slow as movements is so unbelievable. Would be tad believable if he could punch or kick fast but he has very Average athletic ability at best. Bruce lee would be rolling over in his grave laughing hysterically. Action, action, action, fight scenes of stunning choreography, long and relentless. Yes, brilliantly executed but it's strength is it's weakness.<br/><br/>It is an example of the volume on eleven.
I wanted to watch an action movie but my attention started to wane, I lost the plot and interest.
In fact I found myself taking more notice of when there was dialogue and less action.<br/><br/>Are we just looking for stimulation? Or do we want some action with at least a little reason? Just something for our minds to work out?<br/><br/>Sorry, they all did their stuff very well but I want some content with my violence and action.
Movies like this surely will not have longevity? We will not remember them. I cannot remember a movie more boring, shallow and pointless than this, except maybe a low budget 80ties action movie. At least those never took longer than 1h30 This move is essentially a weapons advertisement. It is boring and stupid to the point of ridiculousness. I am writing while the movie is still running. The violence can be "justified" in an action movie, but this is just plain stupid. This is not even glorification of violence, it is just load of fantastic bull excrement. Spoilers!!!
First thing's first, I enjoyed the movie and thought it was great. The action sequences were amazing as always. The actors were good in portraying their characters and delivered a good performance. Keanu Reeves is at his best no doubt about it. But there was only one problem in the movie that bothered me. Something that didn't go quite well and that was the ending. When John wick got shot, fell down the building and went underground with Bowery king. It was kind of a disappointing ending. It felt like John wick ended up in the same place he was in the beginning of the movie, but now full of rage. I just don't think this was the way to end it. Of course the movie ended that way to give the audience high hopes for the next chapter but still. Way end a movie the same way it started more or less???. For me, that was the only flaw. The rest was good enough. I didn't expect an original story, given this is a direct continuation to where Chapter 2 ended; but all I asked for, besides the brilliant, over-the-top action sequences, is an interesting story that can keep me immersed throughout the entire film. Parabellum doesn't even have a plot of its own: it's completely reliant on its predecessor. This really didn't bother me at all, at first.<br/><br/>The way this one picks up only moments from where Chapter 2 ended is just unbelievably great. I really couldn't have hoped, or imagined, for anything better. We get to be fully immersed into the fictional, and almost dystopian, crime world in a way that reminded me somehow of Blade Runner.<br/><br/>The action sequences are stylish, insanely brilliantly choreographed and, most importantly, have innovative ideas and execution. John Wick franchise no longer sets the bar high for other action films; it sets up new standards for how action sequences should be shot and choreographed.<br/><br/>Story-wise, though, this installment really disappointed me. As I mentioned above, all I asked for is an interesting story, be it a mere continuation of the last film or not. Unfortunately, the story here lacks everything that can make it intriguing. It's simply continuation to Chapter 2's with a rehash of storylines we saw thousand times in other action films to fill in the gaps. Moreover, Halle Berry's Sofia is almost an unnecessary addition to the film. I said almost because her dogs partly redeemed the presence of such useless, and even problematic, character.<br/><br/>Drama is definitely not what I expected to see; but with all the silliness in the original and its first sequel, I was somehow, unlike here, emotionally invested in the goings-on and concerned, somehow, about the protagonist. That said, Keanu Reeves is absolutely fantastic as ever. He never gives us let us think of his John Wick as the formidable and invincible hero, even if we are one hundred percent sure he would win at the end of the day.<br/><br/>All in all, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a decent sequel that proves another excellent entry in the franchise, by further expanding upon this exceptional universe and taking even more risks regarding the action scenes and fight choreography.<br/><br/>(8/10) I lost my time. Don't lose yours. This is my first comment at because I wish I had read a comment like this one to save myself from
watching this movie.<br/><br/>Definitely we all love Keanu, but this movie is just too bad. Even the action scenes are boring after a while, and half of the movements are too slow and out of rhythm. The most pointless, graphic, senselessly, gratuitously violent film I've ever seen. It's an exhausting string of over-the-top stunts, fight scenes and a bloodbath of epic proportions. Did a freaking teenager write this screenplay? Please save yourself the 2-hours and 10-minutes of epic disappointment! While having enjoyed the first two chapters of this triptych, I bailed out after the first 15 or 20 minutes of this storyless rampage of violence. Come on, why..! AwfulJust plain awful shooting for the sake of shooting. All he did was waste ammunition making shots that weren't necessary even when he had armor piercing rounds in one person he let go five shots when one would've done it. it was absolutely disgusting a waste of film and just like John Wick to somebody seems to love glass rooms they're ridiculous and Add nothing to the story. even the knife fight were stupid And unimaginative. The continuation of the seemingly futile premise that is the John Wick saga.<br/><br/>Filled with many of the usual and choreographed violent action sequences you would come to expect. In between this, there seems to be an inordinate amount of bureaucracy and supposition surrounding the ominous "High Table".<br/><br/>For all accounts it's well made, but it's just more of the same and rather derivative of the first two. Just don't expect anything more from this and it'll do fine. This movie didn't make much sense to me at all.<br/><br/>It was just long overdone fight scenes.<br/><br/>The only thing I liked was the final scene and seeing the girl ballerinas.<br/><br/>Overall a subpar movie that is kind of entertaining. Many things in this movie doesn't make much sense. What was the point of the man lady? What was the point 8.cutt8ng off his finger? What was the point in the guy shooti g the damn dog?<br/><br/>The fight scenes are too long. In total they all last an hour.<br/><br/>Movie Recommendation to people who like long overdone fight scenes. The action in this film is way too much and way over the top, it makes it unbelievable. How many opponents can you defeat barehanded . I must admit I have fast-forwarded a few times during the action scenes as they were boring. The end of the movie is working its way to and creating an opening for John Wick 4. Also very unbelievable as in the final scene John drops from the top floor of a building hitting the fire staircase with his body and head and drops at least 15 metres from that point onto the pavement. Nobody can survive a fall like that, but when they start looking for the body it's gone. I loved the first, enjoyed the second, but this third instalment made me sad. The character has moved from strong and feared to weak and a 'goal' which has turned the film into 2 hours of fighting with 10 minutes of conversation with Halle Berry.<br/><br/>I hope they do a 4th, and I hope they take the character back to his roots. The character has legs to be a great franchise, if written correctly. Wouldn't watch it again but could watch the others repeatedly Undeniably action packed, but my goodness is it pointless! The whole movie is Keanu reeves wandering around New York (then Casablanca, then New York again) while killing people. I enjoy a mindless action thriller, but this is positively brain dead. No Plot per say and John Wick is not immortal, it got boring and repetitive. I've always been a fan of the Wick Series.
The movie has mind blocking action sequences,
But it's a one time watch.
My least favourite movie in the John Wick collection though. However. This was not like the first two. I recall Keanu saying he didn't do speed two because he only wanted to do movies he'd want to watch. JW3 makes me want to ask him why. What about this would make him want to watch it. I found myself going "wtf?" way too often. I still love Keanu but if there's a JW4 I'll wait until I can watch it for free. Since Jason Mantzoukas had a small role in this silly film, I expect there better be an episode on this movie on the podcast How did this get made. As much as I enjoyed the first two movies, this one just takes the concept of mindnumbingly boring action scenes fifteen steps too far. Every gun shot is a head shot, every head shot is followed by the exact same special effects red cloud - which is REALLY poorly done - and to be honest; the special effects crew either didn't have enough money or just did a crappy job. To sum things up: This is a movie where John Wick is in a lot of hurry, only talking a break to annihilate 5-125 bad guys with mediocre digital make up. Oh, and Halle Berry is AWFUL. The storyline is not good enough. A movie which focuses more on combat fails to live upto its reputation this time. In all the combat scenes involving john and sofia the enemies are so considerate that they wait patiently for john and sofia to reload their guns or slow down very much to get punched by them. No real story, mindless action, gets old after a while Third time around in this action series and the charm of John Wick is fading for me. This isn't to say that the fight scenes are not top notch, because they are and in some cases this film has a few of the best. However, the story line in Chapter 3 is well.. what story line? Although I love a no BS shoot em' up as much as anyone else, I find it hard to stay engaged in a 20 minute fight scene when the plot has not been set up.<br/><br/>Easily the most underwhelming chapter yet in this assassin series. John Wick is dead to me. Worst of the franchise to date. Weak story and repetitive, mind-numbing "action" sequences. No story here. It's like a computer game where you shoot people (John Wick does). Totally boring movie. Could not watch it 'til the end. John Wick is one of the best trilogies to date, the style of the movie and its fight scenes are so amazing to watch. The dialogue while sparse, is almost crafted to seem unintentionally witty. With that said, this was the weakest installment. Still an amazing movie, but could have been written better and tightened up a bit. I hope this does not become a franchise they ruin with rushed movies to meet some arbitrary deadline. If they can continue to finely craft these movies, this will be one of the best movie universes that Hollywood has conjured up. Thoroughly enjoyed this movie, it was funny, fun to watch how John Wick takes care of his business, and I'm excited to see where story goes from here. And Halle Berry's dogs, awesome addition. They steal the show. At first the subject and roles wear not bad but too much unchaned visual effects in fights and so many places not good at all and as a action movie could have stronger fights but i have to say the fight in the second glassy room with twin look men was good , bout the story the arab leader was f... me as full leader but good that the wick role isn't under them anymore What a waste of a franchise. For all the fights it's just a boring mess. Can't suspend my disbelief enough to like this movie I was looking forward to. A shotgun that's loaded with 4 shells fires off 10 rounds. Guns that can hold 20 plus rounds of ammo. Uninspired. The fight scenes aren't even that good either. Just a bunch of morons dance dance revolution fighting like a boy band. The fight scene with Halle Berry was the worst thing I've watched in years. When the characters need to say how good their fight was, you know it wasn't. Self important characters, writers, directors and actors. Spoiler warning just to be safe.<br/><br/>John Wick: Parabellum is better than John Wick 2, but does not have the same strength in story as the first John Wick film. Where it exceeds is the action choreography and the consequences of actions coming back to bite the characters. It also gave a hint of John Wick's backstory, which was nice. Another strong point is that the main antagonist (Zero) was enjoyable. He was skilled, brought dark humor and had a determination to prove himself. Unlike Caspian, Zero actually lived up to the hype. It honestly was kind of sad to see him go, but he definitely gave John a good beating. Sofia was also another good character that left a good impression with her gun okay, her dogs and a bit of inner conflict. I would even suggest that her dogs help her cope with the choices she had to make prior to Parabellum. It will be great if she returns should there be a Chapter 4.<br/><br/>Now one of the weak points of the film is that they expanded the role of the High Table, which at first glance is not bad, but what they did was made their influence so massive that it brings one to wonder who *isn't* under their control? The opportunity to introduce more factions was missed. Also, while the action choreography was great, the story felt overall shallow and was bizarre in some parts. Particularly with the introduction of the Elder and the last scene between John and Winston. They also missed out on an opportunity to show off Charon and took the lazy route by having the Continental security get wiped out in the final act way too fast instead of having an epic gun battle between High Table and supposedly one of the most secured buildings in New York. Essentially, the world building that was used was used poorly, and opportunities were missed to expand in more than one area of John Wick's world.<br/><br/>John Wick: Parabellum is not a terrible movie, but it is not as good as it could have been. If you want a movie with great action, this is the one for you. But John Wick 1 so far has the best story out of the three. A lot of the action scenes were fun, but a lot were also too unbelievable. Okay fine, I can forgive that, but the ending made no sense. The ending requires a level of disbelief so high it ruins the experience. The twist at the end also made no sense. The ending was a terrible setup that doesn't make me want to see John Wick 4 if they make it. I purposely left out spoilers, but the biggest take away from this review is you're gonna have to suspend a massive amount of disbelief. You have to sacrifice too much realism and logic, it just doesn't work. I'm normally fine with suspending a little disbelief, I'm not unreasonable, but they went overboard in this 3rd installment. There's a few points where the enemy has full control over killing John Wick, it made no sense. They purposely showed him mercy, but not just a little mercy, it's like they wanted to be killed by John Wick, it didn't work.<br/><br/>I still recommend watching this movie, but you'll be disappointed unless you're a master in the arts of suspending disbelief.<br/><br/>In my opinion, if you google "suspension of disbelief", it should show John Wick 3 on the Wikipedia page that explains suspension of disbelief. Plays out like a video game. Assassins everywhere all fighting John one at a time but hardly any of them carry a gun. Public murders but no one bats an eyelid. Surely 1 sniper rifle would be enough to collect the bounty. Don't bother I thought it will be get boring as like other movies after new chapter comes. But It was not. Good action and good story. Part One: Surprisingly good. Part Two: A respectable follow-up (happens seldom). Part Three: Wow. The worst Keanu Reeves film I've ever seen, and I've seen nearly any since "Bill and Ted". Way to much senseless fighting scenes, a total lack of any story logic and a painstaking cliffhanger. I was surprised by Asia Kate Dillon, and then embarrassed by her neck tattoo. "EinfÃ¼hlung" sounds German, but it's not an actual word. What a shame. If you can't do it, just don't. Well.. I know that maybe john wick was comical character (like in marvels).. but pleaseeee.... leave 1 or 2 little spot of logic in there and don't take them all away.. oh and one more thing.. pace.. pace.. pace.. perhaps this movie should be in just 40-45 minutes.. like you know.. a tv series episode.. Earlier I have disappointed in part 2 John wick sequel. But I have watched this 3rd sequel becoz of my favourite John wick series. But it didn't disappointed me by thrill way. Yes it's entertaining and thrilling one and my John wick is back in this sequel what I missed in 2nd. Perfect end and am eagerly waiting for next sequel. Thanks crew and cast for this thrilling entertainment drama. The ninja pooches were fantastic .. the whinger humans were atrocious - bit like real life really!
Keanu pretty wooden as usual, rest of cast suffer under a non-existent storyline.
It's a tiresome 2 hour bash-athon. It is not the same like the first or second , the story has been water down . Not looking forward to John wick 4. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum? More like John Wick: Chapter 3 - UnParalleled Mess.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed John Wick 1 & 2. Both had good story lines, action and a sense of foreboding I bought into, but... what the bloody hell happened with John Wick 3?!!<br/><br/>In trying to find an answer I was surprised to see all 3 movies were written, directed and produced by the same people:<br/><br/><ul><li>Directed by: Chad Stahelski</li><li>Produced by: Basil Iwanyk</li><li>Written by: Derek Kolstad</li></ul><br/><br/>So where did it go wrong??<br/><br/>John Wick 3 starts as it means to continue, all over the place. Sure there is a lot of action but one gets the impression the team focused less on the story and more on the action.<br/><br/>The problem is 'more' doesn't mean better and in this case is made even worse where the action is:<br/><br/><ul><li>Just too much!</li><li>The fight scenes (at times) are clearly scripted. For example, the fight scene with between John Wick and the two students in the 'glass room'.</li><li>The film crosses the line of 'forgiving' and goes into the realms of absurd. For example, falling from a 6 or 7 storey (yes, I did count them) building and surviving.</li><li>John Wick appears to be made of sterner stuff than Kevlar...</li></ul><br/><br/>The film is a disappointing, confusing and a mess.<br/><br/>However, this is John Wick and despite being sorely disappoint with this film, I will certainly watch John Wick 4 in the hope it is an improvement.<br/><br/>Chad, Basil and Derek pull your socks up, as you've proven you can do better than this. Bring John Wick 4 back to the better levels of 1 & 2.<br/><br/>And... if you would like any suggestions on how, please don't hesitate to contact me. Thanks. I had to come read these reviews just to make sure I didn't miss the point of the movie, but evidently there was no point! The action scenes are far too long with completely predictable endings. The performances are at some points cheesy and overly dramatic. Been a fan of Keanu and the first two movies for a long time but this one was truly disappointing. While first part was enjoyable action flick, this one is lacking the plot and any "wow" value. Whole mid part of the movie is just pointless, it could be cut at 10 minutes and then continued from 1h30'. The action scenes are ridiculous and it is hard to suspend your disbelief. Clearly made for 13 year olds. I couldn't shake the feeling that I was watching some kind of computer game-play. Me and my wife were laughing that the guys in bullet-proof vests and helmets should have a health and an armor bar over their heads... This is a movie to watch with your drunken pals to have a laugh... Otherwise just stay clear. Let me start by saying I am a big fan of Keanu Reeves. I enjoyed the first John Wick but then the second dropped in creativeness and quality. Now this one goes even lower. To some, blood and gun shoots an action movie makes... but this movie is just too far from reality. I mean I sat there watching it and kept thinking... Is John Wick superman? Can he even be killed? Can he even die? No bulletproof vest, no armor of any kind and yet he doesn't get like a gazillion holes in him. He fights probably 100 guys and never gets out of breath. Knives are thrown at him and they miss. I just couldn't get over all these things. And then the fall...come on... It's as if he was in the Matrix again. Needs more story and a little less killing. I preferred The Equalizer over this. You take away the uncertainty. You see, I dont agree with most of the one star comments, who complain about too much action and no plot. But it is possible to make such a movie good - The Raid gets into mind. Even with little character building you can get engaged because it feels like a genuine fight for life. Here, no matter how much gore is presented it feels like a walk in a park. You are absolutelly sure nothing bad is going to happen. JW3 even had a guest from said film (the raid) - a true martial artist Mad Dog, which performed some stellar fights, but not in this film. He died a same pathetic death as countless other faceless figures. Now you are certain nothing is chanhing, all will be fine, no matter how many or how much armed enemies are coming. It all is just annoying noise. Remember the stale chuck norris jokes? Well the whole movie is basically that. Multiple buses of killers with swat gear? No problem, john will take them out with his belt.
I get that this universe has its own rules, all the "know it all, eye in the sky" that is "the Table" junk. but john walking off multiple gunshots and a fall from the skyscraper roof? That was a final insult. So yeah spoiler alert - its another superhero movie. What will we uncover in the next installment? Who knows, maybe in his childhood he was bit by a radioactive dog? Ridiculous. Giving three stars for nice interiors though. I had big big expectation for this 1, but sadly the story wasn't griping and the action wasn't as good as last 2 movies, but I have to say 3 stars (10/10) for the dog the only good character/actor. Let's face it, without Dafoe and the late Michael Nyqvist, this chapter falls off a cliff into an abyss of fecal matter.<br/><br/>I don't expect many line out of wick but I do hope the Neo / Morpheus combo pays off in chapter 4. So far, it hasn't.<br/><br/>Lawrence, ask for more screen time and take 4 to the same place chapter 1 took us. thanks! So Johnathan Wick has a contract on his head, he pulls in all his debts and goes halfway around the world to get given one last chance, which he immediately gives up to side with the guy who 30 minutes later tries to kill him with no hesitation when given the same choice. That is the whole story and it is idiotic. Fight scene after fight scene is not enough for a good action movie, you need the main character to have some motivation for their actions other than to "I want to live to remember my dead wife".
Best acting in the whole thing was the dogs. It is left wide open for a sequel as well, let's milk this franchise for everything we can. Does no one in Hollywood have a shred of dignity or integrity left? First film was fine, and they should've stopped there. I have given this 10 stars for whoever trained the dogs, but I had to subtract 7 for the dialogue, repetitive mindless fight scenes and complete lack of a single coherent reason for any of Mr Wick's actions. I would like to have written a better review, but this film has actually lowered my IQ. John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum sees the franchise running out of steam as definitively as the exhausted, wounded Wick himself.<br/><br/>Starting where Part 2 left off, reactivated assassin Wick finds himself "excommunicated" from the secret assassin's league after killing a member of its ruling "High Table" on the hallowed, no-kill grounds of the swank Continental Hotel run by the martini-dry proprietor Winston (Ian McShane).<br/><br/>With a grace period of one hour, Wick kills many hoodlums to get to Russian crime queen The Director (Anjelica Huston) who reluctantly gives Wick passage to Casablanca, where he meets mysterious fellow assassin Sofia (Halle Berry). Sofia owes Wick a certain debt.<br/><br/>The action was so nonstop, that you lost track of who, where and how. It is bland, and banal. It is so Hollywood, in 2019. A place that is so culturally babnkrupt, sequels are the best they can do, and action absolutely has to be unbelievable and has to defy the imagination.<br/><br/>Sorry. I am an adult with a discriminating mind. What a terrible thing to waste on such drivel. John Wick 1 and 2 had me along for the ride, but 3 is a downhill slide. Character is replaced by visual spectacle. When the money men come to cash out, directorial insecurities spread Splash Bash and Flash, where we wanted believability (suspension of disbelief). Instead of building on the soul of the story, Wick as a man of focus and unequal determination - omeone we can believe in, the third and most charmless Wick falls on his sword, guts his integrity, quenches the flame of his name sake, and proves the parable: those that live in glass houses shouldn't throw us dissatisfying, open ended endings, that deceive us viewing lambs, to you think we will reach the greener pasture of satisfaction. Nay. The hay of a triumph was not for us to feed on. But to soak up our blood from the slaughterhouse floor: we were always going to be sacrificed for the shareholders bottom line. No Chad Stahelski, people who live in glass houses should not throw stones. Never mind of swords. This is the real problem here. majority of the reviewers were complaining that there was no plot and just mindless violence. keep in mind, the plot was all set in the first installment. John wick 3 was about surviving and killing. there was really no plot to begin with.<br/><br/>See, you can have an action movie with a stupid plot with no character development whatsoever and STILL be entertaining to sit through. An action film should still be borderline realistic. Even those old school kung fu movies where guys fly around and do magical doo doo stuff was more entertaining because they were well choreographed at least.<br/><br/>That wouldn't have been a problem if the fight and gun combo scenes were meticulously choreographed here. Instead they were very bad and felt rushed. This one managed to get it all, the bad cgi blood, the endless spawning of bad guys that would only appear random times that made no sense, the 100 lbs woman kicking ass against 200 lbs men that are trained to kill at some point doesn't reload...damn how many rounds do you have on you girl?<br/><br/>The fight scenes were the worst. John wick seems to block the punches that weren't thrown yet or was just about to be thrown. You can see him pull his punches as to not hurt the stunt guys! punches looked like he was swatting flies of the bad guys face.<br/><br/>Then, if you are surrounded by killers best to do many flashy jujitsu moves before killing 1 guy? well I guess its because they were waiting for their turn to move eh? Total waste of money and resources. When I went to watch the movie I expected this to be the end of a trilogy, It was not.<br/><br/>If you come looking just for a lot of action this movie is perfect. The main problem with the story is that NOTHING changes for John. He kills a lot of people but in the end he is still hunted and everything is basically the same as when the movie started. I enjoy how the story progresses through the three films and after this one I am definitely looking forward to a fourth movie.<br/><br/>However, there was a lot of things in this movie that didn't make sense to me, like the fact that there are knife fights in crowded areas with bad guys getting stabbed left to right and the people around them don't even seem to notice, or like the scene where they fire guns in a stable full of horses and the animals barely flinch.<br/><br/>The fights are nice, with wonderful choreography just like in the previous films, but the way they force comedic personalities onto the more dangerous villains kind of takes the edge off the excitement.<br/><br/>All in all I enjoyed the two previous movies in the series more, but this one is still worth watching and it left me with high hopes for chapter 4! Long, repetitive and LONG (did I say that already) long boring fight scenes. After the 3rd (LONG) fight scene I felt like I had been kicked in the head by a horse! In fact, one of Big Johns best weapons is a horse that kicks bad guys in the head on command. Big Johns command of course.
Apparently bad guys can be stabbed, shot and mutilated dozens of times, and still get back up and continue fighting!
BUT... not after being kicked in the head by a horse. Statistics show that a hundred times more bad guys die, every year, from being kicked in the head by a horse than all other modes of murder combined! Look it up!
Unfortunately, horses are hard to hide in your pocket or pant waist :( Yet, the numbers of bad guys being murdered, all over the world, by brutal horse kicks to the head continues to rise at alarming rates.<br/><br/>I'll sum up my thoughts regarding the movie with a Keanu Reeves quote;<br/><br/>"What would happen if you melted?" (or your brain melted from watching too many Big John movies) Keanu continues with his contemplation of melting by stating,<br/><br/>"You know, you never hear this talked about much, but spontaneous combustion? It exist!"<br/><br/>Sound thoughts to live by indeed for - What would happen if you melted?
Perhaps Keanu, the self appointed spokesperson for the existence of spontaneous human combustion will share the answer in his next movie.
The never ending saga of John Wick - and his horse. Weak and predictable. How many bullets does a hand gun hold. No story line. Costume design a joke I'm a great fan of action & violence and I have thoroughly enjoyed both previous films however, the action & violence was a wee bit over the top, about 5 minutes! I won't bother going into the details as I feel the many other fans of John Wick would have felt the same. I was so looking forward to seeing the 3rd film and to see a final solution only to be left with a teaser ending to keep the story going on yet again. All I can say is that I as many others will not bother when John Wick 4 comes out! First off I like the first one, second one was pretty good but I now see they are just trying to make this a never ending story so they can put more money in their pockets and hope enough people will check their minds at the door. There were numerous opportunities where the person appearing to want to kill John, stop mid kill to let him get up dust off his suit, load his gun and try again. It was like giving him a second chance and I don't get the punching and kicking when you could stab, slice, or kill in the time it takes you to dance around with a sword or knife. Fight scenes were entertaining but quickly became comical and dull as they lost their believability. Wait for it on Netflix. You will be glad you did. I saw this movie in the theater with my 45 year old boyfriend and boy was it long boring and mindless, no real plot just stabbing and shooting, the knife going into the guys shoulder in the library looked like a fake CGi knife, they were so lazy they couldn't use a real looking prosthetic one, every 2 minutes another knife or gun fight, towards the end they had a sword to his throat twice and let john wick go those 2 times, omg it was stupid, 90 percent on rotten tomatoes lol just goes to show how small minded and simple minded people are in 2010s 2019, I'm sure my boyfriend will drag me to the next overhyped dumb blockbuster film, my bf is not very wise Honestly if I were to pick a John wick movie to watch. It would probably be this one. I have seen all the movies, and this one just stands out to me. The Violence and action in this movie was flipping amazing. I can't even believe they pulled it off, this is a masterpiece of choreography. Most of this movie is violence like at least 92% of this movie is violence. I loved every second of it. I would definitely recommend this movie, can't recommended enough. Seemingly a picture for the video game generation where the main character(s) off baddies using the same moves again & again, just in slightly different locations.<br/><br/>Really enjoyed the first Wick film, but from then it's got too same-y with the sequels. 'Two shots to the chest, then one to the head x 1000.'<br/><br/>The Wick series could have been so much better; pity it hasn't been... They have dragged the franchise to a 3rd chapter & it's getting silly, the don't mess with me assassin from the 1st film is now taking ages to kill his enemies, it's about 40 mins too long & the end is even worse, a big is that it moment! I hope the original 2 directors re unite for future John wick films & get the franchise back on track. With 2 great films under the John Wick banner I thought how could they screw this up? I didn't take into account that they'd go b*lls out with the style over substance trope that have derailed so many great franchises in the past Die Hard 4, Taken 3 & Matrix Revolutions (Ironically another Reeves franchise that changed the action genre only to outstay its welcome by the 3rd chapter) Parabellum suffers the same fate, this time with mindless action set piece after set piece that just tp lead to... yep another pointless action scene. In the first 2 films you could actually feel concern for the lead, but this one was just boring & the plot was thrown out the window with the script. The 1st film was great because the character was relatable due to losing a loved one & to kickstart the action his only memory of her is brutally killed (animal lovers can relate to this) so he goes out for revenge and it was GLORIOUS. The 2nd Chapter while not as good as the 1st was still a fun ride & gave some backstory to the John Wick universe & an antagonist we could HATE. The 3rd had none of this it was all over the place with its story & by the closing scene I am now burnt out on this franchise. Which is a shame as John Wick was the franchise that got me back into the cinema This movie is nothing about making money from people's thirst for blood and violence. There is nothing worth mentioning in this movie except for fighting, and shooting, and blood. And it's not even credible. It's poor and childish. Hundreds of people barely manage to wound John before he kills them all. The hits he take doesn't do him a harm but kills everybody else. It's laughable. There is no story, no drama. Just blood everywhere. It's a waste of time. Why does Keanu do this any more? I only watched this movie because Halle Berry is in it - for about 15 minutes it turns out, the action scenes are endless and always the same so therefore get extremely tedious. I don't recommend this movie for anyone who wants actual depth to the plot. Compare to previous chapters this is only 4 stars à give. Not John Wick I know. Pitty. I've paused this at 20 minutes just to check here on IMDB, and I really should've read the viewers' comments before I started watching it. At first I suspected I'd missed the set-up at the very beginning, but no I hadn't; the makers had simply decided to make the movie without bothering to set up any story. Well if they can't be bothered to tell me a story, I can't be bothered to watch it. This game has the dumbest AI I have ever seen. Or maybe I was watching Madonna's live tour routine but couldn't be sure because she never appeared on the stage. Most people who dislike this film say that it's 2 hours non-stop action/fight scenes and that by the end they get tired of it. I say there is not enough action, by that I mean original John Wick action, and too much droning on about the high table and the its secret society politics and bureaucracy B.S. and that's why by the end half the audience gets bored.<br/><br/>Chad Stahelski kept saying in interviews that they "expanded the story". I say they didn't expand it, they just padded it with stupidity. Bureaucracy, politics, and gruesome rituals does not a story make. Tip: A little bit of mystery goes a long way.<br/><br/>Talking about rituals, JW3 is taking a simple but brilliant action movie franchise too far down the conspiracy rabbit whole, taking the audience on a ride they did not ask for. Why was it necessary to brand John twice like a cow? And for him to accept and willingly subject himself to this treatment? Why was it necessary for him to self mutilate and cut his finger off? (Keanu's hand now having to be airbrushed in all subsequent movies.) Why does this alpha male unstoppable assassin all of a sudden emasculate and accept to be a servant to the secret society elites? In fact several times telling them that he WANTS to SERVE them. Happy to be a slave? WTF?<br/><br/>Also there is so much christian symbology used throughout the film that it seems the writers are struggling with their faith and spirituality and are purging their religious existential crisis onto the viewers.<br/><br/>I really hope that in JW4 John gets rid of the high table and all its nonsense in the first 15minutes and gets back to a semi-normal life, avenging new foes. What made the first JW story good was that John Wick was a HUNTER, not a prey or a servant, and he had a resemblance of a normal life, making him relatable to the audience.<br/><br/>Now let's get to the action sequences. The library - great idea and well executed but was totally unrealistic due to the sheer size difference between the two of them. It felt like the villain LET John win, as he didn't do much to overpower him. I think a giant like Boban deserved to have a better, longer role written for him, somewhat like Jaws in James Bond.<br/><br/>The horse sequence was much talked about in the press and interviews, and it was absolutely fantastic from beginning to end but much too short. More time should have been dedicated to it and less to the boring end-boss glass room fight, which just went on and on and on to justify the flashy and unrealistic set that they built. That set with its giant moving screen wall was way too matrix sequel-ly, and that's not a good thing.<br/><br/>Ditto to the motorbike sequence, fantastic but much too short compared to the lesser, more boring fight scenes.<br/><br/>The knife fight sequence was just right, but too gruesome. Loved the lead up scene to it where John had to prep and load ancient guns, I think this idea should have been explored further.<br/><br/>The desert scenes were stunning, but the Casablanca sequence was embarrassingly Hollywood cliché, complete with belly dancers. Sheesh I thought for a second I was watching the SATC sequel. Keanu is a worldly guy, why did he ok this silly cliché-riddled drivel? The dog fight scenes were alright, but you get the feeling that whole Casablanca sequence was unnecessary. Here the story unraveled in an unpleasant way with Sofia having nothing but hatred for John (much like 'the Director'), despite the fact he helped her previously (alluding to a previous friendship) and some terrible dialogue about her urge to kill her own daughter. WTF?<br/><br/>Finally, the semi-final battle at the Continental hotel which was true original John Wick style and amazing. Loved how they picked the guns, loaded them, did their thing (having to go for the neck) and then came back for the armour piercing guns and did the good work with those. It was cool that Charon actually got to do some action in this chapter (although not enough of it was shown!) and that he kept surviving and coming back to reload like John. Makes you question whether he is as good an assassin as John?<br/><br/>Once again this sequel is missing the kick-ass soundtrack that the first JW had, despite numerous fans complaining about its absence in the first sequel. Still, the producers didn't listen and there are no cool songs in this film either.<br/><br/>It pains me to give this film a 3 star rating, but I have to, due to the ridiculous unrealistic story, awful dialogue and the one dimensional characters with no depth to them.<br/><br/>The 3 stars are purely for the brilliant action sequences and the actors' and director's work and dedication that went into them. The rest is terrible drivel, made all the more worse by the fact that it took 4 screenwriters to NOT come up with a good story. It you want to go and see a really bad movie this is the one for you .<br/><br/>Somehow people are either being paid by the studio or amazon is being plagued by false reviews no one in their right mind could give this rubbish 10/10. The only thing it gets 10/10 for is being worse than John Wick 2 if that was possible ? Well it was and they succeeded !<br/><br/>So if you like your films to be an unintelligible tattoo convention with shoot em up first and third person shooter video game then this is the one for you - good luck .<br/><br/>If you like gratuitous violence you'll love this - lots of knife throwing , lots of exploding heads and very little dialogue , plot or cohesion - then this is for you .<br/><br/>The influences were clear - add the cast and more than a touch of matrix , a bit of blade runner , a big Wolfenstein 3d , doom and you've got it .<br/><br/>There were however a few minutes of actual calm where you felt - yes this could get better - but they didn't last long .<br/><br/>It is possible to make a video game film actually enjoyable and with a plot take Assassins Creed for example - and the first John Wick film was good but this was bad and if you didn't like John Wick 2 you'll hate this as it's worse .<br/><br/>But maybe it's a marmite film like Blade from 20 years ago with Wesney Snipes there are people out there who loved it - I thought it was awful - we can't all like the same films - if this is your type of film enjoy - I'm sorry but I had to walk out it was just going nowhere for me .<br/><br/>Pad.A 2/10 This was one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen filled with nothing but gratuitous violence, killings, stabbings, killings, blood, killings... Need I say more? Very gory.. too much violence.
Previous sequel were good I felt this film had less of a story than the first two films, but with longer and more authentic and realistic action/fight scenes, I'm good with that. Directing was spot on, but the writing could have been tighter, as the plot was too predictable. It did however leave a nice cliff-hanger for Chapter 4. Still, one of my top franchise films of all time, and still deserving of my perfect 10/10 rating. John is too old to do the fight. The bad guys got a lot of chance to kill him but they somehow just stopped and let him relax for a few seconds then get themselves killed. In the building, so many of those bullet proof guys can't kill him and let him kill them one by one. What the... Doesn't make sense. If they should scale it down just a bit. then I would give it an 8/5 This is possibly the corniest film of all time. I wish they'd discard all dialogues altogether. Just fight scene after fight scene w/ no more than 3 seconds of transition. If you pay attention you'll see that any scene that is not a fight scene that lasts longer than 3 seconds is TRASH. The only good thing about the whole franchise is action, nothing more. everything else is PURE CRINGE.<br/><br/>A curious thought: What do you think Jeff Bezos' reaction is to some of the premise? Would Bezos get off his couch for a measly 14 mil? Pocket change amirite? A small nothing from the taxes he didn't have to pay. This puts things in perspective. Is 14 mil worthy of all the fuss AROUND THE GLOBE? Hell no. These people are all acting high and mighty when they really are nobodys of the world.<br/><br/>No seriously. It's a scam. Nobody gets the 14 (15) mil. The introduction of the Arab elder of the table was so underwhelming it made me laugh. That little tent from the desert was like the same one they used in Game of Thrones lmao. What the hell man, your servant's servant has nice castles lol.<br/><br/>Oh the film is so cringy and stupid and CORNY. Give up already. Write even less story and focus 99.999% on action. We don't want to see anything else.<br/><br/>1/10 The first film was surprisingly not terrible. The choreography was stunning, even if much of the movie was unabashedly corny. The second film was surprisingly beautiful, exhilarating, and even quite moving. It expanded the mythology of the film's world in a way that was evocative, mysterious, and engaging. The third film... meh. I was quite bored throughout most of it.<br/><br/>The first fight is pretty awesome. The second fight is visually stunning and quite inventive. But then the movie settles into a groove from which it never escapes. The fights stop being surprising. They drag on far too long, and there are no real reversals. (John Wick is pretty much always winning, that is to say.) The violence becomes cartoonish and stops having any visceral impact.<br/><br/>The characters are all so hollow and interchangeable that it doesn't matter how many dozens of them are being killed. New characters like "The Adjudicator" and Sofia are atrociously acted. (Anjelica Huston is pretty intriguing in her brief scenes.) The mythology is stretched to its limits and quickly crosses over from evocative to stupid. At one point, John Wick walks into the Sahara Desert, where just past the point of death he will supposedly come face-to-face with the godlike man who "sits above the Table" and somehow sees everything and is in charge of this entire assassins' world. You'd think that character would be something really unexpected, like Kathy Bates feeding a tame rabbit and talking about how violence solves nothing; instead, that character is the most stereotypically dull criminal mastermind you can possibly imagine living in the Sahara Desert, and he sends John Wick on a high-stakes mission that in fact makes no sense at all once you take two seconds to think about it.<br/><br/>I was zoned out for most of the movie. I thought maybe I was just in a bad movie, but the three friends I saw it with also agreed that it was thoroughly disappointing. Maybe John Wick: Chapter 9 - Geriatrum will revitalize the series. I really enjoyed 1 & 2. They too were heavy action movies without a ton of dialogue but John Wick 3 LITERALLY has NO dialogue at all for the last 40 minutes of the movie. None, zilch, not minimal dialogue...NO dialogue. Additionally the fight scenes are very choreographed and seem slow compared to the way Jackie Chan executes the same type moves. JW 1 & 2 fight scenes were not supper fast like Jackie Chan either but they were not noticeably slow. It's almost as if Keanu moves like he has gotten too old to be doing this (even though he doesn't look it). I was rooting for this movie but it's a let down (the second half).. I couldn't wait for it to end so we could leave, This could be the worst movie ever! Part 1 was great 2 was so and so, 3 was terrible! There was a lot of nonsense. After being disappointed with the second movie I still had quite high expectations from this one because JW series certainly has potential. Unfortunately, this movie suffers from several conspicuous things.<br/><br/>Firstly, acting is unbelievably two-dimensional. Absolutely no one, not even Halle Berry, delivered any other emotion other than desire to kill and even that one was delivered poorly. About 90% of time actors look like angry ten-year old's after their toy had been taken from them.<br/><br/>Secondly, action becomes boring after seeing the first half of the movie. This is a major one since action sequences is all JW has to offer.<br/><br/>Thirdly, story is nonexistent. This may not seem as a big problem since JW series don't pretend having one. But give as at least something! This story vacuum influences the way action sequences are ordered. That is why they become boring after the first hour or so: nothing happens in between and so they occur in a similar fashion.<br/><br/>Fourthly, movie never creates any tension. Remember the bank robbery scene from Heat? Until the action starts you're already at the edge of your seat! There's not anything like that in this movie. And again, action, which is pretty much everything JW has to offer, becomes monotone.<br/><br/>Fifthly, there's a lot of occult symbolism in the movie and the violence sometimes becomes awful. The entire movie looks, at least for me, like it was made by a group of satanists.<br/><br/>In conclusion, this movie suffers from a grave lack of moderateness in every area. Avoid it unless being a JW fan. This movie was boring, nearly plotless, overly violent and the worst of the 3 Wick films. Angelica Houston and the 3 dogs in the film were the only reason to see this dud. John Wick 2 was elegant and had a plot that bounced off the first Wick and became its own Wick--John Wick 3 doesn't do that; rather, it's a hodge-podge of settings laced together and the audience has to decide what to make of it. Still has action and an exotic locale, but missing a nifty montage, cool music and a coherent plot. I've been looking at John Wick since 2014 and I can say that I did not expect him so much, all my expectations were focused on Avengers: Endgame (which was Wow, an end of the colossal era) and I I was busy and I went to the cinema (with few ideas about the movie) and I can say that this movie is Avengers: Infinity War edition 2019. I hope that those people have a break so that they can find the best ideas for a second trilogy. Unfortunately, this movie will help Avatar stay on top, a complex action movie and a gorgeous screenplay, find out John Wick's real home and see how he was physically injured twice, and the second which was brutal and unexpected (I am referring to the end of the film) I was shocked and satisfied because now he has another reason to take revenge. Extremely disappointed
Below expectations
It's not like absolutely nothing happens in the movie it's just that there are no obvious plots, gut-wrenching excitement, or character arcs that seem larger than life<br/><br/>Nothing special average action and dull story This movie is only for 14-15 years old boys who spend most of their valuable times in front of pc Disappointment !!! Waste of money so overrated.
No moral. Two hours of no enjoyment Ok; so this one takes off exactly where John Wick 2 finished. The first 20-30 minutes of this starts off brilliantly, extremely compelling & state of the art superb fight sequences. But its really from there onward that this movie starts to get extremely repetitive: John Wick goes into a building, 40 to 50 assassins try to kill him, theres a fight scene involving John Wick beating them all up, he then goes into another building after being knocked down by a car but getting up uninjured, another 40 to 50 assassins there waiting for him And theres really only so much of this repetitive formula that us the viewers can take before we start to get bored.
In-between all of that,theres tattooed lesbian operators calling over the intercom the bounty on John Wick, highly important corrupt people coming out of the woodwork, a walk in the desert, Hallie Berry desperate to make an impression and grab the attention of would-be film makers that are going to be watching this letting them know she's still around cause lets face it - when was the last time Hallie Berry was on the big screen? a dire brutal parody performance from a normally credible Ian McShane, a credible cameo from Anjelicia Huston and lets not forget the lesbian one going from place to place barking orders at everyone, and even that lesbian one starts to get a bit tired & fed up as the movie progresses. O yes and Laurence Fishburne yet again with those pigeons.
As I said, this movie gets very repetitive, uninteresting, fails to stimulate, runs out of fizz (that said, an impression motorbike chase scene in mix) and by the final act involving a room made of glass and mirrors, I for one was examining my watch wondering how much time was left.
Naturally enough after John Wick 2, expectations were sky high for this one, and it just turns into an over-cooked mess with the makers totally losing the plot & trying to pull the wool over our eyes. This movie is NOT as on the money or on the hyper beat as John Wick 2. Costing a budget of $55million with a run time of 2hrs 10mins, this movie would've been better had they shaved say 25mins off it onto the editing-floor thus reducing the budget to about $40million. As it stands, John Wick 3 is way too polished, scrapes the barbel for a riveting compelling story, depends on relentless repetitive fight scenes to keep it ticking over which as I said get a bit boring after a while, and it *tries* to be along the lines of Raid 2 but fails miserably to come even remotely close to being as brilliant as it with an exhausted Keanu Reeves doing the best that he can.
[5/10] Loved the first 2 movies, but this one not so much. Just stare at Wick in some of the fight scenes and let your eye loose slight focus, and you'd see he's not really moving; its the other actors around him flailing wildly. By the 2nd half of the movie, I felt, "been there done that" with what I was seeing. Nothing was new or surprising. Every killer is a bad shot except Wick? Highly unlikely when they are all assassin's too. Those assasins would be pretty broke if they couldn't land a shot. Wick doesn't move faster than bullets, nor is he hitting any Matrix moves on them by back-bending or stopping bullets in mid-air. Now the fight scenes just feel impossible for a slow moving guy with what appears to be a former club foot hobbling around. The best movie in 2019 so far !!!! A good story and great actors with a twist ending what a wonderful journey The choreography alone is enough to give this movie 15 stars! Dark humor, unexpectedly great scenes and Keanu Reeves, omg. Perfect! Over the top fight scenes interspersed with banal dialogue I would rather watch two hours of Fortnite on youtube. You know the creators are desperate when they throw horses and dogs in the action sequences. The action is simply played out and comical now. The adversaries mostly wait to get stabbed or shot. Halle Berry looks ridiculous in throwing guys three times her size. I never expect a thick plot in JW franchise but this is almost like they are winging it as they go along. Like why dont we throw a horse in there? Or maybe a dog next time. How about giraffe in Time Square for JW4?!
The whole thing is mind numbingly stupid, the action is old and silly, the characters are cartoonish and to top it all, they added Halle Berry to do marshal art!!! For god's sake...
In contrast, you should watch Extraction on Netflix. Same sort of fast gamer action sequence but with depth. The setting much more believable and characters can actually deliver emotion. What a great contrast to this piece of junk. Worst 2 hrs of quarantine. I watched paint dry and felt better than watching this mind numbing movie.
Summary..... he fights..... Looks for a man so he can cut off his own finger........ Then fights some more. Reeves, McShane, Fishburne, & Reddick were the only ones not "acting tough". Halle Berry was so fake I had to skip through everything she did. Asia Dillon made the Adjudicator look like an impatient teenager instead of a mysterious strong character - P!nk the singer would have done a better job.<br/><br/>Some of the gun-fu was good. The horse riding through the streets was fake. Most of the hand to hand combat looked like space filler and went on too long...<br/><br/>Panic music when nothing was panicky, etc... Almost no story, no real, cool characters (what the whole trilogy is about)... Joke, amateurish movie. #JohnWick3 is action at its finest. It raises the bar for the franchise and adds new depth to the
#JohnWick universe. Some real funny action/ fight sequences, especially the knife throwing scene. Was almost comical. Great tongue in cheek moments. The last glass room fight scene at end of movie felt like an eternity. Luckily Keanu is worth watching. Alot of story telling in this prequel, let's you guess where the 4th installment is heading. This movie got unrealistic fighting and it show that kenu winning all of them. Like tipical indian action movie. Yes I love a blood-fest but at least TRY using a plot to string together your clumsily choreographed fight scenes.
Halle Berry aquits herself well enough but Reeves proves once again that he's incapable of a decent fight scene without it being edited into 1 or 2 second chunks, flowless if you get me.
Director can't seem to make up his mind whether it's a superhero movie or not and so decides to throw the kitchen sink at it.
The horse($H1T) scenes are especially cringeworthy.
I could go on but I've wasted enough time already.
Do yourself a favour and give this steaming pile a miss Okay but the weakest of the John Wick movies. The producers should take a break and produce a 4th movie only if they really got a good story. Chapter 3 - even the fights did bore me after a while. Granted, the action is great and gruesome. The story is non existant but you don't really expect much. What irritates me is really the cartoonish level of John's survival. It's about as believable as Batman surviving more that 1.6 seconds against Superman... if you're gonna make someone awesome at fighting then stop with the Rocky comebacks... I do not understand the phase of these which gave this film a low rate I absolutely loved 2&3, it kept us on the edge and attached to the movie. Chapter 3 is overwhelmed by the amount of action. There is no storyline...just that he is fighting to safe his life, duh we knew that when chapter 2 ended that he would be fighting for his life! Why didn't they storyline it to go after the high table and do a change of power? Or become part of the table as a progressive example of coming from nothing and making it out on top above the odds; there was so much story that they could have added to this and instead it's just...f.i.g.h.t.i.n.g for his life. To say the least my husband fell asleep watching the movie. We kept saying when is the fighting going to stop? Now we are probably going to have to hope that chapter 4 maybe a fight to come after the table (rolling my eyes)<br/><br/>**What killed it even more.... the Chinese dude with a long sword in his chest gets up to talk....really!!!! The directors and writers have been very greedy.
John Wake's film was a very beautiful film,
But that was no reason to empty people's pockets
Making other parts like:
It was a complete fraud
It was theft
It was abuse of people's interest
It was an insult to the people
It was greed
It was extortion
It was the lowest level of morality
It was an insult to art
It was an abuse of people's trust
It was dirty Why??<br/><br/>1- Fight scene is very low, inchoate and slow.
2- Story is ridiculous, no drama, no thriller, simply no art!
3- Easy predictable.
4- lieing is so exagurated, John falls from a top of the building hitting 3-4 angles and getting upeasily without any indications of fractions, coma or any thing!!! seems ridiculous, and felt as indian scence!
5- that man over the table !!,,,, I am speacless. He seems the most powerfull man on earth, and lives in a tent in the desert completely separated form any kind of civilization! how is that possible? is it 5G innovation???<br/><br/>I could list few more point but the summery is clear as in the title, movies that deliver a message and gives value, gets 4 or 5, and garbage like this John Wick 3, Aquaman, It, Anabella... gets 7 and 8. people taste is unbelivable..<br/><br/>this move has a good strat with a great identity in John Wick part 1, then it should stop.<br/><br/>The 2 star is for the 2 dogs only, they deserve it. I wish Keanu Reeves would stop making silly movies. We all remember him in Matrix #1 (which was the best of course) and I've seem all the "John Wick" movies. The first one was barely edible. From there one it's down hill. Sorry Keanu... so sorry... I rarely had the "chance" to see such a bad movie with such a high IMDB rating. And looking at the note given by Metascore you get to wonder seriously if you can still find an honest critic in this world. The performance of the actors was excruciating, I started counting the goofes but after twenty minutes I got bored. I managed with stoicism to follow him to the end. 5/10 for the battle scenes that fortunately occupy about 80% of the entire movie Not good action.this was like animation.i expect a good movie There was more than enough action if that's what you like but for people who loved the, 'nice guy gets revenge' storyline of the first one, you will probably get to the stage where the fight scenes just become tedious and boring due to how many of them there are and how long they go on for. The movie was amazing until he got to Casablanca. It was jammed packed with action, almost so much so that you lose the story. It felt like there was too much Halle Berry - probably to satisfy those that want political correctness. The movie is titled John Wick - not Catwoman. I was disappointed in this one. The first two I give a 10! But John Wick didn't seem as special in this one. The story seemed to rabbit trail around and not focus on him. By bringing in Halle Berry, John Wick was no longer as BA as he had been. She could do everything he could. The Asian guy through me off. It's a shame. This really could've been wrapped up in a nice neat 10. Some character break the tone of the movie and the plot takes some pontless directions Extraordinary movie, loved every second of it. Definitely worth a watch, just like all the other John Wick movies. The plot, characters and everything about John Wick is just really enjoyable to watch. Great acting, cast and film production throughout the whole movie. Non Stop Breath taking actions ! Keanu Reeves
(John Wick) at his best. Very brutal fast-paced killing . Not good for kids or under age. For example, he can kills with just a book, literally. Awesome John Wick sequel so far. This is a rollercoaster ride of shooting and killing in a movie. Just what i wanted out of John Wick 3. This is a must watch. This movie is bigger and longer (atleast feels a LOT longer) than the first two films but that doesn't mean it's better. Probably the weakest of the three films. The stakes have been upped to the max and all the odds are stacked against John Wick. In the end you feel like you've watched one long violent cartoon. The Casablanca fight scene and the climax fight scene overstays their welcome. This film could have been
easily trimmed by 20min and would have been better for it. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is the most spectacular film of the franchise that will obviously carry on beyond this movie. It shows how the hunter has become the hunted as professional hitman John Wick gets chased around the globe and must reconcile with allies from the past to save his life. The story gets some more depth towards the end as a web of conspiracies, intrigues and lies unfolds and offers a few minor surprises and twists.<br/><br/>The action sequences are even grittier than in the two convincing prequels. The body count in the first fifteen minutes alone is very elevated and will keep the audience on the edge of its seats. The characters don't only use weapons like pistols and daggers but also martial arts techniques inspired buy jiu-jitsu and judo in particular. Other memorable action scenes include a fast-paced escape on a horse, a motorcycle chase and the final scene on a rooftop. Let's also point out that two dogs have some quite remarkable appearances in this film that can be considered highlights of the franchise.<br/><br/>The locations are also quite intriguing this time around. Aside of locations familiar from the first two films, we discover a Russian theater linked to John Wick's past, an elegant skyscraper made of glass and the city of Casablanca in Morocco as well as the nearby desert. The combination of stunning action scenes, beautiful locations and a few plot twists keep the film entertaining from start to finish.<br/><br/>In the action film genre, the John Wick franchise is the best thing you could watch these days. This is what the Expandables franchise should have become like as Keanu Reeves faces some prolific actors of the action film genre like Marc Dacascos and Yayan Ruhian. If you analyze the fascinating universe the three movies of the franchise have put together, the sum can even be considered greater than its parts. The only reason why this movie doesn't get a higher rating is because it remains very formulaic, predictable and traditional beyond its entertaining values. John Wick 3 ups the violence and action, to a point so grotesque that it becomes a caricature of itself, becoming more like Rambo film than anything that resembles the previous Wick movies. Bad guys spend seconds in frame just standing watching John Wick do a dozen choreographed fight moves. It's somewhat mindless entertainment for the first 15 minutes, but becomes downright boring by the second half of the film. Where is the efficient ruthlessness???<br/><br/>The film is very overtly self-referential, which just further reminds you of the superiority of the earlier films. We get it, John likes dogs and did this all for a puppy in Wick 1. We get it, John Wick is feared and respected in this criminal underworld. Show me more, tell me less.<br/><br/>Finally, the film seems the lead up to a final showdown with the main villain, Zero, played by Mark Dacascos. Without getting into specifics, Zero is sort of "meh." I can't muster up the energy to really write more or care about him.<br/><br/>This review will not tackle any plot holes or the overall plot itself, which is also not without major faults.<br/><br/>Oh, and Halle Berry is not good. Professional hitman John Wick (Keanu Reeevs) seeks to escape those willing to take his life for the bounty on his head by killing his way to the one that can reverse his exocommunicado status.<br/><br/>The movie starts with John Wick seeking to recover himself from his injured state and find what he needs in order to prevent himself from being killed. This gives the audience just enough time to prepare themselves before the film's continuous combat scenes that never stales from its thrill. The parts were Wick fights his killers while on a motorcycle and a horse is as attention-grabbing as the movie gets: ongoing combat while simultaneously traveling is a nice addition to the trilogy's set of action sequences, complemented by its appealing visuals to set the mood for a specific fight scene.<br/><br/>This third film also has no shortage of a bright and diverse cast, with the addition of people such as Halle Berry, Boban Marjanovic (a present player of the NBA's 76ers), as well as Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman (well known for their roles in The Raid). Each person brings more color and personality to the film which adds more to the film, making it probably the most exciting out of the three John Wick movies.<br/><br/>Towards the end of the film is where John Wick starts to disappoint. I still believe that the film should've taken the alternative direction as to what actually happened towards the end, which really impacts my overall rating of the film. I won't say much so as not to spoil the film for those who haven't seen it yet, but John Wick had a purpose as to why he wanted to escape death. I, myself, asked the very same question why he went through all the trouble, and Wick's reason for this was very much felt. However, the conclusion feels as if what Wick went through in the end was pointless after the final decision he chose even after the sacrifice he made and what became of him.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a very well made thrilling action blockbuster that doesn't fall short of its expectations. Though the ending could have preferably been different, John Wick: Chapter 3 is every bit as good, if not better, in terms of action sequences, from its two previous prequels, and is worth seeing for that reason alone. Well people did say that john wick would loose it's edge with the 3rd chapter but nooo this chapter is as amazing as the first two. Every time keanu and team surprise us with new stunts and action sequences. Now waiting for the 4th chapter. Haven't seen action movie like this since a very long time. Hope it'll keep its pace. A beautifully choreographed action scenes, well performed by Keanu Reeves. I must say this part is way better,than part 2 . Lot's of action,special effects fantastic also the image of the people,who comes for help with wonderful cast . Fabulous Hale Berry dogs . Looks like it will be part 4 ,so Am waiting. There is only the one thing for me the fight scenes are way too looooong So, now we got ourselfes a high-concept R-rated mainstream action-franchise that seems to get more popular with every entry - who would have seen that coming after the first JOHN WICK five years ago?<br/><br/>PARABELLUM starts off exactly where the second chapter ended and gives us 30 minutes of straight action-perfection with incredible lighting right away. While the last act picked up steam again, I do think that the opening was the best part of the movie. Unfortunately, the middle part dragged a little and didn't make any sense storywise in retrospective - it really just seemed like a set-up for some change of environment and an action scene involving Hally Berry and dogs.<br/><br/>Speaking of that scene, it was probably the weakest of the film, since it was devoid of any real tension and completely felt like a video game level - although that's something also the last act heavily evokes with its three "stages" of different enemies. Aside from that, the choreographies were superb. There won't be any better ones this year for sure, even if they never reached the style of the iconic club scene in the first film.<br/><br/>All in all, CHAPTER 3 was kind of on par with the second movie and a satisfying cinematic experience. I hope that they wrap up the story in a final fourth installment though, because the plot was already paper-thin and character development of any sorts nowhere to be found in this film. John wick is a one of the best action movie in the world. The movie is just a heavy dose of action and well balanced story without any flaw. From the beginning till the end, I never gazed out of the screen. It will attach you completely to the martial arts in a professional and a funny matter combined. Everything has changed alot compared to the previous one, don't wait, JUST SEE IT!
IT'S LIKE NO OTHER. First things first: the fight scenes in this movie are the best i've ever seen. They are well choreagraphed en perfectly made especially in the first act. 10/10 for that.<br/><br/>Now let me explain my overall score. The first half of the movie (+\- 1:20h in) deserves a 9/10. John has some nice moves with very brutal finishes and with interesting aditions to the John Wick Universe. The dogs have cool scenes and are great.<br/><br/>The second part, by which I mean the third act of the movie however (3/10), is wayyy too repetitive. The killing just doesn't stop?! No further development of the plot and never ending fights that get boring. U start shaking your head by the things John survive. I get that he's the hero but falling of a 7 story building, hitting 2-3 iron bars and falling flat on the street ... It sets up a 4th installement but hopefully they develop a better plot for this one.<br/><br/>Taking the mean of my 3/10 and 9/10 gives a 6.5/10 but I feel this movie only deserves a 6. -The Action? Amazing.
-The Story? Phenomenal. Though, there was a point where I thought to myself "yawn, they just keep adding more and more and it kind of takes away from the original series I loved"
-The Visuals? Stunning.
-Character Arcs? As good as ever.
-The Realism? Just a tiny bit lacking from the first two films. Though the fighting was fluid and definitely believable as it was pulled off by a relative master that's been through the training, there were a few moments where it was clear they sacrificed a bit of realism for spectacle. In John Wick 1 and 2, you could believe that someone could pull off everything that John did if they were a good enough master. But in JW3, there's a few instances(very minor) where the enemies definitely should have killed John if they had even half the competence of some of the lower grunts from earlier movies. And John takes a heavier beating in this film (though is that a surprise when the world is after him with a 14m bounty?) yet somehow recovers enough to win when the same enemies he was facing were just putting him through the ringer.<br/><br/>Overall, a solid follow up. Ig you're looking for action, this is the best one.
Great scenes, excelente Krav Maga elementa, music is also very good.
For every recommendation.
Obviously, there would be next chapter what is good, because you dont want this to stop. I can't think of anything more to ask for in an action movie. If you liked the first two you don't want to miss this one. Two thumbs up!! John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum: Wick (Keanu Reeves) is on the run, accompanied only by a faithful dog as he wends his way through the mean streets of New York. He is about to be declared Excommunicado for killing a member of the High Table, the gangster elite who rule over crime and assassins. Worried more about his dog, he sends it in a taxi to a refuge. John's old friends Winston (Ian McShane) and King of the Bowery (Laurence Fishburne) are also in trouble for assisting him, visited by an Adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) they are given notice to quit. Wick's old trainer The Director (Anjelica Huston) is handed a more severe immediate sanction. A new cat-loving assassin, Zero (Mark Dacascos) is sent after Wick. John's old friend Sofia (Halle Berry) aids him and you don't mess with her dogs.<br/><br/>Violence, killings, stranglings, shootings, stabbings, dogs going for the groin. A disturbing film, leavened by humour, even someone with six knives stuck in them may seem funny. But the laughter sticks in your throat when Wick slowly forces a knife blade into an opponent's eye - and that is one of the less unpleasant scenes. The suspension of disbelief kicks in perfectly as hordes of henchmen are dispatched by Wick and his associates. The dogs jump like ballet dancers as they they tackle the assassins' tackle. Narrow streets, tunnels and passages provide the perfect battlegrounds for skilfully choreographed fights. With real ballet dancers performing in The Director's Academy, which doubles as an Assassins School. The standout fight scene occurs in a veritable house of mirrors consisting of glass cases. Chad Stahelski directs a witty if disturbing action masterpiece. 9/10. I love Keanu always have and he's done such excellent training for these films and it shows throughout the film. Halle Berry was a great add to the franchise because she's never done anything like this before and it was amazing. This was one of the extraordinary martial arts movies I have ever seen, Keanu Reeves has proven that he can take so much punishment and give back just as much (No wonder they call him the Bogeyman). Amazing acting from him, Ian McShane, and Lawrence Fishburne, etc, etc... I highly suggest seeing it (but watch the first two so you won't be lost) I didn't, and got lost petty quick! It revolves around Kenu Reeves trying to return a large piece of costume jewellery to Angelica Houston's ballet school, then going to Halle Berry's dog training academy, then off to appear in a Davidoff ad in the Sahara, where Lawrence of Arabia gave him some Fry's Turkish Delight, and ending with a fight with Yule Brenner and Lovejoy in an Apple Store over the cost of the new iPhone. Soundtrack to Vivaldi's Four Seasons. So at times it was like a really violent DeBeers diamond ad. Utter Guff. I am a great fan of JW and they have, true to their genre, made excellent action sequences but there ends the movie.
The plot is straightforward. JW is excommunicated. People who helped him is punished by the High Table. Continental is deconsecrated after Winston fails to step down and they fight back. Finally High Table and Continental reach a parley.
Some people are pissed at the High Table for all this. Next film's mostly going to be about overthrowing the High Table.
Dialogue was so so cringy. Halle Berry, Keanu, GoT guy all got poor dialogues. I was laughing for most part, both the dialogue and its delivery was so cringy and funny. It felt like a video game snippet where characters talk but the dialogue is stiff.
Walk in the desert with water 1/4th of bottle. Be in the verge of thirst and death and they will find you?? What nonsense! Felt like some fable told in ancient times.
The action sequences were good but some felt drawn out and could have been cut down. But hey I'm not complaining, some sequences at start were really good. Kudos to Keanu for doing the work and also to the director for keeping the camera on the action than cutting it up.
And the ending. I don't care if JW is invincible in a fight, but if you fall from that height, no matter the sheets he bounce off, you are seriously seriously injured.<br/><br/>I think maybe I am stupid to go to too much details, but the original movie had also a good plot along with the actions. The whole atmosphere was fresh.
Now it's becoming just action and stupid dialogues.
Are you pissed? Yeah, yeah Compared to the first 2, this installation left me not wanting to re-watch this or possible next installations again. The symphonic fight choreography that left me in awe in the first ones were replaced by constant ball kicking and... biting balls)
The skills of very talented martial artists in the film were not utilized fully. Damn, I was such a fan( John Wick is excommunicado. Prepare for 2 hours of epicness I wish they had taken it back to the basics. That is all. John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum<br/><br/>🍅100%🍅 100% 5.0/5.0 10/10 IMDb
Great cast, best action I seen so far, dogs get their revenge from being kill by bad people. So many memories that will stay in my mind of favorite kills with objects and items. Both big cast were highly successful, to earn my medal of improvement that they deserve it. I love this film and other two John wick chapters. The story plot makes sense to understand that John is in war with people want his life as he have go through the impossible task again to reach his dream (it sum what of spoiler, but it really isn't) For being a fan of the other John Wick movies i came into this movie expect great things. Unfortunately this is not what i received. The movie felt like a video game as if i were to merge GTA with Mortal Combat, in some cases this was very exciting and kept me on the edge of my seat. On the other hand it was disappointing with prolonged, cheesy fight scenes to very unlikeable final foe. For these reason i would consider this movie slightly below average.<br/><br/>Final score: 4/10 Undoubtedly a big money franchise there is also something compelling about John Wick. He's the most un-defeattable underdog I've ever seen. Sorry Luke Skywalker. We don't really know what his power source is unlike you. So in the third installment we pick up with Wick being marked for deletion with a huge bounty by that mondo organization whose thing is robot-like loyalty.<br/><br/>It doesn't take long for the action to begin as it should since this isn't "On Golden Pond". And when it begins it just keeps coming. This is playing a bit to lowest common denominator because its the scenes in between where this film really is interesting. The characters of Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Lawrence Fishburne, Lance Reddick, and Angelica Huston make the story rise above the fights which honestly are so plentiful and well staged they kind of get lost after a while. Then there's two special characters that doll out the ominous decisions from which everything kind of springs forth. They are "the adjudicator" and "the elder". The elder, though interesting is milk toast compared to the imposing adjudicator played by Asia Dillon. You kind of hang on and hope for the up-commence of her character as she imposes the rules and regulations of fealty with evil impunity. This is a good performance.<br/><br/>I'm tiring of the fights although I must say it hasn't been done better and the motorcycle scenes are truly over-the -top. It's all a big video game like to a kind of generic middle-ground Sci-Fi/drama thing. Still impressive. But past all of the action it's the character who make John Wick still a thing. In spite of the technical prowess I'm pretty much just in for the characters and the fact Wick seems to be unable to die. We are hit squarely with an ending that promises another installment. I do recommend this but I want more of the character and story in the next one please - because I know I'll get the action as that is a given. I'll never understand the allure of extended chase scenes and extended shootouts.<br/><br/>I assume the popularity of video gaming has something to do with it, as well as with the half-baked, pedantic story lines that seem to be popular as of late.<br/><br/>If you want to turn your brain off for 90 minutes, I suppose this dreck is as good a device as any to accomplish that. John Wick: Chapter 3- Parabellum (5 out of 5 stars).<br/><br/>John Wick 3 delivers another high octane neo-noir action thriller that keeps the action exciting with bone breaking fight sequences, intense shoot outs, and an awesome stylize direction. John Wick is one of those movies that are getting better through the sequels. First one was good for a decent shoot them up action. The second tops the first with more insane action. The third does it again with more insane and exciting action. And it does leave room for more which can be the next franchise like how James Bond movies are or Mission Impossible movies. Keanu Reeves does what he does best. His performance as the ex hitman is great. And when it comes to the action. It is non stop fueled with adrenaline with a sharp direction. Director Chad Stahelski does it well with handling the action sequences. Keeping it fast, fresh, and exciting.<br/><br/>The plot follows John (Keanu Reeves) being excommunicado by the high table. Putting a 14 million bounty on his head from every assassin out there. John tries to go where it has all started by seeing Sofia (Halle Berry) which she gives info to where he can find a member of the high table in Casablanca.<br/><br/>The plot opens ups and expands a little further into the world of assassins, the continental, and the high table. Which gives John a reason to meet new characters like Halle Berry, the adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon), the Elder (Said Taghmaoui), the Director (Anjelica Huston), and an assassin that is on the hunt for Wick named Zero (Mark Dacascos). With a few screenwriters and Derek Kolstad expanding the world further with the high table. It does open up for more movies which would be really cool to see were the direction goes next.<br/><br/>The film opens up with an adrenaline rush of Wick running to find a way out with every assassin being on his trail. The opening intense fight sequence in a library does give it a brutal start. And it gets intense even further into the movie. John Wick is an unstoppable force. He can use his environment as a weapon with every object from a book in a library, having a knife fight in a bladed armory, or even escaping on horseback. One fun addition is Sofia played by Halle Berry. She has two dogs as her sidekick that follows her commands and attack on her orders. Which was one fun intense shoot out sequence.<br/><br/>Overall, John Wick: Chapter 3- Parabellum is a great action packed thrill ride from beginning to end. If you love action, this is the film for you. With Chad Stahelski stylized and exciting direction. Keanu Reeve's delivers. The plot expands a little further into John Wick's background and were he came from. And further into the world of assassins and the high table. The film delivers as one of the best action movies ever. In this movie, you'd want story amidst seemingly endless scenes of violence. gets tiring and boring the more action you see. I love the action, they make an action that very entertaining,many action they visualized with nice. But the plot is very weak,and many scene that wasted to nothing. Sory for my bad english. I'm not sure if this is a real movie with a real plot because this looks like a violent PlayStation game and nothing more. No storyline no nothing just 2 hours of a guy who is invincible killing and beating everybody up. I don't even know how can anybody enjoy this genre of movies... I like Keanu Reeves. but I am surprised they are planning John Wick 4-
where to go from here. Isn't this enough.<br/><br/>it's all "action" kill kill kill.
I didn't remember the "high table" and medallions, and an organized group of assassins from JW2- But here we are with a highly structured secret organization, with rules, loyalties. Blood oaths. Savagery. And an enforcer; super short haired young woman from "Billions" showtime. Some equisite young ballerinas, opposition to the ugly violence.
and even tho John tries to make amends in the worse way, they are still after him.<br/><br/>there really is no narrative. It seems someone killed John's dog and he killed him without getting permission, and in a non approved hotel, I'd want to kill someone who killed my dog.
and now he is on the outs with a $15 million price on his head.
someone gets their throat cut in the middle of busy Penn Station and no one notices. shooting a bodies piling up, where are the NYPD police. This whole mystery barbaric cabal secret organiztion, with no country affiliation, is really silly. Ditto the other reviews here noting the endless (!) repetitive and inept fight scenes, meaningless story etc. The only positive aspects are some good city views and the production values in general. The rest is insultingly bad.<br/><br/>If this film stopped at half of its ludicrous action and overblown settings, it might be seen as a parody. But at this length you can only conclude that there was no taste, judgement, or vision involved - just mindless formula carried to extremes.<br/><br/>Reeves better have medical coverage for repetitive stress injuries. And, until they offer that for viewers too, don't take the risk. Well, the title says it all, the first two movies were really nice with some spirit, a story.
This story was written in half an hour and the rest was done by the fighting crew. Sorry, and the fights didn't really add up enough to make it special.
A little bit more story and acting and less fighting would have done a lot.
There were some interesting scenes with the dogs, nicely trained guys, but action in the stables with horses around seemed like calling for animal protection activist.
I can't look behind the scenes to know how they got the horses to react like that, but I didn't like it.
All in all, it was ok to watch, but it wasn't anywhere close to the first two parts.
Do a little more next time. You might have a 7.8 average here at the moment, but I don't know where that comes from. Are we that far that all what is needed for a good rating, is a lot of bang bang? I like action and fighting in movies, but even Kwai Chang Kane's fighting was more interesting. Learn from that. I felt John wick 3 is the best one from the series than the others. Can't wait for the next one. John wick universe is a revolution in the style of action movies. Both the acting level and action level of the actros are very good and appreciateble. Positives:
<ul><li>Directing and cinematography</li><li>Keanu Reeves</li><li>Main cast</li><li>Action scenes</li><li>Music</li></ul><br/><br/>Negatives:
<ul><li>Final fight is a bit overlong</li><li>Some of the pacing</li></ul> A Must See! The best of the three! Non-stop action with good story line! These movies actually keep the same edge one after another!<br/><br/>There are so few movie series I will actually say that about. I love all 3 of these and tbh idk why I haven't left reviews on the other 2 yet. I will have to do that soon. All I can say is, I am most definitely looking forward to the next one if there is one and I truly hope there is! I don't even think I really even need to go into detail here, if you love a good action movie with all the right moves that can still tell a good story then you can't go wrong with these. The acting, directing, and filming are all on point. Even topping out at a little over 2hrs these movies have all managed to keep my A.D.H.D. rear end glued to the edge of my seat from start to finish. Even for those that are not particularly big on action movies should see these at least once. The story line is solid, the emotions are real, and the twists and turns of loyalties and betrayals are enough to keep anyone wanting to see more. I'm old enough to remember when it was cool and knowing to slag off Keanu. 'He's going to play someone with no brain you say (Johnny Mnemonic)? How appropriate?". How we laughed! I hope I'm also old enough to know better now. Of course, Keanu has been in his share of bad films and has been bad in a few films too. A glance through his back catalogue will also show how many damn good movies he's been in. As I heard one critic put it recently, his strength doesn't lie with his voice so much as it does with his body. And your body is a big part of the actor's trade.<br/><br/>We come now to the third John Wick movie, a franchise that has put Keanu centre stage in the film-goers' consciousness once more. I think the world is a better place for that. This is a series of films in which Keanu channels grief and its attendant stages - anger, denial, bargaining - through the tightly wound coil of his body, inflicting pain on anyone who crosses his path. By the end of this film, the whole set of three has only covered a few weeks of narrative at most. This is a man whose grief and his reaction to it is leading him further and further down the rabbit hole.<br/><br/>It's utterly relentless, breathlessly entertaining. You feel every bone snap and every shattered pane of glass deep in your bones; there's wit laced with the violence too. Death by horse, death by dog, death by book (carefully placed back on the shelf in the right place afterwards, naturally). The world of assassins with a moral code is expanded and doesn't make sense, but somehow that's all part of the fun. Asia Kate Dillon is particularly good as the person who makes seemingly arbitrary decisions as to what's going on on behalf of the ever invisible High Table. There's a staggering sequence on motorbikes that I would have liked to have lasted longer. There's a direct quote from The Matrix, and several other cinematic nods besides. And there's neon. So much neon.<br/><br/>It's balletic, stylised violence by way of John Woo and The Raid films; the sort of thing Tarantino reached for in Kill Bill but never found as conclusively as he seemed to think he had. It's absurd, but deliriously entertaining - if two hours of more or less relentless fighting and killing is what you're after. It's violence so choreographed as to not be exploitative; this is unreal violence as a spectator sport, as performance art. A man - Keanu - and others, bending bodies to their will, in service of a story and characters you come to love almost despite yourself.<br/><br/>It's hard to imagine why you'd see this film if you didn't know what to expect; for me, it was slightly weaker than Chapter 2, which I enjoyed more than the first film. Either way, this is one just to relax and go with. The world is a better place for having Keanu back in big films on the big screen, channelling grief and anger through a body that is cartoonishly unlikely to break. Long way this wick burn. Kicks off immediately where chapter 2 ends, Wick, being chased by every killer in town seeks help from others and looks for a way to have his death sentence commuted.<br/><br/>Dazzling array of bloody fight sequences as good as any in the first 2 films, the dark cool humour throughout saddled with Reeves deadpan delivery results in one long rollercoaster ride with much to enjoy. Great fun. This Film is the best film i have ever seen!
recommendable !! Strange things are afoot at The Continental...<br/><br/>John Wick Chapter 3 This is only one of my Masterpiece i have seen ever. Kicking off immediately after the events of Chapter 2, the titular assassin is on the run; his pursuit for survival, and bloody revenge, not only motivated by the death of his wife and the murder of his puppy, but also the newly opened $14m contract placed on his head. Again operating in a glorious world of hyper-realistic action-a la Bourne, Craig-era Bond and Mission: Impossible-this third instalment delivers more close-quarter combat that is gritty but stylistic, brutal but beautiful, and downright exhilarating. Franchise director Chad Stahelski is not resting on his laurels after taking the world by storm with the first two chapters, upping his game here to include fights on motorbikes, extended one-shot takes involving attack dogs, and Wick battling through downtown New York on a horse. Yep, a horse. A long and esteemed career in stunt choreography has served Stahelski well in the director's chair, his commitment to unbroken shots, a steady camera and preparing his cast to do as much of the fisticuffs as possible allows him to deliver hard-hitting thrills rarely seen in big-budget action blockbusters. Of course a lot of credit also goes to Keanu Reeves, the 55-year-old willing to go the extra mile to ensure he's as convincing as possible as an unstoppable death-dealing badass who's as lethal with a gun as he is with a knife or his bare hands. Only Tom Cruise rivals Reeves' fitness, ferocity and dedication to putting on an action extravaganza. The balletic gunplay aside, this sequel also builds on the fantastical assassin-universe of the series. With its safe-haven hotels, opera-loving people smugglers, desert-residing gangsters and strictly followed criminal rules, this is pure, highfalutin melodrama that is somehow tonally perfect for these movies. Inventive, adrenaline-pumping and two-barrels full of fun, Parabellum continues this franchise's impressive run. Intense action scenes and some great visuals that's about it. I thoroughly enjoyed the original John Wick but sad to say the sequels have gotten progressively worse.The latest installment dissapointed and offered very little other than the well choreographed fight scenes. The directors seem to have run out of ideas and it almost felt like a monotonous and far fetched sci-fi flick filled with "The Matrix "undertones. Time to wrap the John Wick franchise up and avoid further disappointment. If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)<br/><br/>I don't have a written review for each of the previous films, but I did watch both and thoroughly enjoyed them! John Wick (2014) is one of the best movies of that year and one of the best action films ever. However, John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017) is a bit more convoluted and messy regarding its story and how it brings our protagonist back into the game, but the franchise's outstandingly choreographed fight sequences still make it tremendously entertaining.<br/><br/>And it's precisely the mind-blowing, bone-crushing, jaw-dropping, extraordinarily long and brutally choreographed action scenes that make John Wick one of the most badass characters in the history of cinema! The Academy has been looking for something new to make the Oscars more popular, and the creation of new categories has been their number one idea. Well, nothing fits the show better than Best Stunt Work. Obviously, franchises like this one or Mission: Impossible would become major successes at this award show. These two sagas are undeniably the most important and crucial for the survival of truly real action. What you see, it's what you get.<br/><br/>Nowadays, viewers already have their eyes set to acknowledge everything as CGI or some sort of visual effect. I'll never forget when I left my Mission: Impossible - Fallout screening and while getting out of the theater, a group of friends was laughing around saying something along the lines of "of course that scene is fake and this moment is CGI, how can you believe that?! You're such a moron!" They were roasting one of their friends, thinking he was the dumb one when he was probably the one who was laughing the hardest. This definitely leaves me sad. Sad that people won't realize how incredible movies like these are. How they genuinely work like crazy to provide the audience with real and authentic stunts.<br/><br/>Yes, it's over-the-top. Yes, CGI and visual effects are still applied, but just to little details like bullets, blood, falls or knife throwing, which never distract you. And yes, it requires the audience to suspend their knowledge of physics in a few particular moments. But that's the thing: if you're pumped to watch a third film of a franchise, you're a fan. You know what it's about and what's its tone. John Wick established itself in 2014 as a pure revenge story and an unbelievably realistic action movie, the closest we will ever get to an assassin origin tale. John Wick: Chapter Two deeply explored the institution that governs these assassins and all of the rules that they are bound by. It's a bit messier than the first one, but it's still a blast of entertainment.<br/><br/>Parabellum has the best of both installments. It has the best-choreographed action ever seen on a big screen and some of the most impressive camera work I've ever witnessed. In addition to this, the narrative makes more sense, and the characters decisions are logically or emotionally justifiable, contrary to the second film. The sound design is powerful, and the cinematography plus the set design look stunning. I would still argue that the pacing could have been better controlled. The transitions between long action sequences and the respective pauses to move the plot forward aren't always smooth. Some comedy bits that I don't think they really belong in this saga were added, and while some work just fine, others really don't fit this world.<br/><br/>Besides that, I don't really have much to complain about. The cast is absolutely impeccable. Keanu Reeves is battling with Tom Cruise for the biggest action movie star alive. While Cruise puts his life more in risk by performing especially dangerous stunts, Keanu has the resiliency and agility of a beast, providing us with high-speed and hard-to-do fight sequences. Halle Berry (Sofia) is one hell of a surprise! I had no idea she was (still) capable of moving as she does in this film. The stunts that she performs are crazily good! Laurence Fishburne (Bowery King), Ian McShane (Winston) and Lance Reddick (Charon) also have their own shining moments, but Sofia's dogs are deadly cute, and they steal the show.<br/><br/>Regarding the action stunts, they're all pretty memorable. From a throwback to Chapter Two's mirror room to an astonishingly riveting chasing scene through the streets of New York, everything Chad Stahelski and his talented crew throw at the audience is absolutely perfect. I also love how the final act resembles the experience of playing a videogame. You know when you have several levels, each of them with their respective boss, but the final boss is at the top of them all? It's kind of like Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time when Link has to eliminate an enemy in each floor in order to move up to the next one until he reaches Ganondorf. It might be the must nonsensical analogy that I have, but it's what my memory triggered. In the end, there are tons of set pieces for everyone to enjoy.<br/><br/>All in all, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is everything fans of this franchise desired: brutal, bloody, long, loud and beautifully-choreographed fight sequences, accompanied by a decent story that explored even more the assassins' world. Chad Stahelski is a master filmmaker, who knows how an action movie should be filmed. There are no sloppy editing or quick cuts here. Only extensive one-take scenes, filled with outstanding stunt work from a phenomenal cast. Keanu Reeves is one of the most incredible action film stars ever and Halle Berry surprises with her physical abilities. With better control of its pacing and tone (and a bit less defiance of physics), this could have easily been the best action movie of the century. "One of the best" it's still one hell of a tagline. He finally lives up to that name in this one. This is perhaps the most brutally violent movie I've ever watched. I have never had to look away in anything even game of thrones but some of these deaths made me cringe.<br/><br/>John Wick Parabellum is a thrill ride of the most beautifully and meticulously chereographed fight sequences I've ever seen put to the screen. It has way more set pieces than the pervious two movies and puts Wick on the defensive for 90% of its runtime. Keanu deserves a ton of praise for the success of the movie as his physical dedication to the character is turned up to 11 for this movie.<br/><br/>Halle Berry gets to show off all her training even if she plays a smaller role than I would have thought. The cinmetography is surprisingly great. Overall this movie is 9/10 and my rating scale does not cross genres, so as an action movie this is a close to perfect as you can get. My only complaint is the ending but I won't spoil it here. So if you like the first two you will love this, so sit back for 2 hours of beautiful mayhem. Greetings again from the darkness. Worlds are colliding! No, no ... not in the way of "The Avengers" movies, but it's kind of hard not to smile when Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne share a scene (or two) in a mini-reunion of THE MATRIX. Mr. Reeves and director Chad Stahelski are back for a third time, and somehow they manage to raise the bar yet again on the fight sequences. And let's face it, the fighting and action are why so many are drawn to this franchise. This latest entry runs 2 hours and 10 minutes, and almost every bit is a frantic chase scene or violent fight ... or both.<br/><br/>The film picks up mere moments after JOHN WICK: CHAPTER 2 ended. If you recall, John had killed a member of the High Table inside the Continental Hotel, an unforgivable break in the treasured rules. Winston (Ian McShane), the manager of the hotel, has given his friend a one hour head start prior to issuing the "excommunicado". It's that order (and the $14 million bounty) that sends every assassin on the planet on Wick's trail.<br/><br/>No need to wait for the good stuff ... the film's first two fight sequences are extraordinary feats of stunt coordination, and consume the first 15-20 minutes. Here is what John Wick (and we viewers) are in for: Guns (many kinds), lots of knives, a hatchet, swords, a book, enough broken glass to fill a recycle center, horses, motorcycles, cars, every martial art known to man, highly trained dogs, a public library, a museum/collectibles display, a stable, and a ballet theatre complete with dancers. There is even a current NBA player, 7'3" Boban Marjonovic, who battles John Wick and ultimately learns books can be used for something other than reading.<br/><br/>John Wick's background is revealed, and his general level of tiredness reaches exhaustion, which actually adds an element to a character who is quite efficient with his conversation. There are a few people who are called on to help Wick, in particular we have Laurence Fishburne as the Bowery King, Anjelica Huston as the Ballet Director, and Halle Berry as Sophia, a former assassin who now runs the Continental Hotel in Morocco. See, even an underworld crime syndicate promotes from within. The segment with Sophia is one of the most fun, and it's not because of Ms. Berry. Rather her beautiful and highly-trained dogs are scene stealers who are devastating in their commitment to carry out orders.<br/><br/>Other characters of interest include Asia Kate Dillon ("Billions") as the Adjudicator, one who enjoys doling out punishment; Mark Dacascos (Wo Fat in "Hawaii 5-0) as Zero, the ultimate Wick fanboy who wants nothing more than to be the one who kills him; Jerome Flynn ("Game of Thrones") as Berrada, the senior official who doesn't negotiate fairly; Said Taghmaoui as The Elder from the High Table, who listens to Wick's proposal. Other supporting roles are filled admirably by Robin Lord Taylor, Jason Mantzoukas and Susan Blommaert. Of course, some of the most fun occurs again at The Continental Hotel as Reeves' Wick interacts with Lance Reddick and Ian McShane.<br/><br/>From the department of "Give 'em what they want", the film has a very similar look, feel and tone to the first two, but director Stahelski (a standout stunt coordinator) and writers Derek Kolstad, Shay Hatten, Chris Collins, and Mark Abrams keep it fresh with new characters, new props and some terrific set design. The early model computers are contrasted with the high tech gadgetry of the Continental, and with a body count likely higher than the first two films combined, this entry can best be described as brutally entertaining ... is that even a thing? The violence is vivid and excessive and non-stop, and if that's not your style, you should at least know that the title is taken from the Latin "Si vis pacem, para bellum" - If you want peace, prepare for war. Bigger body count than the Night King and Daenerys could manage in the entire series of GOT!
And you can actually see the action up close and personal. More gore than ever before and so much laughter at the crazed uber violence.
Extreme violent fun. Keanu delivers his 5 lines with his usual wooden talent, leaving his fists, elbows, knees, feet, and every known pointy, shooty device available, to do his talking.
Fans will love it! As someone who didn't like the first John Wick and missed the second. Maybe my opinion is invalid here. But this third entry again sees Keanu Reeves sleep walking his way through a movie.<br/><br/>I can't deny that there was at least some decent action amongst the ridiculously high body count. A majority of the film though was the same repetitive fighting 1 bad guy at a time with guns I remember boring me In the first movie. Only more so.<br/><br/>The Biggest problem though is that there is NO STORY. Add to that some really dumb stuff (The CGI effect used to make Keanu and others "disapear" into the crowd like Batman is the dumbest) some crinchy dialogue and a eye rolling sequel promising ending, and i really can't recommend this. When you see Keanu you expect to see a great movie and it was all the way up to the end!! What Ian MacShane's character does in the end??!!! No, unacceptable!! Total cowardice in my eyes. Will never watch another John Wick again!! Really??? what the hell just happened here??
i mean...you got the great Keanu Reeves, and playing John Wick and still went downhill???
The first movie was awesome, great action, cool dialogs, great story
The second got a little lower but still enjoyable, now this...
This movie is just boring, too much repetitive action scenes,Just headshots all the time as if you are watching someone playing CS for 10 hours straight, no story, no emotion. no nothing, and worst of all...way overrated and overhyped, do yourself a favorite...pretend it ended on the second one. Terrible. Glorifying gratuitous violence. What is it with elderly action stars !? Are the bad guys out of work storm troopers !? Villains can't hit anything even with fully automatic weapons. Almost as bad as the Fast & Furious franchise. Stay dum America And several scenes you can see the stuntman waiting for his attacker to hit him, unrealistic fighting. Boring. The fight scenes really suffered in this movie, not sure if they changed crew or they just ran out of ideas but every fight seemed to involve a roll and a double-tap to finish them off (seriously if someone could count how many times someone does a roll in this movie).<br/><br/>Plot was boring.<br/><br/>It was weird seeing a man in a suit walk through the desert.<br/><br/>Most fight scenes lasted way too long without progressing the story.<br/><br/>Villain didn't really makes sense, she was a higher-up, but then John goes to the Elder? the most highest? and is given a pass? I don't know, the lore needs explaining more, there's a scene in Grand Central Station where some bad guys are killed right in front of civilians and no one bats and eyelid, is this something in the lore i missed?<br/><br/>Absolutely no idea what Jerome Flynn's accent was meant to be! vaguely Eastern European??<br/><br/>Sequel bait at the end was cringeworthy.<br/><br/>The dogs were cool though! The experience of watching this film was like watching someone else play a video game for two hours. It was a pretty cool game, but it felt like boss fight after boss fight. This is hard for me to write, as I am a huge Keanu Reeves fan. I love him and I think he's an amazing human being. BUT, this movie has noooo story. The first John Wick will always be the best John Wick. Amen and hallelujah! This one, much like the second one is just fight choreography with a few words thrown in here and there. With that being said, I will also say I've seen Keanu train for all that fighting and he really is that badass. I'm just glad the dog/dogs are all ok! One scene almost made me turn it off but my husband assured me all was fine and I kept watching. As unbelievable as it was, the big fight scene with the dogs was probably my favorite scene. Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed all the action, but that's all the movie was. Probably wouldn't see this one again. Sorry Keanu! So watched this with my wife at home and i was getting a pokerface at how he and his friends survive and don't even get shot once by 1000s of bullets shot at them. They are obviously cheating and enemies are brainless zombies walking in close combat range with a gun, shooting at the wall behind the main characters as if they are paid 14mil to miss! Ridiculous dragged-out combat scenes made me want to skip them. This movie rating should be below 7 as it reminds me of old Matrix 2 and 3 parts where they went over the top and it was simply stupid. He gets hit with feet and elbows and knocked down a 100 times by 2 people for 5 minutes straight, still continues to fight as normal after. Joke, Fail. Avoid. This movie starts out promising. With great fight scenes. Everything is CGI though. So much CGI and so much action upon action that my brain gets numb and I get BORED.<br/><br/>This is the 3rd and hopefully last sequel, because half way through watching this movie (over 2 hours!) I am desperately longing for some scenes that are NOT only another prelude to another and another fighting scene.<br/><br/>Best suited for teenagers with speed on their brains. Any adult will likely get numbed and bored by this way way way too long and boring action rampage.<br/><br/>The story? Ha ha ha...your kidding right?<br/><br/>Any good? Yes, the action choreography is good. The actors are good. It is fast and furious. It has shocking violence IF that's your thing. It's relentless.<br/><br/>The bad? Of all the three John Wick editions this one has the least amount of character interaction. It basically only has got fights. I get BORED with all these continuous fights upon fights. I started fast forwarding during the fight scenes. That's never a good sign... The only reason I gave it 6 is because I'm a KR fan. Overkill...overkill...overkill. No real story line, just a bunch of martial arts, overshooting, overkill. This entire movie was just a bunch of chasing scenes... No twists, to story...! The first was great, second one was pretty good, but this one really sucks... Maybe this was just a preparation for the fourth one but still!!! This movie made 300 million dollars. Just a bit of John Wick's background would be something The third chapter in the series is a bold and gutsy affair, but lacks substance. The cinematography is slick and the visual effects vivid and punchy (no pun intended), but beneath this the film's plot is paper-thin. Parabellum leans heavily on the tropes utilised so far in the series, to the point where nearly every scene is a melange of gun and knife fights, with the usual artistically choreographed martial arts battle thrown in. All of this is stunning to watch, but after a while you find yourself becoming visually fatigued by it all. To put it another way, one feels Chad Stahelski has over egged the pudding.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves delivers his usually staid, one dimensional performance while Ian McShane (Winston) & Laurence Fishburne (the Bowery King) shine in their respective roles. It's also nice to see Lance Reddick (Charon) gain a bit more depth while Asia Kate Dillon is execllent in her role as the loathsome Adjudicator.<br/><br/>While this current installment in the franchise is not as edgy, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is nonetheless an entertaining, adrenaline soaked action thriller that perhaps stretches itself too far.<br/><br/>The twist at the end of the film is a nice touch to keep moviegoers intrigued enough to stick with the endless bodycount going forward into Chapter 4. I am not a huge fan of John Wick movies. This one was the same. The fight scenes are pretty cool though, but still not the best. It's very gothic which is cool. And Keanu is cool most times.<br/><br/>I would skip it<br/><br/>5 stars John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is technically the best of the John Wick films but it is also the worst in terms of story and character development. John Wick's story and motives take a backseat to the world-building and competing motives of the supporting characters. Parabellum is more about the High Table than John Wick's struggle. Overall, Parabellum is a stepdown from both its predecessors, thus making it the weakest of the trilogy so far.<br/><br/>Parabellum has many strengths that overcome its weak writing mainly Ian McShane as Winston, Mark Dacascos as Zero, and the requisite all-out action scenes. Halle Berry as Sofia and Lance Reddick as Charon contribute as well. The subplot revolving the internal struggle of the High Table made for some really good character moments mostly through Ian McShane and Laurence Fishburne. The finale's twist is the film's biggest shock.<br/><br/>Chapter 2 gave a bigger scope to the John Wick world; Parabellum extends it further. Chapters 1 and 2 are hard to top, yet somehow, director Chas Stahelski has perfected his craft with Parabellum. The museum, Kasbah, and room of mirror fights are gloriously choreographed coupled with fantastic direction. Zero is also the best John Wick villain by far. The action scenes drown the drama though and feel gratuitous. John Wick starts on the run but by the end of the film, after Winston's seeming betrayal, seeming because an ulterior motive to temporarily keep the peace against the High Table is possible, we see him eager to directly confront his enemies.<br/><br/>On a side note, Parabellum seems more like an extension to Chapter 2 than as a separate film itself. The ending firmly establishes John Wick's turnaround from avoiding his previous life to facing them, hopefully in a satisfying and definitive conclusion in the sequel.<br/><br/>6/10 #1 was good.
#2 was pretty bad, couldn't even finish it.
Took a chance on #3 and made another mistake.
Unrealistic action scenes.
Kung Fu movies from the 1970's are more believable. No real plot just fighting through out
SO JUST GETS VERY TEDIOUS SO OLD SAME OLD SORRY BUT VERY VERY POOR FILM The story although is getting a bit predictable but the action scenesmost certainly are not. Introducing another Continental and the manager played by Halle Berry gives a good performance.<br/><br/>But of course the highlight is Keanu Reeves himself who steals every scene in the movie. Ian McShane and Lawrence Fishburne also shine as their respective characters are finally given more relevant scenes that intertwine with the plot.<br/><br/>A solid action flick which continues the tradition of Carnage. This so up Keanu Reeves street. You can tell he trained hard for this same as the other 2 same as the Matrix. He loves Martial Arts and you can see the discipline he's put into this character I was blown away with action and fight scenes. The horse, the motorbike scene you knew it was a matter of time before we seen John Wick on a bike, if you've ever watched Keanu talk about bikes, talk about his own Motorbike company yes he owns his own Motorbike company he is like a big kid his eyes light up and a big grin goes across his face. When someone puts so much into preparing for a role it shows and this was insane. I loved it Halle Berry kicked arse too with the fight scenes her training paid off big. You could put these films on a shelve in the same category as the Bruce Lee films and it won't look out of place it belongs. You know what? I am going to use my time more wisely from now on. No more sequels. Hollywood is an addict I am not!!<br/><br/>By the way I really hate trashy tattooed women. The story line is all over the place with in your face 'Matrix' references all over. Although I do not know for sure I would bet someone who worked on the Resident Evil movies worked on this. Plot line is very thin and although this is primarily an action movie and Keanu Reeves is 50 plus years of age and does well there are a few parts where the fighting choreography seems like it is forced and laughable at times.The part about 3/4 through where he is fighting the two Asian assassins and they decide not to execute Mr. Wick but fight him Bruce Lee style, even they mentioned he's been retired for over 5 years and if you watch closely, you can see it in this part. For pure action though if that is all your looking for, that is there. There is a "Tune in next week ending..." Short on plot, long on highly choreographed though poorly performed fight scenes. The glass room scene is exceptionally bad and obvious. The villainess is a terrible actress. John Wick is as always- solid monosyllabic character. Winston and the dog save the movie. Boring movie, no storyline, just fighting and killing scenes, all the time.
Some fighting scenes were tooooooo long.
The worst chapter of all 3.
The 1.chapter was really good, nothing special, but very interesting, but this one oooh my God! This is becoming more worse than James Bond, it is ridiculous.
10/10? Maybe if I am 15 years old. The way I see it, "John Wick" is a progressive series. What started as a simply good action movie evolved more and more over the years. It seems that the director/ex-stuntman Chad Stahelski finally reached a point where you can feel he knows exactly what he is doing. "Chapter 3" is a visual, dynamic, confident adventure which feels made by a team on full focus. "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is one of the great action flicks.<br/><br/>This movie knows exactly what it wants. It spends nearly no time arguing, blabbering or attempting drama. We join John Wick exactly where we left him in the prequel. On the streets of New York City with his unnamed dog clutching at his life as the clock is ticking down to when his life is officially for sale--for about 14 million dollars, and increasing! Not soon enough Wick (Keanu Reeves) meets his first assassin attempting to collect. He defeats him, of course, but not without taking some damage himself. Yet again, Stahelski continues on abusing his protagonist but the fact that he is not untouchable only makes him more fascinating and powerful.<br/><br/>John Wick is a survivor in this third installment. The fact that he is more and more embedded in the criminal underworld only makes his tacit attitude more precise. Every time he opens his mouth the plot moves forward. But let's not forget why he is here--consequences. His only wish is to live to remember his wife, he never ignited the fire in the first place. Like Tony Montana said: "I never 'messed with' anybody over in my life who didn't have it coming to them". But John Wick is the polar opposite to Montana. He is elegant, respectful of his enemies even when he constantly has to look over his shoulder.<br/><br/>This movie, then, does not bother with insightful meaning. But that's OK because this film is clear on what is about. Even one of Wick's few friends left, Sofia (Halle Berry) who looked like she was going to play a contiguous partner for him, is only episodic--like everyone. John seems to be the only true constant when it comes to friends and foes but with action scenes on Jackie Chan levels of choreography he can handle them both. I loved both John Wick and its sequel.The first movie was perfect.The second was a little weaker in terms of story but compensated with better action and high body count.This movie has even higher body count but that's it.The first half of the movie was good enough to keep me engaged with some good action set pieces and new ideas included in them.The movie derails in the 2nd half with the screenplay getting a little messier,the action getting too boring and overlong and even logic being thrown out of the window at times.Definitely falls short by a huge margin compared to its predecessors. I saw a few of the other review here and I'm genuinely disgusted, folk must have this film confused with Dr zhivago or some deeper meaning chick flick bs, if that's what your looking for than go home, this is not for you. This film is just sheer class, high octane action. Beautifully choreographed action. That's why I saw it anyway and it was extremely good at delivering same. The film was solid, good story and in actuality to the genre practical. The actors all were excellent and Reeves was his usual brilliant self could it have used a little kore dialogue maybe but I liked it. Halle Berry never looked so good. Loved her the film and the especially the dogs This is not a movie. This is videogame. I felt like I watched somebody playing videogame. I love the John Wick series, but this one is just not as good. It leans too much on the action. Halle Berry's acting was beyond aweful and after awhile I dare say it all just got boring. They should have stuck to character development and believable violence and intrigue. An amazing movie compared to first and second. The series got better with every part. Looking forward for fourth installment. Pretty much an hour 1/2 of nonstop fight scenes with about 10 minutes of dialogue thrown in. I guess if that's what one likes this is a 10. Otherwise a waste of time. I know, Keanu Reeves is one of Hollywoods nicest guys. Too bad for him cause this movie sucks. He lumbers around like he has a severe inner ear issues.
Thoughtless violent kill porn for little boys. I've watched the first 2 wick films numerous times and loved them, and this time i feel a little cheated in regards to number 3¡, The fight scenes are so slow you can see the actors waiting for keanu to land a kick or punch, who ever they got to choreograph these scenes failed miserably! Hopefully for number 4 they will get the old team together to try and capture some the magic from the first 2. Let´s begin with all the hate toward this movie. IS AN ACTION MOVIE. There´s no need of some deep plot and narrative. If you see the first one, the reason of all the berserk rage was just a ". This series is just based in the premise: You have an assasin, the best in the world, a real Baba Yaga... he was retired but he´s now on business and will destroy everyone and everything".
Under that paradigm, this movie is perfect. A lot of action and kills. Here you will see "too much killing". But under the John´s Universe is understandable.<br/><br/>About the movie. Is well written, great actions scenes and some of the best killing i´ve ever seen. He kill someone with a horse and with a book, that must be a record guiness or something like that.<br/><br/>In the end, the John Wick´s Saga is set in 2 chapters. The first one is the return of John as an assasin under the "Table" orders (John Wick 1 and 2) and the second one of John´s Rebellion (John Wick 3 and 4). So is understandable that this movie has some lack of narrative. Is a building up movie. In the next we will see something similar to the first one.<br/><br/>This movie is awesome and has the same 80s action movie vibe. Is highly recommended and you will have a great time. Yes, this movie & its franchise will be a timeless masterpiece in Action Movie Hall of Fame. No denying that. Everything executed with style, with its own masterful style. Keanu Reeves IS JOHN WICK, John Wick IS KEANU REEVES. I know i know i know,
Its john wick ,cool action sequences, awesome Cinematography,music score and acting is top notch...but the story is getting dull after 3 movies.
Yes its confirmed they are making a 4th one.
But make it stop.<br/><br/>Stop making same mistakes like fast and furious,indiana jones,star wars...
Do you know why they were awesome before but pathetic now? Because they keep making this movies ,they don't know where to stop.<br/><br/>
I was hoping to see john living a peaceful life,or die peacefuly with memories of his wife may be buy a new house,enjoy his life driving that sweet shelby mustang imagining his wife by his side, driving down in the sunset,it could ve made this trilogy worth watching.
People care when you show them there's a sentimental value. In john wick 1 and 2 it was present..
What Happened in 3?
Why keep john wick alive afer all this much?
Even matrix ended afer 3 movies ..look at its ratings, people do and will appreciate it forever.
Keanu did that,he changed the action movie franchise.<br/><br/>
In 2014 john wick changed the action movies,again...
2017: a perfect sequel and the story continues but why not end the 3 part with a perfect conclusion?
Why giving the viewers a notion that this will continue to happen until people start throwing out?<br/><br/>
There is a line in this movie,IF U WANT PEACE, PREPARE FOR WAR.
well, are we gonna get peace,or what ?
Justice league thing happened?
Writer got changed after making 80% of the movie,(before climax)? There is a lot to learn from this movie. Apparently one third of the world's population are assassins... I did not know that. This was a wade of my time and the time I worked for the money I spend:: Sorry, Keanu it's either his timing; or the editing that makes you almost see the guy with the take board vanish at the side of the shot, it does not as all look like a continuous fight, but a "aaaaand action" stop on every change of the camera angle... Keanu got old, and I think I grew old of John Wick... the only time some class was shown, was the matrix quote "what do you need... Guns, lot's of guns ..." sorry, no to part 4 or more I love the 1st Wick movie, thought the 2nd was decent, this one had a few moment but it totally failed to capture the magic of the 1st one. Sure it's still a decent action movie, but it pales in comparison to the groundbreaking original film.<br/><br/>My biggest complaint is the action is not what it once was. You can see the baddies (who are supposed to be trained assassins) hanging back in group fights and waiting for their turn to attack Wick. You can see assassins armed with guns get within arm's reach of Wick without firing a single shot. Maybe this is because Keanu is getting older, but honestly I think the issue is with the production team. Simply put they could have choreographed and shot the action scenes in such a way that it wasn't so blatantly obvious how scripted the fights were.<br/><br/>My other complain is that this movie does not really have an ending. Its more of a "to be continued" type of thing.<br/><br/>Truthfully I will still watch John Wick 4. But I certainty don't expect it to be anywhere near the masterpiece that the 1st movie was.<br/><br/>Recommended to action fans, but discerning viewers watch out, the cracks in the series are starting to show. There were some moments in the movie that were actually funny.
The rest was plainly painful to watch - John Wick shooting people who are running towards him sometimes for 15 + minutes action scenes.....
This is beyond boring. Sorry! In a world where there are more assassins than targets and style rules over matter, what you get is a video game like parody. The movie itself doesn't take itself seriously either, with all sorts of referential jokes (self or otherwise). Keanu Reaves actually does answer "Guns. Lots of guns" to McShane's question "What do you need?", for example. The fighting was nice, but most of the time meaningless. Again, style over anything else. I can barely rate it average. If John Wick 2 was "not enough" of a movie, Wick 3 is "too much". There is a point where too much good choreography starts to become stale. This is a movie of "wouldn't it be cool if X happened?", which is an ideology associated with Snider, and we all know how good his Superman, BvS and Justice League movies are..<br/><br/>Still, it has it's moments, great cinematography and editing to make someone paying attention have fun with the way they do things. Nothing else.
Who is this meant for? The people that got super excited with that horse scene in the trailer? Because it ain't worth it.<br/><br/>There is a lack of decent characters, meaningful dialogue, or a good story. The only way I can explain this movie existing, is if they made it to give a bunch of people that do stunts, a job.. Then! I would be fine with it. Otherwise, it is completely forgettable and dull.<br/><br/>I could not recommend this to anyone, and I feel sorry for anyone that watched it in a theater. When should a film series project smugness?<br/><br/>Third instalment of this insane Keane Reeves rollercoaster and this could be the movie too far. Starting immediately after the second this film introduces more lore or should I say more meaningless bs. The first film was simple, you killed his dog and it does not matter who you are Wick is coming for you. The second got a bit more gloopy with dodgy criminal moral logic but it was entertaining. This 3rd film,takes all of that to a new level whilst leaving the audience to wonder why simplicity got so complicated. It has a knowing smugness, rather like somebody tweaked audience pleasing sections a little too hard so they wear a little thin very quickly. The worst introduction of all is the character of the Adjudicator, so camp a performance it really turned the whole movie into , ahem, a parody of itself. Not as good as i expected but John Wick rocks again... John wick is one of the best action movies. It has its own action style . I liked chapter one and two of the movie . But third one not soo much . At the beginning you can feel the intensity of the movie and excitement while you trying to figure out how john will help him self but after half of the time passed all that is gone and all you can see is killing and fighting scene without any kind of story . I like the plot twist at the end and it was the only one in the entire movie. the character got shot twice and fall down from the roof of the building and still alive . Come on ! Just beacuse he is the main character of the movie doesn't mean you can't make him die . I've followed the John Wick series and loved the first one and was ok with the second one. The 3rd one could have been really good however there didn't appear to be a lot of acting or dialog. Mostly fighting. I believe there we at least one fight scene that lasted 1/2 hour. Not enough dialog. I could have waited for it to come on Netflix. I was certainly disappointed. "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is an interesting flick. Filled with gorgeously choreographed and badass action, John Wick 3 has one of the strongest opening sequences I've seen in any action movie. The opening 25 minutes features some of the most visually stunning, hardcore action scenes I've ever seen. Someone gets a book shoved into their mouth and their jaw broken with it, a man gets stabbed in the eye and the camera does not shy away, and of course, there's a shooting or two packed in there. The tension is high, the suspense is palpable, and the action is incredible. With no shaky camera and no quick cuts, everything is shown clearly in all it's visceral brutality; one part in particular was so brutal that everyone in my theatre collectively groaned. But unfortunately, when you open a movie that ridiculously strong, everything that follows seems to pale in comparison.<br/><br/>There's no way around this so I'll just say it: after while, John Wick 3 gets boring. There are only so many times you can see someone get shot in the head before it starts to get stale, and John Wick 3 gets stale quick with overly drawn out action sequences and a middling second act that by the end feels pointless for ever happening in the first place. Don't get me wrong, the action is better than any action film released this year; you haven't seen action this slick and clean since "John Wick 2." But because of how fantastic the first 25 minutes were, the rest of the action just doesn't seem as fun to watch.<br/><br/>And like I mentioned, the middle of this movie is simply boring. I won't spoil much, but it involves John Wick traveling through the desert. It's not only boring to watch, but the overall effect it has on the story is pretty much pointless by the end, and on top of that, John's goal doesn't seem to make any sense or even matter by the time the movie ends.<br/><br/>That being said, Keanu Reeves (or as he's called in the pick up community, Kino Reeves) is good, as always. Him as John Wick is riveting to watch. He's always a badass and a force to be reckoned with, and that's no exception here, even though he is tired and worn down from the events of the previous films. But this adds a new layer to the action. He's no longer as strong and no longer as efficient. In this film he gets beaten, and beaten badly, and I enjoyed watching this seemingly invincible character being pushed to his limit. Where in the previous movies he's so efficient that he knew he'd be able to kill all his enemies with little to no effort, in this movie he's so tired and broken down that it's obvious he's putting his all into trying not to die. And that was exciting viewing. The world building, too, continues to be enthralling. This world of underground assassins that's been built up since the first movie is so interesting to watch, and I wouldn't be surprised if something like that actually exists in real life. You also get to see a lot more of the Continental hotel, which was a very welcome addition.<br/><br/>"John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is by no stretch of the imagination a bad movie. The action, world building, fight choreography, cinematography, directing, and acting are all very well done. You won't see a better action movie this year, that's for sure. But, and I can't believe I'm saying this, there was just a little too much action, and a too little story. And this formula worked for the first two films, but they really need to switch up their act if they want to keep these movies fresh.<br/><br/>6/10 The best thing about this movie are the dogs! The rest of the movie is so far over the top it's difficult to watch. One of the problems with sequels is that they have to try and outdo the last one and in so doing, the go too far and wind up ruining it. I believe that is what they did with John Wick: Chapter 3. If you liked the first two, you're going to love this one. Keanu Reeves was awesome, but Halle Berry was just as good. I'm up for a spin off with her as the main character. Overly repetitive, ultra violent, and now with crotch biting dogs. Overall the series is good but it's getting a little tiresome with all the special coins, tokens, and rules and regulations. We love blockbusters, the big superhero movies, the mind-bending science fiction adventures. While these films have become very safe picks on where to spend your $10-15 at the theatre, it does feel like the potential for sleeper hits aren't there anymore. John Wick is the exception to this line of thinking, no one saw the huge success these movies would enjoy ahead of time but they put out a quality product, and people showed up. The primary reason for this is the phenomenal action that the franchise displays. Parabellum is no exception, the action scenes aren't just well put together, they're wildly creative. They vary and experiment and most importantly, they work every single time. There were moments in this movie where my jaw dropped (my favourites being the fight in the weapons shop and the battle to get out of the desert compound) and it always felt like as soon as I would get comfortable, the stunt team would pull something new out of their pocket. I can't go on enough about how thrilling and fun those scenes were and just for those parts, this movie is worth catching in the theatre.<br/><br/>This franchise has never been about Shakespearean style drama, John has always had a clear motivation and enough to plot to explain why he needs to be out taking care of his fellow assassins. Parabellum also follows this way to tell the story, John Wick 2 ends with John Wick vs the World and we're given enough backstory to shape this idea and then they go with it. Am I making excuses for this movie? Yes and no. I think a deeper story would detract from the movie but maybe they could do a little more with the next one.<br/><br/>Keeanu Reeves has never been the most "expressive" or "animated" actor, he's more know for being stoic but the commitment he shows for this character and this franchise shine through in Parabellum. He's well cast in this role, John is a fairly quiet guy who is still grieving for his wife and he prefers to let his actions do the talking. Reeves has screen presence and its a credit to Staheleski and his team for knowing how to use it. More screen time is dedicated to Ian McShane and Lance Reddick as Winston and Charon, the more famous members of the staff of the Continental hotel. McShane is always fun to watch and it was cool to see Reddick get a little more to do. Halle Berry is effective in her scenes, she's throwing her all into this and it improves the product, hopefully she's back in the further adventures of John Wick. I thought Asia Kate Dillon was great as the Adjudicator, I had no idea who she was but she handled a very steely role and made it memorable. Mark Dacascos is a change of pace as an antagonist for John and his different take is a welcome change. I also really liked Jason Mantzoukas, Laurence Fishburne and Anjelica Houston in their respective supporting roles.<br/><br/>Parabellum moves at a pretty quick clip when it comes to the action but there were a couple of times in the movie where the pacing begins to slack. The ending fight scene doesn't disappoint but it feels long and like it could have been edited down a little. There is also some buildup for the reveal of a new character and when that scene finally plays out, it was pretty predictable. It wasn't the fault of the actors, it just felt a little anti-climactic and predictable.<br/><br/>The John Wick franchise has quietly become one of the more impressive and consistent series out there. It doesn't just coast, it delivers and ramps things up with each new entry. The action is phenomenal, the choreography is unique, the set pieces are inventive and while they don't feature intricate stories, the acting and the charisma of the performers carries it through. Parabellum grades out at about the same spot as the last John Wick movie as a 9/10. If you love action movies, this is required viewing.Chapter 3 Builds Even More Momentum for the Stellar Franchise John Wick's movies are the best action movies on this decade.
What I like the most about John Wick's universe is that even this is the third chapter, the quality of the movie is even superior than previous ones.
Tremendous action, funny moments mixed with pretty nice fightings during 120 minutes. I'm just waiting for the next chapter. John Wick is immortal, what do you think? I rarely write any reviews. But John Wick is the action franchise Expendables wanted to be . Keanu Reeves ages like old wine in every installment . He is truly the Baba Yaga Ah, JW's back! Splendid!
You remember how awesome The Matrix was, and how disappointing Reloaded and Revolutions seemed in comparison? Well, I had a horrible suspicion the same malais had afflicted John Wick. The first film was awesome, probably the best 'martial arts' action thriller I'd seen in years. The sequel I looked forward to enormously, but in my opinion it failed to live up to the promise of its predecessor. Don't get me wrong, I didn't hate it by any stretch - just a little disappointed. Like having another meal at your newly discovered favourite restaurant, only to discover it's not as good as before.
John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum is an entirely triumphant return to the form displayed in part 1. In fact, it's almost better. I say 'almost', because it did start to get just a tiny bit flabby toward the end, in a perhaps slightly excessive run time; maybe it would have been perfect with just a little fat trimmed off, like John Wick carving up one of the countless goons in his way. Having said that, it also raised the bar in several areas, a feat when measured against the first of its name. The world-building was introduced brilliantly, without bogging down the pace and balletic action sequences through over-lengthy exposition. A real richness and depth was added to the story arc, which neither undermined the previous chapters nor felt out of place in this one. The addition of Halle Berry and her dogs was an inspired idea; here's hoping they make it into the next one!
Speaking of which, there will definitely be a next one, on the strength of Chapter 3, though it'll be tough to raise the bar of excellence higher again. The basic plot may be a little predictable, but who cares when it looks so damn cool. The latest addition of this franchise is more or less the same, but more. Basically its a very fun movie to watch.<br/><br/>Worth watching, great action sequels, and overall satisfying. Can't wait for the next one (hopefully). Well knit with great action sequences. Worth investment. Thoroughly enjoyed this one. Fantastic action movie 🎥 after a long time. And it has its lighter moments. #JohnWick3 has incredibly choreographed fight sequences, humor, and the always awesome #KeanuReeves. If you're a fan, you're in for an epic adrenaline rush. You can read my full #moviereview at Movie Review Mom This movie is action from the word go! Some of the scenes were a little tough to watch even for me, so I definitely wouldn't think of bringing the kids lol. But it's another fine John Wick movie and I do believe it's not the last! He took on New York and Casablanca in this one, the next one maybe the whole freaking world lol! I'll be there to see it too! Loved the appearance of Ser Bron, Lord Of Highgarden and Halle's two dogs were awesome! Can't wait for John Wick 4! This movie is for fans of (not in particular order):
a) unique, stylish action sequences -- PLURAL!
b) actors doing most of their own stunt -- in their 50s! How kick-ass inspiring!
c) dark humour
d) revenge first -- talk later
e) horses and doggies (Canine Karma Unit)
f) bromance and family ties -- respect!
g) wickiverse -- origins of the marker and the first continental coin!
h) Matrix, reunion of cast mates Reeves and Fishburne<br/><br/>I'm happy to hear about Chapter 4 is in the works. I started watching this series of films a few days ago and I simply loved it, the first and the second were very good but this one elevates the level,the action scenes are breathtaking and the history is very continuously without any moment that you become inquiet because it's very "slow"-reccommend it to everyone who likes non-stoping action scenes! I don't find myself often being impressed by action, but Dayummm. It's a 2 hours long hallway scene Daredevil. Marvel was hoping for Black widow to be epically awesome for women power and action. Halle has Marvel crapping themselves on how they are going to top that. Halle set the bar pretty high. Not sure how they top this in Wick 4 but if I could preorder tickets now I would. Hell i would preorder then next 10 chapters. "John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum" Review
(9/10)<br/><br/>I have never been the biggest fan of the John Wick franchise. I gave both the previous movies a 7/10, but Parabellum brings the title character back to his roots while also offering new twists to where things could go from here, all with the over-the-top, brutally executed action set-pieces fans have come to expect from the franchise.
We learn much more of John's backstory here, which reveals some interesting facets to his character, all while also seeing him take one helluva prolonged beating along the way. John Wick is a human piñata at this point and Chapter 3 gets a lot of traction out of seeing him punched, stabbed, kicked, shot, and tossed around. Keanu Reeves once again owns the screen as this most sympathetic of good bad men, providing another emotionally restrained performance even while clearly giving it his all physically. And does he - and this movie - ever deliver in the action department!
Chapter 3 offers a relentless onslaught of action set-pieces, each one as bloody brilliant as the one that came before it. There are a million ways to die in this movie, all of them executed in the most visceral, "did they really just do that?!" fashion that fans have come to expect. Each action set-piece builds upon the ridiculous brutality of the previous one, but there's one particular sequence in Casablanca that some gamers may especially get a kick out of for its elaborate staging and immersiveness.
Chapter 3 is also visually stunning just like Chapter 2. Neatly choreographed violence has always been the best part of this franchise and John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is no different. In fact, it's better. Keanu Reeves dances his way through fights using every object in his vicinity to deal fatal blows. He is equally adept at fighting with a book as he is with a gun. The film is littered with fight scenes and whatever happens in between serves to set up the next one. The sets, cinematography, and lights are as gorgeous as they have been in the other two films.
You came to see the action in the first 2, and now with Parabellum you get even better action and a rich story that dives into John Wick's backstory. Combat-heavy pulp of the highest order, this is the most enjoyably over-the-top entry so far. Acting 10/10
Action 10/10
Story line 10/10
Will i watch it again 10/10 haha
This is a must see movie this year and if i had to pick one movie for the whole year to watch it would be this and i know we are still in the first half of the year !! How many great trilogy's is there? Well John wick may actually be the best we have seen. The first film was a brilliant revenge story, the 2nd added more, the 3rd maybe the best.<br/><br/>John Wick chapter 3 continues straight off we're chapter 2 finished so I recommend watching that just prior before going watching the movie. Let's start with the action, absolutely fantastic, I actually wanted to stand up & clap after every action scene, amazing stuff, the direction as well was top notch again, no shaky cam, no camera switch's every 5 seconds, just long continual shots were you will see all the action, the film looks beautiful as well so props to the cinematography, also props to anyone involved in the movie.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves again fantastic stunt work & is probably 1 the best action hero stars ever. Also Halle Berry, amazing as well,<br/><br/>Great continuation of the story, building on a fantastic universe they have created, I'm so glad movies like this are still being made & dare I say this should be in contention for a few Oscar nominations.<br/><br/>And thank you to everyone involved in the film, i will definitely be going watching it again 👏👏👏👏👏 JOHN WICK 3 wraps a belt around your neck and never lets go, rolling from one impressive set piece to another with style and confidence... It's a world of inventive violence, shimmering rain drenched neon and ultra-stylized, jaw-dropping brutality. This is everything you'll ever want from the 3rd instalment and cements the franchise as one of the best in its genre. What an action, variety and with same speed.. with all humour and nail biting moments. Best sequel. Awesome setup of platform for the next film.<br/><br/>Baba Yaga...! John Wick is like Taken - you know the actors, you know the play and yet to want more of it.
Keanu Reeves, Ian McShane, Lance Reddick, Laurence Fishburne are the faces we know and the face that fit in their roles perfectly! On top of that we have Halle Berry who brings the perfect spicy taste that a movie of this kind needs.<br/><br/>The action scenes were perfectly arranged and performed, the dialogues and the bitter humor were also in the right place in the right time, and finally the action scenes with the 2 shepherd dogs were simply incredible as a performance and as fun!<br/><br/>If you enjoyed the first two chapters, you'll like this one a lot and I really really hope there will be chapter four next year, cause this action movie is one of the very few in the past few years that does not leave the bitter taste of poorly spent time&money. Went and saw this last night with my good friend. We both loved the first two and have been looking forward to "Chapter 3". First off Wow!!!! This one is so much more brutal then the other two! The action is super intense in alot of the scenes and very rearly let's up. The story I thought was great, Acting was awesome also Just don't search for logic because he is John wick 😘 In the second movie there was a more editing more fiction with detail and also action. In the 3rd movie little bit lower editing but more action and Halle Berry very good actor but in some action she tried to act herself with out any stuntman but this bring as a consequences (consequences :)) ) her scenes mix with the. amatorism and professionalism and it is getting attraction This movie should have 10 but i give it 9 because of 2 scene. 1 is the fight scene with Indonesian actor, its just not satisfying at all, the Indonesian actor is not playing it good enough. 2nd is the fall at the ending of the movie. I can understand if Wick survived gunshoot, knife slash and all that bone wrencing fight, but falling from aproximately 7th floor, hitting 2 iron bars before finally hit the ground and not dead, its just too much for me. You can make the scene as simple as He take the gun shoot and not dead, that will be far more acceptable. While the first two John Wick movies had great action, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum has action that is incredible satisfying to the max. I came out of the theater today mind blown at what I saw. I had a feeling that it would improve and I was correct.<br/><br/>This film is where John Wick is now the target of the world's most ruthless killers after he guns down a member of the High Table, which is an international assassin's guild. He is now fighting is way through the streets of New York as well as being stuck with a $14 million bounty.<br/><br/>This movie had a pretty good plot. I liked it a bit more than the second film's plot, but will never top the first film's because of it's huge revenge vibe.<br/><br/>The acting was great. Keanu was at his best in this film, and I would say he was better in this film than he was in the first two. He had a lot of energy and personality in the last two movies, but here, he goes above and beyond and is a total bad ass.<br/><br/>The other actors did great as well. Halle Berry did great as Wick's sidekick, Sofia. Her and Reeves had pretty decent chemistry.<br/><br/>Like I said, the action was intense and spectacular. At times, the movie has a Kill Bill vibe to it because of the swords the characters get to use to battle each other.<br/><br/>SPOILERS BELOW THIS POINT!!!
The one thing that shocked me the most was the ending. The ending is basically a cliffhanger. John Wick gets betrayed by Winston (played by Ian McShane) and gets brutally killed. He then wakes up with Bowery King (played by Laurence Fishburne) who got betrayed earlier in the movie. The movie ends with what seems like these two are going to team up for a John Wick 4.<br/><br/>At first, I thought this was going to be just going to end the John Wick series, but I was wrong. They will most likely end the series with the next one as Wick and King will team up to take down the High Table.<br/><br/>All in all, I highly recommend John Wick 3. It was very good and for 2 hours, it is worth your time to go see. The movie starts off strong with some great fights, but then it drops off into what seems endless story. When the action picks up again the fights seem to go on way too long, and are very repetitive. Some of the long fights at the end are amazingly choreographed though. I will say this as, I hated it when in a fight the guy(s) can kill John they stop and give him another chance to kill them (not die) it happens several times. I also hated that at one point John basically begs for his life - John bows to no man who threatens him. In the first two movies the fights are exaggerated but have a strong sense of realism to them (that's what makes them awesome), this movie (in the end fights) begins to slide towards the ridiculous. I think this franchise should've ended here, got a real feeling the writers are trying to squeeze out more than they should from this storyline. Definitely my least favorite of the three, I think the forth one will not be any better. The third Chapter is utterly incredible. Like the second film, Chapter 3 expands on the mythology and world-building, opening up the world John inhabits even wider. The more we learn about this assassin underground, the more preposterously complex it grows. And yet, there's always thought put into things, to the point where even the grandest absurdities have their own kind of logic. It makes for a highly enjoyable world that we want to spend more time in, and learn more about. That's the true brilliance of this franchise. To just have John killing off people, with no real meaning, would get old fast. But by constantly expanding this heightened reality, we can't help but get drawn deeper and deeper into this Wonderland, tumbling down a rabbit hole, waiting to see where it all goes. By the time John Wick: Chapter 3 ends, you'll be almost as exhausted as John Wick himself. And just like him, you'll be ready to come back for more. The first John Wick film was special because it broke a mold of sorts. It went against certain action film conventions - the hero was not a muscle bound hulk like a Schwarzenegger or Stallone, the action was super fast paced, the plot was basic and straighforward, but introduced some unique elements, and there was something a bit unique and stylish about the film. John Wick was cool.<br/><br/>Then they made a sequel. And while the second film was more ridiculous, less believable, and not as good on any level, it was still John Wick, and still enjoyable.<br/><br/>But this third film is out of ideas and is simply rehashing the same things again for a payday (and hey, people seem to like it, so I can't fault them entirely). The magic is gone and it's just another over the top action film. In their attempt to mine more movies out of what was the barest of bare bones plots to start with, they have had to resort to ever increasing gratuitous violence and fight scene gimmicks. I'm no wilting rose, but even I was a bit unsettled by the casual nature of the violence in this film, which surely has one the highest body counts of any film in recent history. It was so over the top it became a bit cartoonish, like watching a video game. There was even the concept of John fighting a series of progressively more important and more difficult "bosses," just like a video game. John Wick 3 is watchable.... but barely. I think the appeal of the John Wick movies is the same as the appeal of any martial arts movie - you don't watch it for the acting or the story, you watch it for the moves and the laughs. Although Keanu actually did a pretty good job throughout, and John Leguizamo is always fun to watch
John Woo directed a lot of these types of movies, combining guns and martial arts. John Wick heightens the gore, but doesn't add a whole lot to the genre that hasn't been seen before Seriously, the dogs made this movie amazing. Suck good puppies. If it were not for their great contribution to make the movie somewhat fun, my rating would be 2 or 3. Enough said on this John Wick getting weaker and weaker the more episodes build up. And unfortunately, there will be a number 4.
Is that type of action now the norm for the new generation He's shot five times and falls off a building but he's not dead. Ugh The two stars are for the good choreography in the movie. And that's pretty much it. The movie has no sensible plot and I don't understand how you can kill several people in a train station full of people and no one seems to notice, no one breaks a step. Sitting through this movie is a bit of a chore (I'm still in the movie theater). The action scenes are good though. That's all that's keeping me awake...yawn I am a huge fan of the first movie and liked the second one as well. This one, however, was a bit disappointing. While the action, the choreography and cinematography are better then ever, it feels John Wick is out of stories to tell.
I don't expect much story from a movie like John Wick, but a little bit more emotional stakes or a goal would have been nice. Because the movie is 2 hours and 10 minutes long, only action and no narrative makes the action repetitive and boring. The ending also felt really cheap. The promise they made in the second movie is only prolonged by a similar ending in this one. What will likely be John Wick 4, should have been the second half of this movie. I really wanted to like this movie. I really did. But I was overall a little disappointed. Just Running and shooting.
Then stabbing and running.
And here we go again running and shooting.
The Dialoges were like 3.
One of the badest movies ever.
2 hours and 10 minutes. I was like "hope I have to pee"<br/><br/>Just Running and shooting.
Then stabbing and running.
And here we go again running and shooting.
The Dialoges were like 3.
One of the badest movies ever.
2 hours and 10 minutes. I was like "hope I have to pee"<br/><br/>Just Running and shooting.
Then stabbing and running.
And here we go again running and shooting.
The Dialoges were like 3.
One of the badest movies ever.
2 hours and 10 minutes. I was like "hope I have to pee" Its just a 2 hours of fight very boooooringggggggg Boban Marjanovich (Ernest) was immediately killed at the very beginning of the movie. This was a terrible decision as he was probably the best actor in the entire movie. If he isn't back in the next movie I will be very upset. The first Wick film was good. The second not so good. This is literal nonsense. I wish I had not wasted the time watching almost non-stop, not-to-be-believed-for-a-second, fight sequences and killing. A ridiculous story line. Reeves had almost no dialog. While the effort put into the fight sequences was impressive, that is the sole thing admirable about about the film, other than some special effects which were, also, not-to-be-believed. That the film was rated 7.5 tells a lot about the extent the acceptance and enjoyment of continual killing/violent death is part of the human fabric, and the cultural emptiness of the viewing audience. **** WARNING - THIS MOVIE IS ONLY FOR HARDCORE ACTION MOVIE LOVERS *****
There are times in life when you are stressed out and in need of a real action flick that will pump up your adrenaline especially on Friday. All you need to see kick-off your weekend with the latest chapter in the hit franchise - John Wick 3<br/><br/>With 14 million bounty on his head after killing a member of the assassin fraternity, John Wick becomes the center of attraction as he must race against time to defend himself from every one in the world who comes his way.<br/><br/>Continuing his series of action and beautiful stunts, director Chad Stahelski goes one step further with raw and real stunts that will take your breath away.
If you have liked John Wick part 1 and 2, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is an icing on the cake. The movie starts with a bang as Keanu Reeves a.k.a John Wick goes all the possible way to protect himself as the bounty reaches new peak high when he fights a tall guy at the library and knocks him out with a library book. As he steps out the doctor's chamber, he faces the goons where he fights with knives and swords which is brilliantly choreographed followed by an eye-popping fight at the horse stable. There is a chase scene where John Wick rides the horse followed by the goons on the book. I would like to highlight that this probably one of the best chase scenes I have seen in my life. I just got out of my chair and clapped as if my joy knew no bounds.<br/><br/>The film comes back to a more relaxed mode as the story forwards to Morocco. As Halle Berry enters the scene, the movie becomes even more interesting.
There is an electrifying and brilliantly performed gun blazing scenes which last for a good 7 minutes and is worth-watching, especially a dog jumping on the back of Halle Berry as she bows down and climbs the roof to grab the goon. If you think this is enough, hold on as there is a high-octane bike chase scene with jaw-dropping stunts. The movie might become little monotonous but the wonderful choreography in the climax at the glass room is outstanding. The makers have given a hint which will boar yet another chapter which will hit the theater next on 21st May, 2021.<br/><br/>As I said this is a movie who love action films and should be respected as each and every choreography is worth clapping. The movie goes very well with electrifying background score composed by Tyler Bates and Joel J. Richard. Art direction is superb while Cinematography is eye-catching. Writing by Derek Kolstad, Shay Hatten, Chris Collins and Marc Abrams is engaging and does not blink your eye for a minute.<br/><br/>John Wick could only be played by one and the only Keanue Reaves. The actor not only emotes well with his expression but is fantabulous with his hand combats and action stunts. I loved Halle Berry as she brings in spark once she enters the scenes, even though for few minutes. Ian Mcshane and Laurence Fishburne are as usual dependable.<br/><br/>Overall, if you are in need for some kick-ass action film, John Wick 3 is the right dose for you. Electrifying 4.5/5 If you like mass killings with no plot, enjoy. Crap compared to the first movie. Waste of time. The previous two "John Wick" movies were quite good, filled with action and had adequate storylines. And the "John Wick" movies definitely is what brought Keanu Reeves back on the map for me. So of course I had to watch "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" as well.<br/><br/>Wow. Just wow! That is essentially all that needs to be said to summarize this third installment in the series. John Wick (played by Keanu Reeves) is back and better than ever.<br/><br/>This third movie continues on from the previous two movies, but it kicks up the action and adrenaline a notch. Quite a notch actually. This was an action-fest in every sense of that term. From the very beginning to the very end, there wasn't a single dull moment to be had. And director Chad Stahelski really brought the audience along on an action thrill ride like none other.<br/><br/>Not only is this third installment in the series more action packed, but it also hosts multiple great acting performances by some rather interesting casted talents. I must admit that I had my doubts about Halle Berry, but she really surprised me here with her performance as Sofia and proved that she really can hold her own in an action movie such as "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum". And of course Keanu Reeves needs little praise here, because he is back in top form and I dare even say that the "John Wick" movies are his best movies in his entire career thus far. Now, Ian McShane is always a treat in anything he is in, with his cool demeanor and charm, and he is so well cast for the role of Winston. I was looking forward to seeing Mark Dacascos in this movie, and I am so glad that he is here, because he is really getting to prove his worth in a major blockbuster movie here, and he definitely should get rekognition for this movie. I am also glad to see Yayan Ruhian in a movie such as this, because with his martial arts skills he is worthy of movies such as this.<br/><br/>I can honestly say that "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is non-stop enjoyable action from start till end, and also comes with a good continuation of the story of the John Wick character. And needless to say, I am really looking forward to the fourth movie in the series.<br/><br/>The action sequences in "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" were great and nicely choreographed and equally so executed on the screen. There is so much adrenaline in it and it feels like you are right there in the chaotic action yourself. I thoroughly enjoyed this aspect of the movie.<br/><br/>While"John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is not a movie that by any means challenges the intellect of the audience, it is definitely a movie that sweeps you off your feet and takes you along on an action-packed ride.<br/><br/>If you've seen the previous two "John Wick" movies, you definitely need to watch "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum". Trust me. I must admit I love the John Wick franchise so much, in my opinion these are the best action movies around and John Wick 3 is possibly the best one yet. The plot sees John Wick on the run, every hitman on the planet is after Wick to obtain a huge bounty. Keanu Reeves kind of disappeared after the Matrix films but he has been revitalised by this character. John Wick is the toughest guy ever, I love how comitted Wick is to the role and makes me root for this character, he gets beaten up a lot in this film and it makes even more interesting as a character. He totally owns every action scene he is in and shows what a true action star should look like. The supporting cast are also great, Halle Berry plays an ally of Wick and she nails this action role fantastically, she never seems to age and I really liked her dynamic with Reeves. Ian Mcshane is back for this film and does a good job as the head of the continental, I like how his relationship with John Wick is addressed in this film and how it is a large part of the story. Laurence Fishburne also reprises his role and even though he isn't a large part in the film he provides a charismatic performance when he is on screen. Mark Dacascos plays the villain in the film and I really liked his character, he is basically a John Wick fanboy trying to kill his dream opponent and I thought it worked very well, he was also fantastic in the action scenes. The story is great, this time around it shows John on the run instead of on the hunt, it causes some amazing action set pieces and a chance to see this guy get more tired as the film progresses. There is a twist towards the end if the film and I thought it really worked in the world that has been set up in these films. The script is great with some great dramatic tough lines but actually some well placed humour that really elevated this film for me. Now onto the best part of this film, the style. The action choreography is the best I have seen maybe ever, it is amazingly filmed and is so creative that it keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time. The pacing of the film is amazing it moves at a rapid pace but you will be invested from the first minute to the last as it keeps you glued to the screen. Overall this is an amazing film that completes a truly amazing action trilogy that should be held up as one of the best of all time. Thrilling, enjoyable, and well packed action. I gave 10/10 for this kind of movie genre because of the simple reason - it has it's unique style. I must say that the fight choreography has stolen the show. I hope they had a blast while filming it as I was while sitting on the edge of the seat until the last scene.
P. S. Dogs stole the spotlight Better than the second, still not as great as the first.<br/><br/>When Parabellum works, it WORKS! Some great action scenes in this one, including the first few fights. I need more of Halle Berry and her dogs, please. The title character still gives one word answers and shoots people in the head stylishly, which honestly is why most of us watch this series.<br/><br/>What doesn't work as well is when the movie slows down for worldbuilding and plot development. There's a cool story of survival here, but it's too simple to necessitate all the back story and peripheral information that we're present via exposition. Chapter 2 also suffered from this, while the first movie in the series seemed to clue us into the rules of this world and how it operates without taking some many frequent breaks to have someone explain it for our benefit (shooting the movie's momentum in the head in the process).<br/><br/>Overall, I was entertained and I'm here for any new John Wick movies that come down the pipeline. This movie is plain stupid. Just fighting nothing else .
It still has 3 stars from me because the scenery looks great I have mixed feelings about this third installment. What works in film's favour are breathtaking action sequences, especially a scene in a horse's stable and on a bridge (overpass) with Wick fighting off bikers. It is expertly directed and edited. John Wick is still as mean as ever. What doesn't work in film's favour is the following: nonexistent script or a poor attempt of a story and the fact that it doesn't end as a trilogy. There is a scene that I would've made differently, when Wick is in a desert looking for a way out, in that particular moment he would start hallucinating because of dehydration, be under illusion of seeing his dead wife Helen, looking gently at him and as soon as he'd reach his hand towards her, she'd disappear. When this film first came out, a sequel was obvious and expected. I have been looking forward to seeing this third chapter for a long time and now after watching it, I only hope for a better developed screenplay and characterisation in a fourth chapter. Until then tick-tack. Lets keep it short great film, bloody brutal action and good acting but the ending felt a bit insulting. The franchise has deflated.<br/><br/>There is practically no plot in the third installment. The film is similar to the screen version of a computer game, where the main character constantly destroying the units and then gets to the boss.<br/><br/>Chases, fights, shootouts, it looks like Justin Lin (director of 5th and 6th parts of "Fast and the Furious," where they destroyed the tank and crushed the city with a safe on the laces), but didn't try very hard, because the fights look ridiculous - the rivals are stupidly waiting for their fate getting ready for hits, kicks, shoots etc.<br/><br/>What was especially annoying is when JW was in a shootout with opponents of "enforced reinforced armor", having about two dozens of armor-piercing cartridges, spent 3-5 of them on each opponent, often wasting 3-4 bullets on an already dead body.<br/><br/>As I said, there is practically no plot, but what is in its place is full of holes, meaningless, predictable and hollow.<br/><br/>I am an old grouch, but the abundance of action in the film did not compensate for the lack of plot and ridiculous battles at all. Wellllllll............. I don't think it deserves the rating on imdb it's got. Was very good as far as a martial arts choreography and lots of blood and ppl get shot in the head! BUT for me personally just got to the point where it was not to far fetched the amount of ppl he was killing and I don't like that. First John wick was ok. Also wasn't much of a story line i felt bit weak. For an action romp and gorey killing I would prefer to watch RAMBO 4.<br/><br/>Evaluation is , GOOD no brainer film. Must try harder with JOHN WICK 4. It's a total let down. The plot and the dialogues are mediocre at best. The maddening violence makes one feel as if watching merely a combat video game. There's no real threat to the protagonist in any action sequence. Logic has been completely thrown out of the window as far as motives of characters are concerned. I enjoy the first and even the second John Wick, but with Parabellum it's starting to stagnate. These films have always been based on simple plots that serve as justification for the action but the motivation seems to get weaker and weaker.<br/><br/>There is some decent action, but it's hardly top ten material. It's admirable that the actors rehearsed intensively to perform the action sequences, but the problem is that it looks too rehearsed; the way they move is too mechanical. There is also too much action, and a lot of it is so similar it actually gets boring.<br/><br/>In addition, despite the tactical realism they attempt portray, there are many things that strain credulity. In the final shootout Wick isn't even grazed by a single bullet. His opponents have worse aim than Stormtroopers, and they're supposed to be part of some super-secretive, elite league of assassins.<br/><br/>I had hoped this third film would serve as a satisfying conclusion, but it's just another chapter that dangles the possibility of another sequel because apparently Wick's kill-count isn't high enough yet. After Parabellum I have little to no interest in seeing the story continue. Some of the best action sequences I have ever seen in a movie. Amazing. Great movie. Highly recommend it. Nothing more than a choreographed kill fest, full of violence and not much at all in the way of plot, and we wonder why the world is in the state it's in?
If this is peoples idea of solid entertainment, maybe they should get out more, a lot of the younger generation seem to love this sort of thing, maybe they've just never seen any good movies, who knows? I'd get more enjoyment out of an old 1930's B grade western! Don't pay attention to the ultra low rating reviewers. The criticisms are all the same...no plot, no character development, all action. What did they expect? It's a John Wick film! And as a John Wick film, it was good. The dogs in this movie are incredible! Definitely worth watching. Could see that this was going the same way as chapter 2. Fight after fight after fight....which was the reason that I thought that the 2nd film was nowhere near as good as the first.
Maybe I didn't give it long enough...... Just fight and nothing more for kids. So much spent to the special effecta but unfortuantely very poor scenario. I went to see this movie because my daughter loves Keanu. Oh boy, there was a gross out moment every ten seconds. My eyes started flashing a warning, mind overload...mind overload! Ok ..... there are tables, or maybe one table.
You never see the table. These seem very important.
There's lots of coins. The coins are special.
A mean lady gets mad at everyone for helping John Wick.
There's bad guys that are really stabby and shooty.
There's dogs.
Walking through the desert, John Wick is corporate casual.
Morpheus shows up. John wick 3 is amazing keanu reeves does it again as this badass character there a lot more action than the first two films and gets more violent and they added a little humor which is actually funny and amazing villain played by mark dacascos I highly recommend watching John wick 3 This movie is really cool with a lot of suspenseful and action packed scenes that keeps you in the moment. Fair warning, the move has got a lot of gory and violent scenes, but other than that its really fantastic, John Wick doesn't fail to impress you. I didn't enjoy this one as much as the others. Too many bodies and not enough accuracy with how many bullets are actually in a magazine. She was not a good addition. Over acting, and as typical her roll is greater than it should have been. The dogs where cool but the Halle Berry character was made to be a female john wick just showed her ego. She looks frail, It was embarrassing. I was so glad to see she was only a temp character.<br/><br/>As for the rest of the movie the action was great but they will need to change it up in 4 or it will become tired. John wick is becoming too powerful and unstopable....he is getting to be a little too marvelesk. The movie has lots of differwnt fight scenes and attract the action lovers.At the end John Wick as a one man shows that he is better than high table. I do not know what to say that has not been said. If you loved the first 2 movies, you will love this movie as well. As far as a straight fighting movie can go, this was good. I didn't get bored with the fighting scenes because they changed each time. It kept it entertaining during the bigger picture. I also liked that Keanu is just the perfect role for Wick. This is not. 9 or 10 out of 10 because the storyline lacks and it's just straight action. It gives you precisely what you came for. And more, in this case. If you're not one of the oversupply of supercritical people who are no doubt each turning out their own screenplays and movies, then you're pretty impressed by this one. I don't see how the producers, actors and crews do this sort of thing. I'm sure that the CGE computers were overheating, but still... for example, the huge fight scene with the Arabs: Two or more big dogs seem to take direction quite well, running and jumping to chomp on bad guys. And 53 year-old Halle Berry proves she has the "fighting skills" of Charlize Theron, Milla Jovovich, or any of the female action stars. And Keanu... I mean, he's in REALLY good shape, but how do you do that stuff, including hitting the floor a LOT, and not be... dead? You have to be dedicated to a very healthful lifestyle.
And I can't wait for my next streusel and frosting-laden "cactus bread" from Pizza Ranch. Same like john wick chapter 2 lack of storyline and boring its more like chuck norris movie just shoot, shoot, shoot, bang,bang.
bad story line, bad plot and boring.<br/><br/>and 1 man can defeated 200 enemy(body armor, ak 47) with only handgun.
hahahaahha<br/><br/>the best john wick is the first his film, great story line, thrilling, good action.
everyting is balance. I always wonder how, in other movies, shooters never run out of bullets (and never reload).<br/><br/>The John Wick trilogy is known for its accuracy in this regard- making it that much more entertaining. Wick 1 and 2 are the new action movie. In the mold of Borne, every Avenger movie and Fast and the Furious, the film's plot is a near invincible ninja slaughtering scores of baddies with a whisk of their finger to finally face off against another near invincible character in an epic fight. And how good Wick does this formula - way better than the other films for my money.<br/><br/>However, the third installment, Parabellum, is a step behind the first two. And, I'm not entirely sure why. Action, check. quirky characters, check. Great visual style and sound, check, check.<br/><br/>So, where does it fall short? I think this is summed up when one of the characters (not intentionally ironically of course) asks Wick "Why do you keep doing this?" Neither of us had a good answer. More for the sake of more, maybe? Because?<br/><br/>I enjoyed the film because it's a spectacle, but so are most action films these days. Why Wick was different was the style and world it existed in. But style is only stylish for so long, and the world didn't hold up as well as it should/could have.<br/><br/>It's a good watch, just not special like the first 2. This movie could had a 7 or 8, easy.
But there is almost no plot, and the little plot that we got is clichÃ©s and has bad, very bad, writting.<br/><br/>The action scenes (practically all the movie) got dull after a while. At first they where original and believeable, after 1 hour you are watching another bad "action hero" movie. Ok, the choreography of fights is crazy and... there is a lot of it! Also visuals are stunning. But honestly... story.... not too much beside John Wick fighting against all the other assassins. And how/why do assassins keep coming although 100 of them have already been killed? There is not much to the back story of explain how the organisation works... Definitely the best of the three. When it started out, I was getting kind of bored until the dog scenes with Halle Berry, but from that point on it was very good -- even better than the first two. The dogs were a nice touch -- it wouldn't have been the same without them.<br/><br/>A few parts seemed unrealistic, but I forget what they even were, to be honest.<br/><br/>All in all, a very good movie. I liked the first John Wicksomewhat at around a 6-7/10).
However nr. third... just unrealistic battle scenes with all the bad guys waiting in line to get punched or shoot or beaten or just waiting to walk straight up to Mr. Wick to get beaten.
Overall not very believable - once you notice that the movies just gets boring as a lot/almost all of the fighting is like this. Story seemed weak and also lacking some logic sense.<br/><br/>Just an ok film at 3-4 out of 10... a few drinks might have helped... and a naked lady to take away my attention. Absolutely brilliant from start to finish! These days sequels tend to get worse with each one following the first original release. John Wick on the other hand has actually gotten better with each release. JW 3 is a remarkable movie, the fight scenes / choreography is unlike anything I've seen and the way JW uses his surroundings to his advantage to beat his enemies to a pulp: horses, dogs, various ornaments etc etc makes it unexpected and a pleasure to watch!<br/><br/>Without a doubt, in my top 5 best action movies of the 21st century! Of the first John Wick movie, I said it was "Mindless, enjoyable action". I didn't review the second, which is usually an indicator that it was neither good nor bad. John Wick 3, however, to borrow the Spinal Tap meme "Turns it up to 11". But not in a good way.<br/><br/>The action is too prolonged at every turn. Gone is the John Wick of the first movie - an efficient, ruthless killer, that despatches his victims quickly and without fuss. Here is the John Wick that ignores openings for killing blows, takes far too long over fights and seems himself to be tired of it all.<br/><br/>Not, I stress, an aging, battered Wick that is slowing down and past his prime. That might have been interesting. No, this is a John Wick hampered by a script with too little plot and which has had scrawled over it with great liberalness the phrase "Insert pointless action scene here".<br/><br/>Gone is "Mindless, enjoyable action" and hello to "Mindless, tiresome action".<br/><br/>Now, having said the action is, essentially, boring, that is not to say it isn't well done. But it is a little too slapstick, with far too many people being thrown through far too many windows. Fights go on endlessly with none of the protagonists really showing any signs of fatigue, or really suffering any ill-effects from any wounds/injuries suffered until the killing blow.<br/><br/>It's as if Michael Bay directed it, shouting "More shattering windows!" and "Keep going! More fighting!" all the time.<br/><br/>What little plot there is could have been neatly packaged into about sixty minutes including action scenes (that were not dragged out).<br/><br/>In addition, there was a strange lack of attention to detail in some scenes. People are murdered in a subway in front of hundreds of witnesses whom all fail to react in any way. Said bodies then disappear from one shot to the next. In some scenes, blood is spattered about liberally, whilst in others any amount of sword and stabbing action draws no obvious blood-letting. There is a risible amount of knife-throwing in one scene, which was beyond ridiculous, with blades going back and forth and seemingly not having much effect when they struck home. All in all, each and every fight sequence was just too long and too tedious.<br/><br/>I can't, in all honesty, recommend this, even if you enjoyed the first two Wick movies. What's worse, it leaves the opening at the end to vomit up another installment. I only hope if they do regurgitate another one, that they actually get someone competent in to write an actual script, rather than whoever was responsible for this mess.<br/><br/>SUMMARY: John Wick... finally gets on your wick. Dull fight scenes go on longer than War and Peace. Be afraid, be very afraid... of an extended edition. Sadly, there is no hope for this movie. You can see how overly choreographed every fight is. At the least the first two movies were more arbitrary while the 3rd installment is a just a sad effort at human instinct. Blahhh and now I own this garbage. Entire Movie i sit on edge of the seat
I apologize the man who sit in front of me coz i kicking and jumping
Full madness
Action packed Movie i never seen in my life I watched the first two chapters of John Wick and loved them! But this one was literally SOOOO BORING. The whole movie was basically other assassins trying to kill him. Which then ended up having the whole movie be fight scenes one after another. There's only so many fighting scenes before you get bored with them. I mean how many people is he going to kill! I left the movie early because it was so boring Americans continue to display east Asians & Arabs as the superiors of all evil. And I'm growing sick and tired of this sh**.ðŸ˜’
Story sucked. Honestly, it just seemed like a repetitive tacky a** action movie.
THE TRASH ðŸ—‘ What is it that makes these movies so unique? In an oversaturated action genre where hero plot armor is thicker than the plot itself, what is it that John Wick does different? I simply couldn't figure it out throughout it's 2 hour runtime that had me glued to the screen. I have come to believe that it's beauty comes from it's simplicity. We are given bare bones story details and clear as day objectives for each of our characters. From there, we are swept away into long and creative action sequences that have some of the best sound design I have heard, particularly with the shootouts. John Wick will continue to be a franchise to not miss in the coming years. As far as all the reviewers saying that John wick 3 is over the top and unrealistic go, I get where they are coming from but I think they are missing the point of the movie. Of course he wouldn't have just up and walked away from some of the things that happen to him, but that's the point of the movies (espically this one) to be over the top and entertaining. It gets away with this by not taking itself too serisouly and even acknowledging how absurdly resourseful John wick is by having everyone be obsessed with telling the pencil story. The movies are self aware and use dark comedy a lot which is why they can get away with being "unrealistic". So yes they are over the top but it works.<br/><br/>That being said, lets talk about how good this movie is! I absolutely love the first movie and the second one is equally amazing but I do have to say that JW3 is probably the most fun to watch so far. Some of that has to do with the fact that I saw it in theaters and watched the first 2 at my house, because I was late in discovering the franchise. But that' also becaue they really upped the action. Everything was bigger and we got to see deeper into the world of assassins. The action scenes are some of the best I've seen in movies and knowing that many of them are done in long takes with only a few cuts makes them even better and more impressive. The set design is also incredibly impressive and adds greatly to the richness of the world the characters live in (as all great set design should).<br/><br/>Overall the movie is very good and enjoyable and I would highly recommend it to any fan of action movies. And if you don't like action movies I'd still sugest it because it jut might change your mind. I Love this movie so much I think the people behind this movie made a great action comedy movie. It reminds me of Jackie Chan movies and how it was so funny. I thought John Wick adds hardly a story, no character development, no misplaced drama, no misplaced humor, nothing of that. What John Wick offers is action, action and more action. In fact, it is one long action scene.
But that is not a problem. The directors promise action and deliver. While delivering they made it look good and convincing, without trying to be more, and they're smart enough to give the movie a satisfying beginning and exciting ending.
Keanu Reeves is a horrible actor. And his blank expressions is perfect for this movie.
The most that I love in this movie is Halle Berry or Sofia and her dogs.I think she did one of the best job portraying and playing the most memorable female assassin.
Soundtrack was wonderful. It was created the perfect atmosphere in a particular scene.<br/><br/>Anyhow, I believe it is a must see for action fans and for anyone looking for something a bit different from the usual fare. I like Keanu Reeves as much as the next person, but the way the story keeps on prolonging, with no real consequences, is a disappointment. Felt like a filler episode with some good moments. This is one of those few amazing movies you are going to enjoy in a theater. What I felt watching this movie was amazing, goosebumps and adrenaline I think this movie has surpass kill bill, taken, transporter or any other movie. Just amazing! When we last saw John Wick he had an hour until his contract goes active. He 86'd a member of the assassins' High Table on Continental Hotel property. A code violation. The price is $14 million and everyone wants a piece of him. In a beautifully choreographed and filmed work directed by Chad Stahelski, New York at night looks stunning. And thankfully the traffic is stationary so we get to see Keanu Reeves taking on all comers with a poetic motion. Unlike the Marvel comic book CGI that is so fast you cannot actually see the action, Keanu means 'cool breeze over the mountains' and his John Wick is as fresh as ever. And Parabellum is preparing for war.<br/><br/>But in John Wick - Parabellum, John isn't the only one with a bounty, and there is hell to pay for those who have helped him, retribution for disobedience to The High Table. And The Adjudicator, played by the nattily dressed Asia Kate Dillon, has come to collect. Kudos to costume design by Luca Mosca. And here was me thinking this was all about fair play, and The Adjudicator was here to make sure it was. Although John Wick against the world's assassins? I'll take that bet.<br/><br/>Of course some of our assassins want to jump the gun and take John out before his hour is up. Bad sportsmanship, although there's no checking his book out of the New York Public Library, it goes straight to the throat. But when he's injured, honest to god the man is made of metal (even when he's shot in the heart), he has a few minutes to get stitched up by Doc, played by Randall Duk Kim. John does the decent thing and shoots him, after he finishes his own running stitches, just in case anyone thinks Doc treated him after the hour is up. He's pretty accurate.<br/><br/>Sending his dog with no name off to Lance Reddick's Charon at the Continental, he'll pay later, John is now in play, and he's looking for a way out. You'll lose count of how many bodies he stacks up with (antique) flying daggers, all fair game though, and finds his way to Anjelica Houston's The Director. Watch out for a young ballerina peeling off her big toe nail, that's the gruesome part. Ballet isn't pretty off stage. But art is pain and life is suffering, scary Angelica growls. But she grants John safe passage to Morocco for family, and old times sake. Yeah she'll pay for that too.<br/><br/>Some of the Casablanca locals didn't get the message of safe passage, but John eventually gets to the gorgeous Halle Berry. Her Sofia is running the local Continental Hotel for The High Table, but she's willing to settle a debt with John, and maybe score one of her own. Sofia is a better role than the Ginger Ale that Halle played in the terrible Kingsman: The Golden Circle, and she has a pair of really well trained dogs. They have their eyes always on the balls. How did she train them I wondered.<br/><br/>Of course back in John's life there was a wife, and he wants to live to remember Helen, so he needs to get his contract cancelled. Only SaÃ¯d Taghmaoui's Elder of The High Table can cancel the debt. And his price is high. I thought there's no way that John is going to accept, but what choice does he have? So he's back to New York and the Continental Hotel.<br/><br/>Meanwhile The Adjudicator hasn't been tardy in her cleaning up, she takes down the Bowery King for helping John. Laurence Fishburne's demise was a surprise and his punisher is Mark Dacascos's Zero. He will serve, and makes easy work of sushi, let's call it 7 cuts. And The Adjudicator also thinks that Ian McShane's Winston was a little too helpful to John when he gave him an hour head start. So Winston gets The High Table P45. He'll think about it. Think fast Winston, your card is marked and he's coming.<br/><br/>Zero and his students are giddy with excitement at the thought of fighting the great John Wick. An Honour. To be honest John doesn't look like he's slept a wink so it hardly seems fair that they are all going to try and take him down, well them and two bus loads of armour plated hitmen. The Continental Hotel is 'deconsecrated' and killing on the property now allowed. In the library the glass cases look to be filled with beautiful Damien Hurst 'For the Love Of God' diamond skulls. The hardest mineral takes on the hardest man. John and Charon saddle up, although I wondered if Keanu had been too long in the saddle already?, choose your weapon, and when we call a parley, well there's your John Wick 4.<br/><br/>What a buzz, Keanu has kept my interest since the first John Wick. Then it was a designer's dream with stunning home and New York architecture, now the dirty streets have eyes and everyone is a would be killer. It's lost none of its style though with Production Design by Kevin Kavanaugh. But there's humour on the side, those horses are fantastic, and every kick lands with a thump or kerpow. The fight scenes are masterpieces with a cracking team of stunt men and martial artists. Long may they have work of this quality to die with. And the ballet scenes were the icing on the cake for me, not normally associated with hard men, but when I did Chinese kickboxing they worked together well. And hopefully you can see the beauty with those flying kicks.<br/><br/>A belter from Chad Stahelski with cinematography by Dan Laustsen, and of course some pretty good CGI. Those axes look bloody sharp when they land in someone's head!<br/><br/>I loved it, see you summer 2021 for John Wick 4. Regrettably with commercial imperatives being what they are, sometimes a concept that probably should have been left to mature, keeps being reinvented.<br/><br/>In my view, such is the case with the John Wick franchise. Its a decent idea, assassin who operates outside the code he has sworn to serve. Yet as the third installment demonstrates, often less is more.<br/><br/>This film feels like expended potential. Its been overdone and it shows. There's little in the way of a story that moves the Wick universe along. Instead, what you get is, "stab, shoot, beat"......repeat. Its alright for the first 15-20 minutes but thereafter it feels like a tiresome dead weight of brutality you simply wish would end.<br/><br/>In my view its time this one was put out to pasture and time taken to really think hard about where to go next. 5/10 from me. When you think of action stars on the planet one of those first three names should be thought of is Keanu Reeves. The man has made some of the most influential action films of all time. If it was for Point Break we would not have The Fast & Furious franchise. Without The Matrix, who knows what action movies would have looked like for the last 20 years. I know without The Matrix we would have gotten the John Wick series and that would be a crime. Saying that I'm so hyped for the third chapter in this series is an understatement. This film is the second most anticipated film for me of 2019. But could all this hype I was giving it, could this film be exactly what I hoped and more? Yes, it could and it did.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (such a long name) starts off minutes after John Wick Chapter 2 ends. And if you haven't seen John Wick Chapter 2 then stop reading this review, go see that, go see Chapter 3 and then come back. Yes, they are that good, what are you doing here? Get going! John at the end of Chapter 2 had murdered a member of the high table on Continental ground. This is a criminal offense in this world and he had been excommunicated. He was no on the run with a high bounty on his head. Every assassin in the city would be hunting him down. This third chapter follows him as he tries to call in every favor that he has to stay alive. It takes him from NYC all over the world including meeting an "old friend" Sofia (Halle Berry) and getting a bit of his back story from a former mysterious instructor The Director (Anjelica Huston).<br/><br/>But not only does John have to deal with his consequences from his actions, but his friends and acquaintances are also feeling the heat too. An adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) has set a time table for Winston (Ian McShane), Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne) for them to either step down or bow allegiance to the high table. It's a complicated mess John has gotten everyone into. Add to that there is an assassin named Zero (Mark Dacascos) working with the Adjudicator. It's a simple story but with a lot of moving parts. Some questions are left open but much of them are answered by the final credits roll.<br/><br/>Chad Stahelski, director of the film, has made himself one of the premiere action directors working now. It's funny that his co-director on the first film David Leitch went on to big action films but Stahelski stayed in this world. And I don't want him leaving anytime soon. The action in this film is top notch. Keanu has once again outdone himself, bringing John to life in stunning fashion. We know the man can fight but the action scenes in this film are wild, to say the least. Without the sure effort of Reeves back by a good director in Stahelski there's no way these films would be half as entertaining as they are. The cast, everyone gets enough screen time to bring excellent characters to flesh out the film. Halle Berry's work is the best I've seen her in an action film. She is in the film less than I would have hoped but she can kick ass with the best of them.<br/><br/>McShane gets some of the best lines in the film. Lance Reddick comes back as Charon but this time gets to get in on the action as well. Huston and Fishburne bring a cool gravitas that makes the film feel classy and sophisticated. Dacascos has most of the best comedic moments especially when he's on screen with Reeves. They play off of each other very well every though they are trying to kill each other. Asia Kate Dillon is fantastic as the Adjudicator. They have this power and fierceness to the character that you are rooting against but respect. One thing I have to totally commend the director and filmmakers for is the Adjudicator character is non-binary human played by a non-binary human. Being a pansexual male, I'm always looking for representation in film. Being a huge blockbuster film, it's wonderful to see good representations of the humans in society and onscreen.<br/><br/>The action is what we all come for in these films and it never lets up. The opening 20 minutes will have any action fan screaming in joy and on the action of their seat. Stahelski went balls to the wall with this film. It gets a bit ridiculous but not enough to turn a filmgoer off. It's grounded enough that you would think most people trained enough could do this in the real world. We get chases, gun fu, hand to hand battles, sword battles, and more. It's so wild but so enthralling. All of the film is shot so everything is seen on screen. The action scenes are shown in wide shots and long takes. There is no quick cut editing here. We feel the brutality of the fights and the stunts. The actors and stunt people go through hell but it comes off so well on screen. I wish more of the big action films would train actors to fight instead of trying to fake with quick edits that make people dizzy. There is a sense of landscape in these action scenes, you know where everything is and how the environment looks. Which you can connect with the scenes no matter how crazy they are.<br/><br/>Hands down John Wick: Chapter 3 Parabellum is the best action movie I've seen this year. Also, it's one of the best action movies I've seen in a while (maybe since Chapter 2). Keanu and the entire cast are excellent in this wild third ride. Chad Stahelski has proved himself once again he can tell a decent story in a great action movie. Everyone gets a good scene or two to show off their stuff but Keanu owns the film and proves this is one of the many reasons why I love this man onscreen. I'll have to see the film again but this might be my favorite film franchise of all time. Just my opinion. And I'd be happy to serve and will be of service if there is a decision to make a John Wick: Chapter 4. I have seen John Wick chapter 3 Parabellum Yesterday in Kinepolis Utrecht (The Netherlands) it was a brilliant Movie. Especially the beginning when he killed the big guy in the library with a book. I hoped this chapter was good, and it was. 2 hours of constantly entertainment. John Wick did not speak much, but the vieuw words wore nice chosen. Compliments for his stunt team. And also Halle Barry played very well. I loved the dogs seens. I can not wait for chapter 4.
Thank you Johnathon and the whole cast! The only other action movie franchises i have seen improving with each installment are Mission Impossible and the original Jason Bourne Trilogy.<br/><br/>John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum have achieved the same fate which many franchise movies have failed to achieve.<br/><br/>The movie itself is just pure, raw and real action. The fighting sequences looks very authentic, the way wick constantly needs to reload the guns and how he handles that part is so beautifully managed throughout the film. you feel like you are watching a real gunfight happening in-front.<br/><br/>I like how this time around they incorporated a little bit of humour in the fighting sequence which made the movie much more enjoyable.<br/><br/>Keanu is a treasure and i would love alot of wick movies down the line. Seen this tonight & was blown away by how epic it!<br/><br/>John Wick in the 3rd entry has a bounty on his head & thereby has to shoot, slice & dice his way through every single assassin in order to survive.<br/><br/>The fight scenes in this film are the highlight & damn do they deliver! From the first 5 minutes onwards is full on action packed fight scenes! All of which are executed perfectly & really show off the ruthlessness of John Wick!<br/><br/>Though the film did drag a little at certain points & lost bit of its momentum here & there, the film as a whole was really epic & enjoyable! The finale was something too!<br/><br/>9/10 Roll on John Wick 4! The first half was really good and intense and had some weight to it. The second half was soo dull I wanted to leave. Too much action it started to become boring. Even him going through so many glass windows. It just wasn't fun anymore. The ending was incredibly stupid I wish he could just die and end this franchise Seriously guys? A 10 for this masterpiece? Or better: for this piece of crap....
The movie has no story-line whatsover (what the hell has the character played by Halle Berry to do with it and the what about the idiotic trip into the desert????) and there is no realism in this movie at all. Guys being shoty in the head two times and are still standing, guys getting beat with blows that would knock down an elephant but John Wick and others still keep on standing. The first Wick-movies were ok and although no great story much better than this dumb movie. the fighing keeps on dragging and dragging and what about the fighting with the chinese guy in a strange room full of glass: the glass shatters all the time as Johnny gets thrown around but on the other hand it can withstand the impact of a sable....
And in the end of the movie Johnny gets shot rthree times in the body, takes a long fall and bangs his head against a metal construction but miracously survives this all:brilliant!!
No, anyone who rates this movie higher than a 5 is drunk, high or just plain stupid but my guess is that person is all three.
John Wick 3 is a dumb unrealistic movie and a fine example of the crap that often is coming from Hollywood. I loved the first 2 John Wicks but this one just feels so different. I even considered walking out the cinema half way through it got that slow and dragged out, I was falling asleep. There is no dialogue, the acting is just straight up boring and mono, the script seems like it was written by an 8 year old its that basic in parts with just anticlimactic one word answers. The fight scenes are good but most of them just go on WAY too long, it feels forced and for the sake of and they just keep doing the same stunts over and over, it was just boring repetitive action. The movie sort of redeemed itself towards the end but the damage had already been done, this movie has no substance to get the viewer gripped, its just like oh another repetitive long shoot out, yawn. Good points are the choreography and the realism with the violence, weapons and bullets etc Same stunts over and over, bunch of Asian guys getting beaten up, Keanu struggling to launch the kicks. No plot whatsoever. I couldn't help but be in complete awe of this masterly orchestrated dance of death that went on for 131 minutes with ruthless intensity. And though my cheeks hurt due to grinning from start to finish, I'm definitely not complaining because it was totally worth it. What Keanu Reeves & Chad Stahelski have managed to pull off for the third time in a row is a rare cinematic feat that cements the John Wick saga as the new benchmark for action filmmaking.<br/><br/>A vicious, violent & vengeful delight that presents Death's very emissary in full annihilation mode as he employs books, knives, guns & swords to smash, stab, shoot & slice his way through an endless horde of assassins, Parabellum is another stylishly filmed, furiously paced & relentlessly savage instalment that features some of the finest action set pieces & extraordinary stunt choreography ever committed on film to deliver yet another high-octane, full-throttled & adrenaline-fuelled action masterpiece.<br/><br/>A powerful, potent & polished blend of kinetic direction, meticulous production design, astounding camerawork, smart editing, stupefying action & splendid score that's spearheaded by Keanu Reeves' swashbuckling performance & is all the more uplifted by excellent support from the rest, Chapter 3 is a slick, sharp & sophisticated sequel that takes the action elements of its predecessors and kicks them up a notch to finish as one of the best offerings of its genre. Having read a negative review I went with trepidation. This was an absolute rollercoaster from beginning to end. Graphic violence to be taken with a pinch of salt as its intended to be overkill, some of the best choreographed fight scenes I've ever seen. Halle Berry is a tour de force. Visually spectacular with shades of blade runner. For those who revere superbly trained protection dogs this is a dog lovers dream and the horses really pack a punch too! I don't know how he does it but keanau reeves has made John wick immortal. What the hell did i walk into... i expected a fun action packed movie... This was a trip through an emotional gauntlet of pure energy. I stayed post credits not only to peek at a possible extra scene. But to chillout an unwind from what i was attempting to process... matrix style genre breaker. First two movies are very good too and this one doesn't fall behind them. If you check on YouTube the videos of Keanu and Halle Berry shoot training and overall workout for the roles you will understand how much this movie is raising the bars. It is visually stunning and every scene is where it must be.2 hours long and not a single minute where you can just relax ,it is intense and engaging ! The viewing experience is great ! The climax of the movie is unique ! The first two movies introduce us to this world while this one is evolving the characters and the story in a very interesting and dramatic way ! John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is the third entry in the John Wick action thriller series. Once again directed by Chad Stahelski and starring Keanu Reeves in the lead role, it is a solid continuation of the title character's story while adding even more to the world building element set up previously.<br/><br/>Immediately after the events of John Wick: Chapter 2, former assassin John Wick (Keanu Reeves) is on the run after killing a member of the High Table at The Continental hotel in Manhattan. With a $14 million bounty now on his head, Wick must find find a way to safely escape New York City, while avoiding death by other assassins from all parts of the world.<br/><br/>As reliably action-packed as it is great to look at, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is so far the best installment of this ever growing franchise which serves to remind us that Keanu Reeves is deserving of his place back in the spotlight. Wick is still the "one man army" force to be reckoned with, and Reeves again adds that trademark nuance to his performance to help things along nicely. However, the film also introduces Halle Berry's character Sofia as a helpful accomplice of Wick, showing that she too may also have potential for an action star comeback. It's a shame she does not feature in the story as much as she should but there is hope she will return in the near future. Like its predecessors, the fight scenes are beautifully shot, owing to director Chad Stahelski's creative use of lighting and cinematography, giving them a noir-like vibe. In addition to this, the film also has some surprisingly funny moments of dark comic relief, which certainly helps ease the tension after some graphic violence. Even though the film does take the predictable route of sequel-baiting, I am definitely on board for any future follow-ups we may having coming our way.<br/><br/>I rate it 8/10 I enjoyed the first two productions of John Wick, really looking forward to the third one. Overall it was enjoyable but felt a little flat towards the end. Keanu Reeves was great as usual. I am not so sure about Halley Barry's performance, felt too forced at some point, though, she fought just as well. I wished the story would have revealed more about the world of the characters introduced rather than just en passing, have less but sharp action sequences but more of the story development on the different factions. The best fight sequences are in the beginning, after that it seems a little repetitive. Some parts of the actions felt confusing. One example is when John Wick faces two opponents in the Casablanca alleyway, while holding onto one knife attacker to fight the other, the first opponent remains inactive far too long to be unrealistic. It feels like the director compromised with that shot. Another scene in the end fight where two attackers with turtle neck sweater and jacket, both intentionally look similar going up against Wick. Wick kills one of them, but the other never reappears. I will have to watch it again to make sense. I will hold out on the third one giving it the benefit of the doubt as it leads to the fourth installment. I hope there's a better payoff. My 2 cents take on this one. Actually pretty good camerawork and filters.<br/><br/>The action is ok but repetetive at some point. 15 millions bullits and 500 opponents and not one hitting a target<br/><br/>For a popcorn movie ok.. But when the dog waa biting the 5th guy in the nuts that was it, i stopped the movie and was heading to my girlfriend for a good night<br/><br/>This movie is ok but a little too much men hating. The first movie was a pleasant surprise. Part 2 added to the story and I liked the continuity. Part 3 adds another dimension which I enjoyed again. The fight scenes are predictable, so it suggests some continuing lack of skill, thought and laziness on the part of the producers / directors. It's easy to see they have set this up for a Part 4, so they are milking the franchise for all they can. At some stage, if they keep going along lazily with a formula, the whole thing will fall over and tarnish the cleverness of the original idea. But the movies are making mega amounts of money for all concerned, so maybe they no longer care about the integrity of the art they are creating. Or maybe they never cared about the art and only cared about the money? Regardless of how I feel about it all, I have enjoyed all 3 John Wick episodes to date. There's nothing revolutionary, but also no let downs or change ups like Alien 3 was to the Alien franchise. No you pretty much get what you pay for with this and that's more of the same over-the-top violence that you've grown to expect from a John Wick film. I don't understand all the one-star reviews as if people watched the first two and suddenly expected Shakespeare? Why would anyone suffer through all three films if they hated it so much? There are some very entertaining action sequences and that's what you get from a John Wick movie oh, nothing more nothing less. Two first movies were fine. Chapter 3 is meaningless. Lots of fighting, No really plot.
Watch the first two and then stop! Keanu really made his acting come back with the John Wicks, especially since playing Neo in the Matrix franchise which was 2 decades ago!! But any how, back to J W chapter 3 - what a ride! I absolutely loved this one, In fact it's my favourite! Plenty of high speed action and yet again, another decent story from it. The pace is just right and I enjoyed all new characters. Never fails to bring something new to the table each time! Can't wait to watch it again! The stakes were raised even higher and this movie definitely delivered, my personal favorite so far from the series. Review:
'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' is a neo-noir-action film directed by Chad Stahelski[. It is the third installment in the 'John Wick' film series.
The third installment in what I hoped would be one of the greatest action trilogies. By the ending of this film, it looks like we can expect yet another sequel to this crazy action franchise. I'm not complaining by any means, I have enjoyed every movie that has come so far, I just miss trilogies.
Super-assassin John Wick (Keanu Reeves) returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin's guild, the High Table, John Wick is excommunicado, but the world's most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn.
Sequels normally get worse as they go on. But, not John Wick. These movies get more intense with each movie. The overall concept of all three of these movies are basically the same. Each has a lot of killing with great action scenes. None really stand out to me as the best in the franchise, but I do enjoy each one of them.
The pacing of this film is also incredible. It starts the action immediately and almost never lets up. The only problem is when the death count is as high as this film, the movie can struggle to keep the originality up. After a while each death starts to look very similar to the last, and the 50 before that, and it can even become a little tedious to watch.
Overall, this movie is two hours of your life that will pass by very quickly. This is as non-stop action as films get.
So, that's my review John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum, let me know in the comments below if you seen this movie, and let me know your grade for it. Keep and eye open for more reviews to come!
4/5 Sheesh, reading some of the other reviews left on this site, I tend to wonder why these people claim to be movie buffs when they cannot draw a distinction between genres. Yes, every now and then we get a well balanced action movie with a story worth it's grain. But this is John Wick, plain and simple. Those expecting more from the formulae need to look elsewhere or stop watching the movies. With that being said. Fun, this movie is fun. Simple and straightforward plot, great action scenes, Uber violent in all the right ways. One more thing. Those asking for a role for Keanu to be an "actor" Keanu is many things and may be a lovely man, but a good actor, well!?!? My name is Jacob Law.
They used my ideas for almost the entire timeline of the movie Don't believe the negative reviews . The momentum continues with JW3. This is my favorite JW. Never boring. It has a story . Action scenes flow well. Watch it. Like watching a teenager playing a fps computer game with godmode on. mindless and illogical scenes, one after another. Superb action!!!! Not every movie needed a story,,although the dialogues are impactful..John the craziest thug! One of the best action movies ever I enjoyed every minute of it , I couldn't take my eyes from it highly recommend I gave it a 6 only because the dogs were cool. The plot and movie itself was completely pointless and unnecessary to the story. Sadly, it felt like a Fast and Furious sequel but this wasn't Keanu's fault. We keep thinking it can't get better and they keep surprising us I love the first two movies in this series. John Wick 1 was a really well done movie and I'd recommend it without a second thought. John Wick 2 had some problems but still overall was pretty solid.<br/><br/>Now John Wick 3 starts exactly where part 2 ended and it did so pretty well. You can see the immediate pressure with the "excommunicado" right away. The first action scene also delivered what I'd expected from the movie which I really liked.<br/><br/>However it then unfortunately slowly it started getting worse and worse. John Wick had such a thick plot armor due to constant dumb actions taken by his opponents that it wasn't even funny anymore. Towards the end I was really rolling my eyes because of the interactions between the characters during action sequences.<br/><br/>There were various ridiculously cool moments in the movie just like in the previous ones but for me they couldn't save it overall. The plot tried to "subvert my expectations" but it did so in an unsatisfying way. And let's just say there are some characters that seriously deserved a bullet in the head...<br/><br/>And with what I've seen now I'm not sure I want to see a John Wick 4.....which is a possibility.... In general, hyper-violent is not my style of film. What makes John Wick entertaining is that the character has humility.<br/><br/>Enter Sofia (Halle Berry) and The Adjudicator (Asia Dillon). Huge egos, weak acting and not an ounce of humility. At one point, Sofia sees Wick is dehydrated so she spits in a bottle and gives it to him to drink. That's probably the lowest point in Berry's career (even worse than being caught lying about her high scool prom). If the goal was to make a highly unlikeable 'hero', it worked.<br/><br/>Solid performances from Keanu Reeves and Ian McShane (who thankfully varied his role of one-dimensional villain that he plays in many other roles).<br/><br/>The action scenes are superbly choreographed, except they are too long at times. Some of the fight scenes have excellent humour (which was necessary to offset Berry and Dillon's appalling performances). Don't get me wrong, Berry's action sequences were extremely well done, but, they were offset by her weak acting and huge ego.<br/><br/>Lawrence Fishburne is reasonable in this movie. At times, Fishburne can be extremely egotistical. However, he pales in comparison to Berry and Dillon who took ego to a whole new level.<br/><br/>Lance Reddick (as Cheron) is the epitome of cool. However, the best performance by far in the movie goes to Mark Dacascos as Zero, who plays the first superb ninja-like character i've seen in the last decade. He plays humble, hilarious and agile superbly. The other "ninja warriors" of Hollywood could learn much from Mr Dacascos' performance.<br/><br/>TL, DR - Berry and Dillon's performances sucked. Action overall excellent, Dacascos steals the show thanks to a combination of humility and agility (almost never seen in Hollywood these days).<br/><br/>5/10 because of unnecessary political correctness, awful performances from Berry, Dillon (and Berry's dogs) and giving Angelica Huston such a laughable role. Nothing is real. Everything is far away. Everything is a copy, of a copy, of a copy. The story is good, also well played fighting scene
But wait...
I watched it with 2 of my friends, we laugh a lot a whole film. John Wick is just as silly as how horror character touch the things that they should've not touch, but John Wick is action movie version. He looks like coming to the death, not going away or avoid the death.<br/><br/>But it's ok, because the enemies just like dummies, like how full-weapon-ed gang can be loose by john wick who not weapon-ed and only use horse to kill them all. Also when they try to chase Wick using motorcycle, but they just act like a silly not trained-to-war dummies.<br/><br/>Also I'm surprised and a lil bit laugh when see high table senior were live in the desert, live without air conditioner, and ride a camel.<br/><br/>But the good thing is, the fight scene. Especially near the end of movies. The fight scenes were epic and it deserved score 9 but Halle Berry made pure 10. I recommend this movie and it was funnier then last two which is paradox really but i didn't mind. Can't wait for chapter 4! John wick 3 is by far the best Action movie of our generation even better than Endgame in my opinion it's a shame it's on 73 on metacritic Super fast pace action thriller that doesn't let up from start to end. Great story line that keeps you engaged with a surprise ending I won't give away. You'll have to go see for yourself! I am just gonna start off by saying I LOVE this movie. Outstanding Action Movie! John Wick plays a better role in this movie. Fighting and gun shooting scenes incredible and perfect. The crowd in this movie very huge when i reached to buy the movie ticket with my friends. I am planning to watch this movie again. Action Survival Movie.. 8/10. As a fan of the franchise, I did anticipate this movie wholeheartedly, and it did not disappoint! The violence is as expected but in a more comical way. Very well choreographed fight scenes and the storyline was very much in tune with the last 2 movies. Can't wait to own it digitally A complete thriller just like the previous two installments, great action sequences with a good plot to back it up Then, the rest of the movie just sorta happens. The whole middle section with Halle Berry felt fairly unnecessary and the action was repetitive in the wrong kinda way. Things pick up a little near the end, but it just felt like the story had run out of gas. Nothing in the final 90ish minutes achieves what we get in the first 30 or so.<br/><br/>The ending made me shrug and I can't imagine getting excited about them drawing the story out in part 4 when this was a perfect place for a conclusion. If in the first two episodes a sort of storyline could be seen, that of personal revenge in the first and of the rules of the caste in the second, but here everything is replaced by pure adrenaline and formidable action without any sort of plot, only a memorable countdown . All this makes this film one of the most beautiful of its kind, the struggles, the chases, the shootings, the martial arts are conducted with absolute mastery surrounded by truly fantastic scenery. Reeves is handed over for the umpteenth time to the Olympus of cinema. TOP! I think after endgame this is the best movie of 2019 ....it has great action scenes ..and as always kenue has done a good job...everyone should watch this movie...it will be worth ur money... I think after endgame this is the best movie of 2019..it has great action scenes and kenue has done a good job as always. Everyone should watch this movie it will be worth ur money After gunning down a member of the High Table, John Wick finds himself stripped of the organisation's protective services.<br/><br/>Now with a $14 million bounty on his head, Wick must fight his way through the streets of New York as he becomes the target of the world's most ruthless killers.<br/><br/>Parabellum is one of the most zen like action films ever made. Its psychedelic cinematography and mise en scene is what makes this franchise stand out from other action films, and it also cements Reeves as one of the most iconic screen presences there is working in cinema today.<br/><br/>He says very little in the film, but action speaks louder than words, and my goodness, what sublime action there is in this beautiful film.<br/><br/>Picking up straight from JW2, Parabellum is an almost exhausting exercise in action, and you have to empathise with Wick, he rarely has a chance to rest during the film, and the physical and psychological damage he suffers only adds to the films tension.<br/><br/>Part 3 ups the ante with the set pieces, from the small intimate ones in a library, to the grand extended almost balletic extended shootouts in the second and third act, John Wick never fails to amaze the viewer, but with all this action, when we stop to breathe, especially when we have exposition starring Berry and Huston, the film really does stop in a jarring way.<br/><br/>Camerawork is wonderful, particularly when we are on the road, with the camera focusing on the long road, subliminally referencing Wicks never ending journey, just when will it all be over? How will this man ever rest? Will Wick ever get to the end of his journey, his goal to carry on living, so he can remember?<br/><br/>It's also great to see Dacascos starring in a major release again, his Zero is a formidable adversary, but his strange, almost camp like ways make him a very likeable presence, causing the viewer to let their guard down, and endear to him, making him one of the most dangerous villains.<br/><br/>It's a wonderfully crafted film, almost dreamlike in its nature, the desert scene is awe-inspiring and a genuine jaw dropping moment, that lets you almost feel the delusional state Wick must be feeling as he slowly dehydrates.<br/><br/>It's also very funny in places, with Macshane providing the biggest laugh by simply putting a phone down.<br/><br/>So all in all, it's a wonderful sequel, thanks to Reeves hypnotic presence, the amazing choreography, and some wonderful camerawork.<br/><br/>One cannot wait to see how the next film will top this. Love these movies , just brilliant to watch , fantastic directer !! Halle Berry should never been cast in this movie she's terrible , I've never liked her . John Wick 3: Parabellum continues the worst couple of weeks of Mr. Wick's life, and it just keeps getting worse. Ultra-violent and ultra-cool, this series is a work of passion - from the principle actors training for months on the shooting range to become competition-Level marksmen (and women), or the writers who keep building a world that is as rooted in fantasy as Harry Potter or Middle Earth. More Matrix then your standard assassin flick, it pushes the characters, settings, activities, attire, and weapons to increasing levels of fandom. Will it ever over-saturate us to fatigue? Perhaps, in future spinoffs and installments. But not yet. In 3, John, and his world of super-cool killers, haven't ceased surprising us. John wick had too much to prove. Well , It had already broken the curse of failed sequels .So , I was half certain it won't be at par with the hype it has generated. And how glad i am to been proven wrong !<br/><br/>John Wick (2014) came silently as an odd one out with action sequences based on solid foundation of ground work and actual tactical training , not to mention without shaky cams but i am certain the makers would have had their apprehensions. The difference in John Wick and other action movies might have missed the appreciation of general audience. But lucky for us it didn;t . And then from there Chad Stahelski was all set to deliver us back to back action masterpieces . But while the direction holds this series together , it is the amazing Keanu Reeves who has held it up high with his inspiring discipline and dedication.<br/><br/>Coming to John Wick : Chapter 3 , the story remains simple . The high table is after John Wick's blood and since this is John Wick , there is no chance of amicable resolution. Numerous hand to hand combat scenes, chase sequences, uncountable corpses and lots and lots of gun form the canvas on which John Wick : Chapter 3 Parabellum begins to emerge. But while all this was exiting in the previous two installations too, where Chapter 3 differs is its treatment of villains . Setting up proper challenge for a character like John Wick is a job too tough to be reckoned with and this was perhaps the only thing which i think fell short of expectations in chapter 2. With chapter 3 the movie takes a better approach and rather than putting a face , we have a concept , a fearsome concept of High table against John Wick. The Omnipotent high table and a lone warrior against it - how mythical and majestic that sounds .<br/><br/>"Art is pain" - as a line goes in the movie and Keanu Reeves it appears has suffered more than we would fathom , training and preparing for his role . But it has payed off well it seems . John Wick is and always will be a legend . I am not sure if there is another installation in the making but if the makers have even a slightest doubt that it will fail to match John Wick's status, they better leave it alone. What we have here is perfection portrayed and if you haven't watched John Wick yet , you are missing on one of the shiniest gem of action movies. Thank you! Great movie! Action and comedy just right! Thank you Mr. Wick. See you in #4?! The man. The myth. The legend. Will somebody please, get this man a: pistol, shotgun, throwing knife, belt, sword, book, motorcycle and a horse. Because in a year of lacklustre releases, John Wick has come to save the day yet again. Oh yes! Being declared "excommunicado" results in a barrage of relentless well-choreographed action sequences that rivals its predecessors and action milestones such as 'The Raid 2', whilst also providing an in depth exploration of the assassin world that he resides in. Stahelski's franchise, from a revenge thriller to action extravaganza, has progressed substantially. For the better, might I add. Immediately after the events of the second film, John Wick is on the run from an endless wave of assassins after a ludicrously rewarding contract is put on his head.<br/><br/>He has overcome vengeance, broken the rules of The Continental and is now succumbing to desperation. The clock is ticking. The assassins are preparing. Ready yourself for one of the best first acts this year (or any year for that matter!). Stahelski immediately injects his neo-noir aesthetic within the immediate second of John Wick running for his life. Vivid neon lights refracting from the harsh rainfall. The suspicious activity of passersby. Six o'clock hits. Showtime! The sheer ferocity of violence welcomes Mr. Wick as he is sublimely throwing daggers into skulls, destroying a jaw with just a book and politely using a horse to kick the absolute excrement out of others. Ooh. Aah. Ouch!<br/><br/>Stahelski's signature eye for stunt work is unparalleled. Exhilarating long takes showcasing Reeves' physical prowess as he throws himself into every exciting sequence. Utilising various different pieces of equipment to inventively slay the opposition. An absurd amount of bone-crunching, skull-mashing and eye-popping that is enhanced due to the brilliant sound effects team. Even the gunshots made me clinch my chest, fooling me into thinking a bullet penetrated my heart. A refreshing sequence involving Berry's Sofia, an assassin who must help Wick, proves that Stahelski can balance multiple characters in the same action sequence. This also includes two vicious dogs that tear the enemy apart. A symphony of violence, where every component comes together perfectly.<br/><br/>Both Reeves and Berry give physically demanding performances, with the former looking exhausted by the third act (a subtle detail I really appreciated), whilst also presenting a nuanced set of emotions. We all know Reeves is no Day-Lewis, and the writers avoid the sentimental moments for a more angered approach instead, working in his favour. A plethora of other characters, ranging from assassins to members of the High Table, are well introduced and remained memorable throughout.<br/><br/>Is the third instalment perfect? Unfortunately not. Naturally in an action film, there are down times where the story simmers and allows the audience to catch a breath. These moments lulled too much in my opinion, considering the extensive runtime, and should've been shortened to keep the pace tighter. A sequence involving John Wick traversing a desert seemingly paused the film for a somewhat unusual part of the story that felt out of place. Then there's the ending. You're either on board with it or not, especially the plausibility of a certain fall. For me, I'm more inclined to tilt towards the former but understandably it will divide viewers. Occasionally the CGI can be noticeable, and will take you out of the action for the minuscule of seconds. However admittedly I'm nitpicking here.<br/><br/>John Wick has to be one of the most consistent franchises available. Each instalment attempts to increase the carnage and stunt work. And it works. Whilst the lengthy runtime is questionable in places, Stahelski's third chapter is definitely "preparing for war" and I cannot wait to see how the story progresses. Reeves is the man. But John Wick is the hero! Huge fan started fun fast then like halfway felt lost story evaporated, yes there were great moments and Halle Berry acting and her gun fighting was on par with JW then after that great scenes started going downhill very pridictable and plot faded after 1-2 revenge was pretty much settled then JW could of escaped but instead wanted to come back into this lifestyle cut his finger off to go back, which as a fan I'm all for action but a Little extra story goes a long way build some new characters story arc if they plan to do more. Last thing the villain was ok but for a 3 movie I felt it needed a super bad ass villain. Regardless it's still a good watch non stop action and great fighting scenes still I think a 7/10 recommended watch Great screen play and action sequences. Do watch John wick 2 before you watch 3.<br/><br/>Good comeback for Halle berry. Not a major role but was shining as long as she is on screen. This film is about John Wick get excommunicado! He need to go to Morocco to find The Elder and reverse the 15 million dollars price tag on his head! Opening library fighting scene is violence but less bloody gore like previous one, I feel like this film will disappointed me! But after this fighting scene, all action scene completely satisfy until the end! John Wick team up with Halle Berry fighting scene is one of the high satisfaction scene! Second one is John Wick riding motorbike fight on the bridge! Third one is John Wick fighting alongside Charon at the Continental Hotel! Last one is John Wick kill the Indonesian assassin and the assassin named Zero! Fighting with the two Indonesian is funny to watch and John Wick can speak Indonesian! Lol! The Adjudicator character is really annoying! Hope John Wick will kill her in next installment! Big spoiler ahead, John Wick kill by Winston at the end and save by Bowery King! Can't wait to watch next revenge saga! Another must watch action movie of the year! The first movie was fantastic. The second was over the top....even for this trilogy.
The third....lmao, it's just awful...<br/><br/>Halle Berry throwing people around like she's Wonder woman, it just looks like the guys are helping her to kill themselves....throwing themselves around to make her look good lol.<br/><br/>Keanu is on point as usual, just a shame the movie is awful.<br/><br/>Brutally kill a guy in a train station and nobody noticed!!?? Huh?<br/><br/>Riding a horse with no gun, guys on bikes with guns but don't shoot, instead try to drag him off!?<br/><br/>Motorbike chase with swords!?<br/><br/>Braindead movie, I feel that they didn't even try with this and just thought "what's the point, it'll do well cos it's John Wick".<br/><br/>Just reminds me of Transporter with Jason Statham (hollow with little to no story)...run out of bullets?...no problem so have your enemies.<br/><br/>John Wick was epic but has been sliding down since. High style, high production values. Most of the dialogue is rubbish lol I loved the first one, liked the second one pretty well, but I sure do miss Michael Nyqvist - that's the effect this one has on me. It's *very* cartoonish - they all are, but this one is all shortcuts, movie memes, if you will. Feel sorry for Halle Berry and Angelica Huston - their lines are terrible. So, yeah, watchable, enjoyable, but a little cringe-worthy. Maybe the 4th one will get back to form. A great continuation of the survival path of John. The photography is simply beautiful. The locations connect together and move the story without any disappointment. Very satisfying that the character is traveling overseas. The world of John is steadily revealing itself to the spectator. The plot comes to be very violent. John is escaping. Seeks exit so he turns for help to his past. Somehow doing so he is getting deeper into the war. The war which has sparked among the power hungry players. He battles all the way. He is respected thus highly priced, an unmatched pawn. Only his dog is unconditionally faithful to him. A lot of good work has been done for this movie. Nevertheless, it inspires a few times. Mostly it is like a bus ride for sightseeing. The battle interactions overwhelm the characters' interactions. Also, it is as a gambling game that will never end. Might be that the story is diverging a bit too much from the initial idea. New characters, more administrative involvement, lots of guns and combat tech. Choreographies are not impressive after a certain point. The executions are like signatures in the action sequences. Bonus material movie is long but it can entertain well and probably give a better picture of John's world. Conflict scenarios are extremely well thought and give much value to the film. Gunfight challenges image and John learns. Will not consider it a virtual game copy. It keeps somehow the motion picture quality. This is the magic coming from this movie: it won't pass the into comic or game territory. Personally, watched it plenty of times. Enjoy! After thoroughly enjoying the first and second instalments of John Wick I had high expectations for the third movie. The initial appeal of the John Wick franchise was due to a fresh idea, interesting storyline, great fight scenes and great editing and special effects.<br/><br/>Unfortunately with this movie the fight scenes (although done well) have been dialled up to 11 whilst leaving all other important aspects of filmmaking dwindling as an afterthought. The storyline is an amazing concept but is overshadowed by stupidity long fight scenes and some less than ideal scriptwriting.<br/><br/>The movie could have been 30 minutes shorter and still had been as entertaining. The fight scene with Halle Berry and her dogs was the highlight of the film, it was done so well. If only the amount of effort put into that 10 minutes of the film was carried over to the rest it would have been half decent.<br/><br/>If you liked the first two movies you will of course have to sit through this one but just don't go into it with high expectations. A solid redemption from the second film.<br/><br/>I'll do my best to review without spoilers.<br/><br/>John Wick introduced us into the shadowy fictional underground of assassins and mobsters. John Wick 2 bored us with cheesy dialogue and repetitive gun-play. John Wick 3 redeems itself both in scale and variety.<br/><br/>Let's start with the set pieces. John Wick 1 & 2 were heavy in the dark, neon-lit places of the underworld. Parabellum expands on this world and brings him out into the light.<br/><br/>Loved the creative direction they went with this film.<br/><br/>Right from the beginning, we're introduced into some unorthodox action. Yet, not all is action and rough one-liners. Some humor is added into this film, breaking up the monotony.<br/><br/>And those fighting styles! Before watching this, I thought I was going to be bored with an hour and a half of pure gun-play. Parabellum impresses us with a variety of different fighting styles and weapons. From the use of hand-to-hand, belts, horses, books, and even dogs in combat, Parabellum stands out. Pretty much all the fighting sequences is over-the-top and impressive. There is something new around every corner of this movie. Add in the fact that Keanu Reeves is doing all his own stunts solidifies his status as an action hero staple.<br/><br/>But not all is well. There are a few points that ruined my suspension of belief.<br/><br/>For starters, civilians don't seem to react to anything going around them. People are killed left and right and even in some of the most public places in the world. Gun shots ring throughout the city, yet no one calls a single police officer. Crazy over-the-top gun fighting and car chases are occurring on the streets and no one seems to notice. Not like NYC is a major city or anything (/sarcasm).<br/><br/>Then there are the characters. We see some impressive new characters but they disappear as fast as they are introduced. There was some room for character development that was skipped for sake of the action and time. Such a shame and I hope that the next installment resolves some of this.<br/><br/>There are also some improbable and lucky spots that allows John to survive. I get it that he's a master assassin, but he's not a superman invincible to the same laws of physics that bind us all.<br/><br/>Oh well, I hope JW4 continues the upward trajectory of the series.<br/><br/>3.5/5. A better improvement over the 2nd installment, but not as good as the original. I wanted the 3rd one to be at least as good as the 1st and 2nd. But i was wrong. The movie is lacking story, its too intense and unreal. The man gets shot, stabbed,... But he cant die... The problem is becouse in the movie its too much fighting, basicly all the time he is shooting or killing someone. As I said. I wasnt really impressed. But its a still good movie to watch if you are bored and in need for action. The first 30 minutes I thought, it is a good beginning. But later it fell apart, all the fighting scenes. Why? In my opinion too long and too much One thing I like to share, when John enter in N.Y library, my first thought was "I would spent a lot time reading in that library", then when John talk with the librarian I said "la Divina Commedia please". When Ernest said verses from Inferno, *waw* I got crazy :D Action scenes are good to watch. Makes the atmosphere excited enough.
Although the storyline a little bit straightforward The first two films were great fun; the fighting was tightly choreographed and fast moving, John Wick 3, however, had very little of that - fight scenes lasted too long and the realism, such as it is, got lost - I was bored with it. Halle Berry did well with her character, but her inclusion just added to the films lack of realism in my book.<br/><br/>I think it's a solid 6/10 - I gave it's predecessors, respectively, 8.5/10 and 8/10. Too much of everything. Keanu is extraordinary, but cannot compensate for a boring fight and kill movie. Sorry. Believe me I love John wick! But this franchise has made him into an overpowered, invincible, and basically just killing machine with no room for character development anymore. I couldn't believe I actually got really sleepy in the theater After Keanu got thrown through shattered glass for the 156th time, I started to laugh. I thought it had to be a joke, but it wasn't .... I loved the first two. The fight scenes were better. The fight scenes in these were not the same. They should have left Halle Berry out. Her fight scenes were ridiculous. They were so fake. I also didn't enjoy them making her seem more tough than John. If they would have cast someone else in her place, and had more of a story, and better scenes, it would have been better. They done so much fighting, I think they run out of ways to kill, and Choreography. It was not near as serious, and the scenes was not built up the same. It was a shell of the other two movies. I hate it, that I feel this way. I loved the first two. I hope they can save it with the next one. I feel like someone else took this over. They may have. Like new directors, or something. Loved parts 1 and 2 but this was dissapointing to say the least. Fight scenes got ridiculous. No proper storyline. Like watching a video game. I hoped this would finally come to an end. A well deserved end. But instead we will soon have to live with another John Wick movie. Of course it's entertaining and of course KR plays it just right. But it's pure carnage. Story.. well.. I don't think that's why people watch it. I hope KR will make movies which require acting skills rather than choreography for fight scenes. I enjoyed the first two installments of John Wick very much but I felt this movie was too much over the top. It has no real plot and the action is just not real. It looks like other movies of this type where they have to up the game every sequel until it becomes ludicrous. The gore was too much considering this was a cartoon version of John Wick. I just wish they would stick with what made the first movies successful and not try to outdo themselves each time. How could anybody give this movie more than five stars? There's no plot and it pretty much is 90% fight scenes with the same kind of moves in using of knives and guns. It was just completely boring. Bad dialogue nothing of value. This was such a waste of time and money . Each movie in the John Wick series just keeps getting better and better People write that there's too much repetitiveness and Gore. I wonder why there is so much of that. People seem to forget what a bounty means. Of course there's gonna be a lot of fighting scenes. This movie is a masterpiece especially with the musical score. I even agree that the repetitiveness is unreal but for a bounty of that high expect a lot of action. This became one of my favorite movies because of the action in this movie, it really does keep the viewer on the edge of their seat. They spent a lot care in the lighting and action coordination but then skimp on the storyline...
how this got such high ratings is beyond me How do they keep coming up with this stuff. Totally amazing. Shows what hard work can do. I also like that he pulled in people that he has worked with in the past. Can't wait for the next chapter. Better run High Table. This is the best franchise in the history of action films. This movie is better than the last and the films seems to keep that pattern. Being a typical non action movie liking female I liked part 1 and 2 (1 more) & was actually somewhat excited for John wick 3,,, but like other reviewers have said this one had no good storyline, seemed just like a big fat money making garbage boring 2 hours - n obviously leading us into a John wick 4 with a ridiculous unrealistic Jason from Friday the 13th style ending...I mean John wicks a human right?? The only part I liked was him cutting his own finger off for sum stupid reason just cuz it was so dumb lmao,,,,.turned on Harold n Kumar escape from Guatanimo Bay when it was finally over n laughed for 2 hours- much better lolz Excellent Action, Firefights, Plot Development, Locations. But who in casting picked such a dreadful, boring, undramatic and visually uninspiring person for this role? Why was this role even created? Are we as viewers really supposed to believe that the "High Table" is going to delegate such power in the underworld of assassins to a character as bland, unthreatening and pointless as a reject hipster, lollapalooza groupie as this one? Verisimilitude? Out the window! It's very interesting to see this film that started off as a simple gun-fu action flick has spawned two sequels under its belt. I did like the second one, but felt that it lacked a few things that I loved about the first film. With this third entry, I do have to say that this may be better than the previous film and delivers a whole bunch of great moments that I simply enjoyed to witness. As this continues exactly where it was left off, you see John Wick trying to escape and I thought the film didn't disappoint. I'm still invested in this world of assassins and I liked seeing some of the returning characters. Just like how he was in the previous films, Keanu Reeves shows more of his acton chops than his acting ones. However, he is still entertaining to watch and I'm amazed with the stuff he did here. Despite that, I enjoyed the rest of the cast. Ian McShane is still cool as ever and I really liked how over the top Laurence Fishburne was.<br/><br/>Personally, I thought that the pacing was much better here compared to its predecessor. Loved the first act as tensions were high and just watching John Wick trying to escape was very entertaining. With time ticking, I gripped my hands, just wondering how he would escape and how the film delivers the actions sequences here was absolutely amazing. The second act does slow down a bit and it is provided as a breather, but it doesn't slow down one bit and it still provides the entertainment. This is where we are introduced to some of the new characters, understanding more of the lore and rules that are followed in this world and we get to know more of John Wick's background. I liked the addition of Halle Berry here as with the amount of screen time she has here, I was interested in her character and when it came to her time to shine, she really delivered. She was so cool in this film and watching her shoot down a lot of baddies and kicking a whole bunch of butt was fun. With the final act, you get the full on action sequences that has a bit of good humor sprinkled throughout these fights. It lacked the overall tension in the first act, but I still had a blast and was fully entertained with all of the shootings and fist fights. With great choreography, setting and kills, there were several moments that did have me squirming and just react as if I was watching a pro-wrestling match.<br/><br/>The story is still lacking as this is a full on action flick, but with how everything played out, I rather enjoyed this adventure and really liked how everything played out. However, saying that I did have a few gripes toward the overall movie. With some of the new characters, they come and go so quickly to the point that it had me wondering what other purpose do they have in this movie. Maybe they will be added to the sequel, if it gets made, but with who we were introduced to, I felt that the subplots with them could have been woven together with the plot more carefully to make it a better film. Technically, there is no plot and I understand that this film is simply made to show off some very cool action. However, by having a bit more plot and providing more depth to the characters, it would make it stand on its feet more and allow more opportunities to expand the franchise. And yet, maybe I'm just looking way too seriously into this film.<br/><br/>But still, this is a great action flick and surprisingly still holds its ground. I do look forward to see what they do next and really had fun watching this film. I must admit i was curious as to how this film would be approached....suffice to say it did NOT dissapoint!!! This movie did not outstay its welcome at anypoint and was entertaining from start to finish (yes, for 2hours 10mins, all the way). The story never outdid itself in a sense of "Action for Action sake". The humour was still present in the right places and the choreography for the action sequences was remarkable, you can really see and appreciate the time and effort all acting bodies have put into their roles. I look forward to the future of the franchise and hope to see it continue Hurtling through the astonishingly violent John Wick 3: Parabellum, the third installment of Chad Stahelski's successful series starring Keanu Reeves as the titular character, I was confused as to whether I was watching a movie or whether I was in some sort of VR video game walkthrough, so immersive was the experience. In the Blade Runner-esque dystopian metropolis of the film, professional hitman, Wick, has killed a member of the so-called "High Table", the international assassins' guild, and, consequently, has a sizeable bounty on his head. Thus, the bulk of the film is devoted to Wick as the running target, combating fellow assassins which come at him left, right, and centre.<br/><br/>It has been some time since I watched the first and second John Wick films, but even with my hazy memory of them, I know they came off much better than this third outing, which is basically for lovers of superfluous violence. However, I have to concede that the special effects which enabled this eye-watering violence were visually impressive. Perhaps it didn't help that the cinema in which I was watching the film was blasting intolerably loud Dolby Digital 7.1 surround sound into my lugholes. (That's slang for ears, by the way...). The script, in many cases, is very thin, and some of the one-liners could have been penned by a 10 year old, particularly the last one of the movie, delivered by Reeves himself. He does what he does best - acting in a typically wooden manner, and erstwhile Bond girl, Halle Berry, appears as John's aid in his mission, before swiftly disappearing. I hope she was paid well for what was pitifully small screen time.<br/><br/>Finally, the only redeeming features of the film, in my eyes, were the small, comical appearances by British actor, Ian McShane, of television's Lovejoy, who has found some success in American cinema, it has to be said. Though, admittedly, even he looked a bit jaded. Perhaps it's time to hang up your weapons, and all-black attire, Mr. Wick? In an attempt to take the story of the immortal assassin Baba Yaga ahead, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum unleashes a flurry of tedious actions sequences that just do not end and makes the viewer go numb which is still not as worse as the lack of heroism available here to relish, the very heroism that made the first two films likable. TN. For the story line it was important you you saw 1 and 2 but from there it just became a survival and vengeance movie that we have seen so many times. I haven't finished the movie yet and "horror of horrors" may never.<br/><br/>No riveting story just bang bang you're dead and this one man is able to kill so many. Just dull, boring and worthless. Sigh Whilst the plot is pretty straight forward; a man fighting for survival against insurmountable odds, John Wick still should have died at the end. There doesn't need to be a 4th film. All in all for an out and out action film, I liked it, the fight scenes are impressive and very well choreographed, even if a tad unbelievable and that's cinema. Ridiculous fight scenes, immortal protagonist, rubbish bad guy's, but the addition of Mark Dacascos was a good move, rubbish actor, fantastic martial artist. He did at least stand out from the cannon fodder. But John Wick still should have died to wrap this saga up. The fight scenes seem badly choreographed perhaps cause I'm watching it on mute I finally figured it out towards the end of the movie, what this crap is. It's a streamer, playing with his fans. Most of them just do it to be live on his broadcast, all of them don't want to really hurt the streamer, they are all his biggest fans, they most likely could beat the streamer but it would make him look bad.<br/><br/>Literally the entire movie, no real spoilers cause there is nothing to spoil. Basically they don't wanna kill him, they wanna die by his hand, they love him and idolize him. So just go to twitch and watch any big streamer play games. Shroud is one of the best examples, he has 20 kills, 10 of which at least are naked fans that just jump out and let Shroud kill them. Only in this case, it's 20 out of 20.<br/><br/>Stay away from the movie if you want a serious and good movie or at least a decent cool calculated one like the first Wick movie. If you just want action and brainless fighting, go ahead. Also 7.7 hell no. 5/10 at most but I detest this illogical crap with plot armor, so 3/10 for me. I'm not an admirer of action thrillers, but I do understand how the John Wick series of films works for a particular audience. I am not familiar with the source material here. Mediocre story telling and acting, but impressive action choreography. It has become that hyper violent action films done in high visual style are a new popular admired film genre. Seems like comic book action is the source and inspiration here. John Wick and Dredd are the best action films to come out of Hollywood in the last decade. John Wick 2 carried on with the interesting world building, unsurpassed fight choreography and superbly shot scenes. So could they up the ante with yet another John Wick entry?<br/><br/>The answer is yeah.... pretty much.<br/><br/>While some of the shine has come off the scintillating gun play and the story is very lean, it still works because of the practical effects, long, uninterrupted camera shots and dedication of the actors and stunt crew to provide incredible fight scenes you won't find elsewhere. This is not your superhero movie, headache-inducing CGI action... this is as real as it gets.<br/><br/>The addition of Halle Berry's character and her dogs (a jaw-dropping sequence unlike anything I've ever seen) was welcome and injected some new life into the story and lore. She obviously took her weapons training as seriously as Keanu Reeves did because she looked just as competent and capable dispatching endless henchmen in elegant style; and still one of the most gorgeous women anywhere.<br/><br/>Our hero fights his way through countless assassins out to claim the bounty on his head and Mark Dacascos (how is this guy not a bigger star?) is a bright spot as Zero, the master of a sushi chef clan of ninjas working for the "High Table". Keanu looks tired by the end and I hoped he would finally get his rest but it seems there is one more chapter to be added to this story.<br/><br/>I'm still interested enough to look forward to it. There's no way John can escape from the rain of bullets unless force is with him.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 - Parabellum is a treat for the action movie lovers, and solidifies the era of Keanu Reeves. This movie does little more work towards the lore of the world, and it shouldn't take too long for a spin-off to get started. This feels very much like Fast and Furious franchise, where they started as street racing movie and now the only thing they've not done is going to the moon. Exactly like them, John wick started as a revenge story of mob assassin and now we've seen that 80% population of Newyork is killer and there's a strange dude lives in the middle of a desert.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I loved this movie. I can't even think of the amount of hard work has gone into choreographing the action scenes, and each one looks different. What surprised me in this movie, is the amount of dark humor, I wasn't expecting that at all. Also, some of the killings were extremely creative and gross, you could hear "awwwh" in some of the death in the theater.<br/><br/>Other than action scenes, the movie is very well-paced and the background score is awesome. The music when High Table's storm-troopers come into Continental hotel, is haunting.<br/><br/>However, this movie doesn't have repeat value. Movies like prestige and pulp fiction or fight club are like wine, which get better with time and with every re-watch. On the contrary, you'll find more and more plot holes in John Wick 3 on second viewing. Well it's an action movie, so plot holes are expected but for the sake of it, here're few:<br/><br/>1. Why did John Wick-fanboy was working for The high Table? Were they paying him? Why not kill him before he fled the city, why wait for High table to approach you?<br/><br/>2. What was the purpose of John to see that Desert man? Seriously I've no idea.<br/><br/>3. Why John went to see Halle Berry, to see her boss? Does he the only one who knew how to find the desert man?<br/><br/>But who am I kidding? This is the movie where 5 people can die in a crowded station and no one will turn their head.<br/><br/>This movie is in its own universe and what it does, it has done it with perfection. I am just waiting for John to say, "I am John Wick" in next movie. Did not get past 20 minutes and am a fan. Close the curtain. Very minor spoilers<br/><br/>I loved this movie like I loved the previous ones but a few things really annoyed me.<br/><br/>Why the hell is he a Roma/ Gypsy? How does this even make sense? So the Russians are actually Belarusian Gypsies? But nothing aside from the main boss women's clothing indicates they are Gypsies. What gypsies are obsessed with ballet and stuff. It just felt very wrong. It would have made more sense if they had some sort of trailer park / tent and or their base was a circus. Bit more stereotypical, but just strange to me that they made him Roma. Roma are mostly involved in minor crime like pickpocketing and prostitution they aren't an ultra organized gang that control Russian mob and create super assassins.<br/><br/>They try to be so PC but the manager of the Moroccan intercontinental is an African American female? And the other big guy in Morroco (boss of the mint) is this European white dude? I mean... why not use Moroccans or at least Arabs/Berbers.<br/><br/>And leaders of the table are some Arab bedouins? What? ... I mean seriously, what?! Why? Why didn't John just kill them right then and there? From what I saw they had zero protection kt was just a tent caravan with a bunch if colorfully dressed Bedouins.<br/><br/>There is this scene where they are fighting and John puts a book infront of the villains head and hits the..book? That was dumb. Cool that he used the book to break his jaw and neck moments later but that first part was bad choreography.<br/><br/>
Also there was this part where they were fighting amid stone vats filled with "molten gold". It was in the Moroccan mint where they made the golden assassin coins. The molten gold literally looked like liquid gold. That's not how molten metal looks. It should have been bright white/orange.<br/><br/>
Merhaba means "welcome" not "welcome back"<br/><br/>And I don't understand why he didn't cut his finger like the yakuza, like the top.of it. He removed almost all of the finger weakening his hand tremendously John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is the newest action-comedy from the Matrix stunt coordinator Chad Stahelski. The movie is starring Neo, Morpheus and the Keymaker from the Matrix, Morticia Addams from the Addams Family and Professor Trevor 'Broom' Bruttenholm from Hellboy. And you thought John Wick 2 was getting silly.<br/><br/>The script is a mess of random actions and occurrences that don't lead to anything, really. This had to be an inside joke since they emphasize the word "consequences" multiple times in this film. The story just writes itself where it needs to be. Lots of different locations and racial stereotyping are just there for color, not connected to anything. The movie sometimes spills out half-baked philosophy or random Latin adage with a straight face, thinking that it is in fact - very smart.<br/><br/>John Wick has even less character in this. I have no idea what he is supposed to be at this point in the franchise. They give some vague hints on his past, giving him a silly-sounding name and a Belarussian childhood or something (which was hilarious since I live in Ukraine, near Belarus). Throughout the movie, JW has like 10-20 lines of dialogue. He never does anything besides killing people violently and his moral choices make no sense. He takes an oath only to immediately abandon it, making the first hour of the movie essentially pointless. But this doesn't mean anything anyway since the ending fixes itself. And as it turns out, nobody really cared about John Wick in the first place. This may sound like a joke, but in fact, the development he has received in the first film is all we get for this trilogy.<br/><br/>Judging the movie as a full experience is not that easy though. It has some good professional stuns (yet if you pay close attention you can spot some clues and pauses in the fight scenes, like someone waiting for his part and more). While I do prefer The Raid brawls to John Wick ones, I can appreciate the absence of shaky cam, actual long takes, and good visibility during the fights in JW3. The shooting parts were mostly ok, nothing that creative though. I loved some of the new ideas they've used, like adding dogs to the mix. There are some very good scenes with a decent flow of action. Action-wise, my only problem was that it was sort of becoming a little boring as the movie went on. I think this happened because JW himself is boring and immortal, you can never care about him since you know nothing bad can happen to him. Bike chases, horse chases, yea, this was getting a little repeatable. This could've worked better if they would've used real blanks instead of CGI blood and muzzle flashes. I was also surprised to see Mark Dacascos in good shape. He did some good stunts as well at his age. His character is trash, though.<br/><br/>So, by the time I was getting tired of the action pieces I had nothing to grab on. Nothing to interest me in this film besides stupidity and low level misplaced humor. Everybody just became straight out of video-game characters. We now have enemy waves, NPC crowds that never reacts to people getting killed around them, bullet-sponge enemies, and mission status updates.<br/><br/>I got a little confused with the references in this, though. John Wick directly referencing his line in the Matrix "Guns, lots of guns", Winston mentions Baba Yaga, a Russian folk-tale character out of the new Hellboy, in which Winston plays Prof. Broom. All these bizarre casting decisions, having Mark Dacascos as a Japanese man...I mean, I don't even know anymore.<br/><br/>Overall good stuff in this: nice stuns (yet slowly becoming boring), good cinematography, nice color correction and shots composition (dark red and blue gritty film).<br/><br/>Could've been better if they would've made this darker, had less kills, make JW vulnerable, explore his hurt inside, play around gun and assassination philosophy and add more visual style to this. It's harder and harder to enjoy JW movies just cause how blown up they've become.<br/><br/>What if feels like is a movie written by a 15 y.o. action movie fan, or a 35 y.o. dude who was a 15 y.o. action movie fan in the 90s, but never grew up. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is an action film that delights, practically revels, in violence - so much so that one can reasonably draw comparisons to the visceral sequences in other contemporary foreign action films like The Raid series (which is fitting considering Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman, who both star in The Raid and The Raid 2, appear in this film). It's also not too shy of developing its narrative either, or more accurately, its world-building. What was once a humble little world in the first film in the series is now an ever-expanding labyrinth of alliances and hidden societies that make you question how deep these organizations (and Wick's relationships) run. Chapter 3's cast is largely the same, with a few highlights like Sofia (Halle Berry) and her vicious pack of dogs or the Adjudicator as a compelling antagonist, being suitably arrogant and condescending. The plot is also straightforward enough as to be expected, with its ending being particularly noteworthy. Winston's apparent betrayal of John Wick feels earned, seems in-character and I didn't see it coming at all, which is more than can be expected of many action movie plot twists. But make no mistake: despite my praise for the film's world design, much of the film's emphasis is still placed on the action sequences as it should be.<br/><br/>There's so much action in fact to the point where, near the end, my eyes were starting to get numb to what was happening onscreen. Wait, am I really going to criticise an action movie for having too much action? Well, kinda...sorta...not really. Look, the action and cinematography for all of the sequences was entertaining and it always, at the very least, kept things fresh through the choreography, camera work, environment and lighting. And the film knew what it was and didn't try to be anything more than an intense, stylised, action extravaganza. As a complete package though? It doesn't excel at everything, but it didn't necessarily need to. In all, I'd say John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is highly entertaining if somewhat exhausting, but it's still well worth a watch. But if you're a John Wick fan, you didn't need me to tell you that.<br/><br/>Overall: mid-to-high 7/10, maybe low 8/10. The film is simply a succession of long, boring fight scenes with no story in between.<br/><br/>John Wick is made ex-communicado after what happened in the second film. He fights his way out of the city to the Moroccan desert, calling in a couple of favours on the way, to try and have the bounty placed on his head removed. Then he goes back to New York to carry out his penance (or not).<br/><br/>If you wonder how this weak plot can take over 2 hours, it is because John Wick has to fight waves of (supposedly) the world best assassins every 5 minutes. And yes after the 4th fight, it's already boring.
Even the fight scenes are ridiculous. Humans barely flinching at getting knife after knife embedded in their bodies, head smashed into glass cabinets or being punched in the privates. Actors carrying out the obvious choreography with little emotion like they are thinking of the next move and setting it up slowly. And bad CGI.<br/><br/>If you like your films to have a half decent story with some depth and tension, you won't like this film. This third instalment had nowhere further it could go yet tried to go there anyway. It's by no means poor but doesn't match the previous films heights. The first two films found the bleeding edge of all in action. Parabellum tries to go further and necessarily ends up being a film that's dangerously close to parodying itself and that's where this film lives - in the space between full-on and parody with the fight in the knife armoury being an example as is their spokeswoman who remains bafflingly immune from any harm or even attempted harm by some unspoken pact. You never get the feeling that it's completely lost it but that thought is constantly hovering. A few of the action scenes come across as choreographed too which I never felt in the first two and the "high table" top villains seem to be caricatures, living in some alternate reality adding to that sense of the line being at least probed if not outright crossed.
Halle Berry does a fine job as do the dogs. It's by no means a bad film but simply had a high standard to aspire to but couldn't match. As ever each individual will draw their own line between full-on and parody. If you move the line (only a little) one way it becomes a great film whilst a nudge the other leaves you disbelieving. I think this was the biggest action movie of this decade 'cause the actions were not just gun fights but Kung Fu and martial art was also involved in this movie. When Sofia was fighting, I presumed for 15 minutes that this movie's name is really John Wick or it's Sofia and the two dogs. Both the dogs and Sofia was really good in fighting. I seriously injoyed this movie and the ending was tariffing because who knows which level will 4th part go. I am so excited for 4th one. It has some of the best actions in the John Wick franchise but why did he cut his finger if he betrayed them? Despite the poor editing and massive plot hole, i.e. if the hotel is a safe haven and assassins cant kill John there, then why was Winston expected to kill him there?, I still enjoyed the movie, although not as much as the previous two. The fight choreography was also poor and even cringeworthy in places and the editing somehow managed to miss out simple muzzle flashes, I mean seriously? Never the less, I still found myself entertained so I am probably being generous with my rating. The most dissapointing movie from the series! 2 hours only with fights and gun shots. For stupid and kids...! 😐 Loved the first two films and this one blew me away just as much as them! These movies are perfect! One of the greatest trilogies of all time! I like my action flicks, swordplay and gun play.... but if I watch a movie I also want a story and character development.... and unfortunately this movie does not have much of that..... people from John Wick former life drop in a out of the movie.... (I have seen the other movies and it still made little sense).
The fact that John Wick seems to be a Terminator in disguise is another unbelievable factor... he gets hit by cars, bullets and knives and just takes it like a walk in the park.
The first few fight sequences are good ... but by the 100th fight you get a little bored .... the Casablanca fight sequence was the worst though.... guys just running in from off camera with knives and their bare fists wanting to die apparently.... running to a guy with a loaded weapon..... it was actually laughable. But dig take downs get bonus points ... but again it felt staged - if you had any weapon those dogs would be dead.
The scale is just getting way too ridiculous. The amount of damage this guy does would be having the UN getting involved. So so so so good with a little more ketchup!!
God bless Keanu Reeves.❤❤❤❤ Every second was entertaining filled with great action scenes <ul><li>actors clearly committed to the role</li><li>choreography of action scenes is insane</li><li>each action sequence is unique</li><li>however; the viewer does become use to the violence and by the end, it doesn't hit you as hard as compared to the beginning of the film</li></ul> I only wonder why we didn't see any police despite all the shootings and killings? Long on style and short on substance this 2nd sequal will suck you in. Until Halley Berry shows up. She can't act. Never could and we KNOW why she got an Oscar.<br/><br/>To be honest the only reason to watch this film is the unrelenting violence. And it's graphic. Really to the point that it should have an "X" rating. Kenau Reeves workout prep for this movie was impressive but he can't act either. But with moves like that he doesnt need to.<br/><br/>The plethora of knifings, head shots and bone breaking he does throughout this 2+ hour movie will get him thru.<br/><br/>Is there any wonder we have violence issues in the US when Hollywood keeps glamorizing it? The more violent the bigger the box office!<br/><br/>His ju-jitsu gets him through the If all you want is to see people killed then this is the film for you. Yes the sets were good but what about a decent storyline!
Won't be watching John Wick 4 in a hurry. The fight scenes in the 1st half were so good. The Asian fighters were so phenomenal when they were beating Wick but then when it was their turn to be beaten obviously they suddenly slowed down to suit Reeves's slow motion. Absolutely really quite trashy actually, it just doesn't have any depth to it?.. its more a transporter type film, which goes from assassins with class in the prequels, to an all out OTT mish mash miscast madness. If not for keanu Reeves holding this film by his lonesome it would be a huge flop!. So for that it's 6 . I enjoyed only 3 minutes when he killed the guy in water and three minutes after, the lines is old to be used , and he is superhero not a man!! People say there is no plot, why would I care when there is jaw dropping action scenes everywhere. You would only need the edge of your seat Ok, those people complaining that it had no plot, there was a plot. But, it was really just as simple as John being excommunicato and he is supposed to be the best of the best so he's just trying to survive. Yes, there could have been some kind of character growth, I'll agree to that. However, the fight scenes, as unrealistic as some are (let's face it, most high action movies have unrealistic fights and stunts), were pretty original and cool in my opinion. Especially the dogs scene, which was my favorite. They had to think outside the box here after the last 2 movies, and I think they accomplished that. I loved all the movies in the franchise. I'm not sure about a 4th with the way this one ended. I feel like they might be pushing it now, but no one can kill John Wick. I had my doubts about a 3rd with overkill, but I really enjoyed this film. Based on the reviews being so black and white, you'll have to judge for yourself. Got to say I loved the first 30 minutes. There was so much tension, picking up where no. 2 left off. After the initial drama and the plot thickens, I feel the fight scenes become repetitive (how many times was John put through glass vs. 2 students?), there was 'cheesey' hollywood moments (some dog scenes and Hallie berry's attachment to them. I'd have preferred a more realistic, yet sentimental, angle. Similar to JW 1) and the end felt rather vapid. I would have much preferred if it were all part of the a bigger move vs. high table. This all feels like a setup for lots of sequels and ultimately, less quality content and more flashing lights..."just add water" sort of story-line. This is a movie for the masses, blockbuster, sfx and people who like slapstick action. Still good, just not better than a 7/10. John Wick 3 feels more like a generic action film than a John Wick movie. Wick's character feels diminished, the action less authentic, and the story lacking in comparison. It's still pretty good, but ultimately nowhere near its predecessors. Also it really doesn't need to be 130 minutes.<br/><br/>7/10. Non-stop action and a woman that was close to Keanu's age. Too bad she couldn't be a love interest but that may be too much to ask. John Wick 3 - Parabellum is the best of the 3.<br/><br/>This film starts up where #2 ended John Wick (Keanu Reeves) is running through the streets of New York having been given 1 hour to get out for breaking the rules. (Killing a man on Continental grounds.)<br/><br/>As time breaks down to 6pm, Wick frantically looks for ways to escape and as word gets out he is now excommunicado this becomes increasingly more difficult. He finds himself it the library where he has hidden a stash of gold etc. within a book of Russian literature. This book becomes the weapon of choice to dispatch the first assailant.<br/><br/>6 pm... now every one is after him as a $14 million bounty has been put on his head. What follows is a high body count as Wick is chased through the streets of New York and he dispenses every person attacking him in very imaginative ways. Horses, knives, guns and shear brutality are used.<br/><br/>As this is happening an adjudicator from the High Table (Asia Kate Dillon) turns up at the Continental and gives Winston (Ian McShane) 7 days to get his affairs in order before he is then replaced. His punishment for defying the High Table and letting Wick live. Naturally Winston is not happy having given 40 years service.<br/><br/>Meanwhile Wick has turned up at a theatre owned by a Belorussian (Angelica Houston) and demands that she help him escape New York to Casablanca. "I have a ticket I want to cash it in" reluctantly she agrees a safe passage knowing this will defy the Table and bring certain death to the theatre.<br/><br/>Meanwhile the adjudicator has recruited a Japanese gang to help dish out the punishment and visits The Bowery King (Lawrence Fishburne) and again gives him 7 days to get his affairs in order and relinquish his throne. His punishment for helping Wick with 7 bullets. This amuses The Bowery King who refuses to budge.<br/><br/>Wick has now reached Casablanca and as he walks through the streets word has got out that he is there and he is soon cornered within the alleys. More bodies mount up lucky for some Sofia (Halle Berry) has granted him amnesty and he is taken to The Continental, which she is in charge of.<br/><br/>Wick asks for her help, which despite having a marker refuses to do. The marker was for Wick getting her daughter to safety and away from the High Table. If she helps Wick she knows her daughter wouldn't be safe. Reluctantly she takes him to see Berrada (Jerome Flynn) and Wick asks for guidance as to where the High Table elder can be found. Berrada gives the information but at a price, one of Sofia's beloved dogs. Sofia refuses so Berrada shoots one as punishment.<br/><br/>What follows is pure brutality and a high body count as both Wick and Sofia shoot, punch, stab and use her dogs to kill assailants on the streets of Casablanca and within the Continental.<br/><br/>Having escaped into desert Sofia's marker is now complete and Wick must now walk through the desert alone and find elder in which he seeks a meeting with. On the edge of death a group of nomads find him and deliver him to who we now know is the elder. The elder asks what does Wick seek? What does he have to offer in return? All Wick wants is to remember his wife and to have the chance to love again.<br/><br/>This the elder agrees to however on one condition, Wick must complete a task. That task being to kill Winston. If he does this then his contract will be cancelled and he will become an assassin again without the price on his head. Wick agrees and in return offers his wedding finger and ring in loyalty to the High Table.<br/><br/>Meanwhile back in New York, the adjudicator returns to the Bowery King and asks whether he will stand down? He laughs in her face and again refuses to stand down. As punishment he must now receive 7 cuts for the 7 bullets and this is duly dealt with and we assume the King is dead.<br/><br/>Wick has returned to New York, and is hunted down by the Japanese gang who turn out to be huge fans of Wick and this provides a few comedy moments within the film. Thankfully, Wick makes it back to the Continental and as the assailant is about to bring the sword down on Wick, the Concierge comes to his rescue and reminds everyone rules are rules and no man will be killed upon the grounds of the Continental.<br/><br/>Wick seeks a meeting with Winston who upon meeting realises that Wick is here to kill him. The adjudicator turns up and asks Winston will he stand down? Which of course he refuses to do and will Wick kill Winston? Which of course he refuses to do. As a result of this the New York Continental is de-consecrated meaning anyone can be killed on the grounds and all rights and privileges offered by the High Table are no more.<br/><br/>What follows is a huge gun fight involving Winston, Wick and the Concierge and a large body count with heads being blown off. There are some really great fight scenes involving Wick and the Japanese gang and just when you think Wick is down and out he kills the leader and wounds the others.<br/><br/>The adjudicator calls a cease fire and Winston will get his hotel back with all of its privileges if he offers his undying loyalty to the High Table, which he duly does. However, not before killing Wick who falls from the roof on to the streets of New York. The adjudicator is suspicious and looks for the body of Wick but it has disappeared.<br/><br/>It turns out the Bowery King is not dead after all and his group of underground vigilantes have taken Wick to meet him. This puts the wheels in motion for the 4th film rumoured to be out in 2021. The Bowery King is angry and wounded and wants revenge on the High Table and will Wick go after Winston for what he did?<br/><br/>I really liked this film it is one of those where you can take your brain out and enjoy it for what it is. Halle Berry surprised me as well as she was pretty darn good in this film. Keanu Reeves must be one fit man as some of the fight scenes were brutal in terms of length.<br/><br/>If you've seen the first two then you'll know what to expect from this film. Just go out there and enjoy it. If I were grading this purely on the marits of action set pieces, stunt work, and scope of its scenes then John Wick 3 would be a 10/10. However, some story elements seem muddled and abrupt. Some head-scratching plot twists also bog the film down. The main villain is decent but not great, and that doesn't hurt the film as much as it should. The rest of the film makes up for it...Reeves gives his ideal performance here, supporting characters give fine performances too. It blows my mind watching this franchise because I believe they are all 8/10 movies. EXTREMELY ENTERTAINING and have their own strengths. Number 1 has the simplicity and more grounded story. Number 2 has the strong villain and expanded universe. Number 3 has the further expansion of the universe and the strongest action in the series. Hopeully number 4 has the strongest writting. This is the third installment of the John Wick franchise. Keanu Reeves again takes the lead role of John Wick and it is a character he's perfectly suited to.<br/><br/>The plot and writing play second fiddle to the action sequences. For those people who enjoy action movies this will be rich entertainment. There is no doubt that many of the scenes are thrilling action sequences that are occasionally jaw dropping.<br/><br/>Personally I find many of the action sequences pretty hard to follow and it is not really my favourite genre of film. Having said that there's barely time to draw breath and the 2 hours running time quickly flashes by. If you are into action movies and/or Keanu Reeves you'll love this one. Although John Wich chapter 3 is an excellent entertaining movie but introducing John wick as a super hero with extraordinary super power( like Bulletproof ) doesn't make any sense, I felt that I am watching a marvel movie ( at least marvel movie I already knew before that this is a comics book movie).
But this conclusion you will notice after watching the movie but during the movie you will suffering from pain and screaming and you will be afraid from John to attack you in the cinema. This film tells the story of an assassin who kills to evade being killed.<br/><br/>The film is stylish and cool. The blood and violence is endless, and I can't even count how name people are killed. Honestly, towards the end I get a little bored by people getting killed. That said, the film is still an adventure that thrills and excites. My honest opinion is that, if you cannot decide between "Die Hard" kind of movies and Jackie Chan ones, you can easily "enjoy" this movie. Make sure you drank a few coffees before, otherwise you're in big trouble. The only nice parts that I could find were Halle Berry and some beautiful ballerinas, otherwise, it was very painful to watch it, from all the points of view. In this film like a game, the actor doesn't sleep and eat at all, so when he wakes up he immediately fights until the movie ends<br/><br/>far from expected I don't get the hype for these films. I do enjoy them, but it's just mindless action scene to mindless action scene. Apart from that, there isn't much there. I see this films as a lesser Kingsman, which I absolutely love, the difference being, Kingsman has a decent plot. Keanu Reeves is alright as the titular Wick, and the supporting cast are acceptable. The action is able to pull the film through to some extent but I need there to be a little more substance to really enjoy it. Not bad, but I've seen better. The movie contains a lot of great action choreography and decent cinematography.
What misses to be a great movie is that the actors are kind of soso and the storyline is so thin you can look through.
It was entertaining for a while, but after about one hour it was plain boring to watch. All these assassin codes, the rituals and behaviours become pretty dull when you watch it again after you have seen a lot of this already in the first two parts.
Based on the plotline it's pretty predictable that in part 4 the organsation itself will be John Wicks major target ....and then there will be great action choreography and decent cinematography .........and everything else pretty much as in part 3 #johnwick3 7/10 a violent, action packed thrill ride. However I have to admit I got a little bored of all the fighting however a good watch but nothin on the first two John wicks. And John Wick 4 is going to be like a Matrix reunion. Come on I think 3 of these is enough now. I loved the first John Wick, thought it was one of the best films of 2014. Then came John Wick 2, which while enertaining, I didn't consider it to be nearly as enjoyable as its predecessor. The third one improves a bit over 2, but still doesn't capture the magic of the first one. It is certainly a fast paced, action packed movie that has no problem holding your attention, but a shadow of what the original was. Just my 2 cents. This installment is very tedious and fantastical even for John Wick standards. It is still amazing how assassins chose to use knives instead of guns when trying to kill him, but ok :) at the end of the film I was as exhausted as Keanu looked. Still, very entertaining and worth watching. Despite trillion plotholes, this movie earns its credits with awesome high paced Martial Arts action and very creative kills!! This movie will leave you with an awe! John Wick3 is an amazing movie ,the action in it is fantastic John Wick 1 & 2 were great but chapter 3 is simply outstanding.
As usual Keanu Reeves rules but the cinematic brilliance of this movie is surprisingly beautiful.
Each frame is so beautiful you dont wanna miss a frame here. The action sequences are one of the best there have ever been in any movie.<br/><br/>The violence looks like work of art and to say the least is just one word 'beautiful'.
This is easily one of the best action movies ever made kudos to director, cinematographer and actors.
And yeah the soundtrack is amazing too. This is a visual treat to your eyes. A must watch movie for sure hands down. Incredible action movie from start to finish, absolutely epic. Highly recommended. I loved every minute of it. Action packed to the top. I haven't watch a movie when basically the whole movie is a glorified fight scene. It was great. I love the wick story and there was even more to it in this chapter. Like action go see for sure. Total parabellum. John Wick 1 was the first of its kind. John Wick 2 lives up to all the hype. Number 3 set off a chain reaction not even Marvel can fathom. John Wick 3 paid homage to the great 80s action films we all love. Die Hard, lethal Weapon, Terminator, Commando. This movie rocks with real action, not green screen, just good old fashion stunts. The dogs were awesome and overall I thought the best Wick story yet. I'm not a fan of long fights, but this was done masterfully! Great job everyone!
This was like ballet, just slightly different! :D Kudos to everyone involved!
Art!
Dogos, u were BRILLIANT! ♥
Keep Calm and, I can't I'm Malinois! XD ♥ Let's face it. Keanu Reeves and the John Wick franchise have set too high of a new standard for modern action movies, that will hardly be beaten in the next decade or so. Officially put the first Taken movie, any James Bond film and the whole Jason Bourne's series to shame. Where do I start? How about that star rating? Not enough stars. I need to add my own rating to the star rating and it is this: When watching an action movie, how many of your hands are up, how many of your feet are up, are you in the fetal position because your feet and hands are up, and are you watching the screen, and for how long are you in this position?<br/><br/>So I have to add two hands, two feet, fetal position, watching the screen, for the majority of the movie so I'll make that an extra seven points (for length of time spent in this position in a movie theatre seat ever in my life) and here's why: I like action movies, depending upon the characters and the story line; I love martial arts movies; I love beautiful cinematography; and as a writer, I go for anything with a story line that really captivates me. JW3 has it all. I had no rest.<br/><br/>If you haven't seen JW1 and JW2, if you want a story line that invests you in the movie, see the first two (or rewatch them) and then definitely see this on the big screen while you can. In JW1 we learn about John Wick's grief over losing his wife Helen to illness (for whom he had been able to leave his assassin's life) and the murder of the puppy she left him so that he would be consoled after her death. In JW2, he re-enters his role as an assassin against his will. At the end, he breaks a major rule in a society that does, indeed, have rules of conduct, engagement, decorum, and retribution for transgressions. Don't conduct business (assassination) in the Continental.<br/><br/>Within the first ten minutes I had one foot facing the screen. JW3, like JW2, goes full throttle out of the gate. Oh - be sure you use the restroom before the movie starts, because you will have absolutely no breaks.<br/><br/>It all begins in the library, after John Wick asks the cabbie to take his dog back to the Continental. Kudos to Chad Stahelski for making the librarian an important part of this sequence, because she does know where the book is. Important keys to the development of John Wick's history are there. Along with an assassin who isn't willing to wait. A really tall assassin. The martial arts sequence in the stacks of the New York Public Library is mind-blowing. The weapon of opportunity: a book. Humor blow Number One.<br/><br/>But wait-there's more! As John Wick runs down the streets through Chinatown, he's followed. Wonderful to see the first of three homages to The Matrix in this sequence - Keanu Reeves (John Wick) and Tiger Chen (the fishmonger) in a non-stop brutal martial arts fight. One foot up.<br/><br/>And then, the horses. No, not just one (maybe you've seen that on social media already, the horse/motorcycle chase?) Before that, there's the fight sequence in the stables with, I couldn't even keep track, four horses? Five horses? One of the horses definitely gets into the fighting thanks to a slap on the hindquarters from John Wick. I definitely had two feet up by then.<br/><br/>As a writer, I appreciated the increased world-building as the back story of who John Wick is, and how he came to be, unfolds. Despite this interlude from the action, my two feet did not come back to rest on the theatre floor.<br/><br/>No, it's not just about a puppy. Passage granted, brand endured, John Wick heads for Morocco, where there is an old friend. There are more dogs. Sofia's (Halle Berry's) dogs. Sofia runs the Casablanca Continental, and she owes John Wick a debt. During an attempt to help him, her dogs show just what they can do. A gun fight to get out starts when another assassin shoots one of Sofia's dogs (who happens to be wearing Kevlar, of course). The dogs have their own biting way of entering combat, and it's not pretty. Her rationale after it's all over? "He shot my dog." John Wick: "Yeah, I get it."<br/><br/>From the trek across the Saharan sands to find someone who can help John Wick get back to New York in his battle against the organization called the High Table so that he may be free of his assassin's life to just mourn his wife's unexpected passing (a request that comes at a high price) to his encounter with the ninjas led by an assassin named Zero (Mark Descascos - another excellent martial artist who delivers humor at the unlikeliest of times), the action continues in amazing sets, stunningly photographed, revealing that all of the principal actors in this movie aren't just acting - they're also athletes. More on that later.<br/><br/>Wick fights ninjas during a motorcycle chase at the start of the movie, only to encounter them again in glass rooms where everything can be seen and yet they disappear, the fight sequences are over the top not only in comparison to JW2 but for anything I've seen - because this is hand-to-hand combat with actors who have trained in martial arts. That in and of itself makes this movie a must-see for anyone who loves martial arts, cinematography, choreography, weapons training...I could go on.<br/><br/>As a writer, I still want a story. Martial arts without a story doesn't really engage me. With a story? It absolutely does. Stahelski and Reeves as self-named graduates of the Wachowski school of world-building (which they learned while working on The Matrix) do this proud. So proud that the first scene with the Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne) shows him drenched in rain (evocative of his scene in The Matrix where he's rescued - here, he's not). When at the last fight scene John Wick answer's Winston's (Ian McShane) question, "what do you need?" He replies, "Guns. Lots of Guns."<br/><br/>The Adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) who has delivered retribution to the Bowery King and the Director (Anjelica Huston) for their assistance to John Wick waits in the Continental for the gunfire of the last battle to be over quicly. It's not. Let's just say...the last bullets fired set up the scenario for John Wick Chapter 4, because I'm not sure he was wearing a tactical suit (he got a new suit in Morocco - was it? Wasn't it?). And who shoots whom? I'm not saying. The thicken plots (to turn a hackneyed phrase into a spoonerism).<br/><br/>My hands and feet? I can't even remember at which action sequence they ended up all up toward the screen. All I know is that I spent about two hours in my theatre seat in the fetal position, and sometimes, yes I did yell though I didn't cover my eyes.<br/><br/>I'm still blown away. You will be too. As I got up to leave, the man in the seat a couple of rows behind me was speaking to the woman he was sitting beside, saying "I got the time of the movie wrong, now we've seen the end, so why stay?" I looked at him and said, "You have to stay - in the first ten minutes you will totally forget what you just saw." Here's why, and it goes to a comment Chad Stahelski made in response to a question about a potential Academy Award for Best Stuntman/woman. His reply, in short, and JW3 demonstrates this, is that excellent action films are a collaborative effort. JW3 relies on stuntmen (which Reeves is ready to admit he is not - he has a stunt double, Reeves just does action); it relies on actors (Reeves, Berry, Reddick, and others) to learn how to fight in whatever milieu is needed for the plot - martial arts, gunplay, a combination thereof; and in order to show what these people actually do, the cinematography itself.<br/><br/>This movie is an example of how moviemaking is a team effort, that actors learn not just lines but a whole lot more if they want to do an action picture, and that the eye of the photographer (Dan Rautsen) is as important as the director's ability to frame the scene based upon the vision. When the Academy decides to create an award for such a movie, John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum needs to be the benchmark.<br/><br/>Isabeau Vollhardt
author, The Casebook of Elisha Grey scifi/detective e-book series John Wick Franchise's 3rd title 'John Wick: Chapter 3 Parabellum' is treat to watch. The bounty on him shows us that how important and brutal part he is of organisation.
The cast is perfectly organised and Halle Berry is perfect icing on the cake.
Keanu Reeves is the bloody best in the business and he finishing off Ninjas is an absolute pleasure.
Storyline is gripping,the assassin himself saves hisself from being assassinated. Though last few minutes or you can say climax is bit expected but still on the Continental ground,you can't trust anyone. Ending hints down that there will be the fourth chapter in John Wick too. That takes excitement to next levels as I think John Wick Trilogy is so far the best Action Sequels of 21st Century.<br/><br/>If you are an action freak, then movie is must watch. It was really fun to watch I would recommend to everyone. Very entertaining movie, all ready waiting the next one..!!! He sees it, he kills it; except in case if 'it' is a dog.<br/><br/>No one can stand in front of him. He is the one you call to kill the boogeyman. The best thing about these 'John Wick' movies is the bulletproof suits. Keanu Reeves looks dashing in those suits. It should go without saying that the John Wick movies were never intended to be award-winning films by any stretch of the imagination. Sometimes a film can spawn sequels due to fan appreciation and then build a world off the things that audiences grew to love, which in this case, was heavy violence. I'm almost baffled that movies like this are still being made in today's climate, but to be able to look past our daily lives and invest ourselves in fictional stories will hopefully always be around, no matter what the subject matter may be. At times too violent, even by the standards set by the previous two instalments, here's why I believe John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a great action film, but not quite a great movie as a whole.<br/><br/>After making a few bad calls in the previous film, this third instalment follows John Wick once again, as he now has a 14 million dollar bounty on his head, and everyone wants to take him out. That's the basic premise here, but as all of these movies have tended to do, the story gets a little muddled and tries to build out this world a little too much. Let's not kid ourselves though, if you're someone who hopes for an incredible piece of storytelling in a movie like this, you're going to be incredibly disappointed. These films are made for the incredible action and this one definitely doesn't shy away from that.<br/><br/>Although this instalment does feel its slightly long runtime of 130 minutes, this film also features the biggest headcount, which was almost jarring at times. Even for action junkies who loved the violence in the first two films, it has been cranked up much more this time around, if that's even imaginable. From stabbing to shooting to crazy choreography, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a no-holds-bar thrill ride from beginning to end. If you find yourself slightly bored by a few story elements throughout the second act of the film, don't worry, because you'll be given more than enough action to make up for that, which also leads me to my biggest complaint with this movie.<br/><br/>First and foremost, this movie focusses on being an action film and never once does it stray from that goal. For that reason alone, action fans are going to get their fix here. It's not, however, all that interesting when it comes to world-building. There is a significant portion of this film that introduces new characters and other organizations, which could make for some great standalone stories, but just felt like a bit much to be included in this film. There were moments where I felt the movie dragging because it slowed down immediately after a 10-minute action scene.<br/><br/>Overall, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a very solid sequel to the first two films and is pretty much on par with the quality of the franchise in general. This is a consistently entertaining series that I will continue to recommend to those who like a lot of violence in movies. If you're someone who can't take a violent death scene, then I would advise staying away from this franchise, with an emphasis on this film in particular. John Wick: Chapter 3: Parabellum definitely has issues, but I thoroughly enjoyed watching it. Albeit still preferring the first two installments, it is undeniable that chapter 3 has successfully triggered an adrenaline rush in audiences. This sequel also pays great homages to classic action movies (notably Kill Bill, well, without the witty dialogues of course! :))) Overall, an extremely entertaining ride that worth the trip to the cinema (and maybe give your logical sense a night off while doing so xD) A very good effort, only minus is the miscast of Halle Berry, although a pleasure to look at, her timing and delivery on lines was pretty bad. Otherwise, a solid 7, go see it and support Chad Stahelski who will be directing the Highlander reboot "There can be only one." John Wick has in this film ended gun violence, simply on the basis that he has used up all the bullets in the world taking out hoardes of nameless assassins. An impressive fact since he also used axes, knives, swords and a horse ! This may make this sound somewhat dull and repetitive, but full credit to the fight choreography, it's some of the vrst, showing real flaire and imagination. Where the films loses out is that the story does little with remarkable unseen world of assassins created in previous films. Although clearly a violent action packed thriller, there was also some story creativity here, as well as a baffling aray of quirky supporting characters. Not so much here and over reliance on the action set pieces does diminish the overall impact of the film. Am fond of John Wick for the excellent gun shooting choreography. But they went Samurai (or Ninja) which sadly wasn't as good.<br/><br/>And whats the deal with John falling down from the roof, hitting some things on thebside of the building 2-3 times before falling face first on the street. And lived to give Lawrence Fishburn the middle finger. Could have done a little better to make it believable I am curious to know what will Jonathan do to save himself. Movie is out n out action film a real action movie it looks. There are some boring scenes in the movie. Halle Berry is limited. Earlier johnwick movies used to be natural and believable.. in this new movie everything favours in the luck of john and is he a super human maybe in these movie ..
Its a disappointment for the john wick fans John wick
Chapter 3
As usual great performance and fantastic action scene , its the leader in this business for now.about plot: a story of revenge that what its
But i kept wondering during scene esp. in this chapter why he insist to live . Shattered person who commit alot of regret killing but still has the desire of living even after he finished his revenges.
The story not end, we need to watch another annual chapter, lol is this new series or what
I wish it finished by 3.
The characters fluctuated in one chapter loyal with honesty but when affect personal interests no shame at all to join other side
No police action in this movies something strange It is nice to see that Parabellum has not reality concerns and this approach suits to John Wick series anyway. But when it comes to build up a "mythologic" ambience; some religious, historical, and political facts should have been considered.<br/><br/>(1) Continental's real life equivalent seems to be NATO but judging by the heavy emphasis on Christianity, it is most probably Schengen. So the top dog who is claimed to be higher than high table should have been Greek, not Egyptian. Ancient Egypt concept would have been appropriate if Continental was a Jewish organisation.
(2) It is nice to see that Continental is open for former European colonies and have no religious concerns but as I said before, due to the organisation's heavy emphasis on Christianity, a non-Muslim country such as India would have been much more appropriate than Morocco.
(3) Even though Parabellum is a Hollywood product, John Wick trilogy has no problem with having a protagonist with Slavic origin and a Russian "not-so-bad" antagonist. So, Continental would have been spreaded over Balkans as well. It would brillantly suit to Continental's cosmopolitanist nature. This is my first time reviewed a movie, please excuse for my bad grammar.
I love Keanu Reeves, love him since the Constantine movie. But I give this movie a 7 out of 10 because there are nothing more except action scenes. The plot is thin, we got new characters but not much development.
I actually yawning twice at the hand combat scenes near the end. It dragging on for too long, I think those time could have better used for the supported characters. I want to know more about Sofia past, the old lady at the ballet theater ( I forgot her name), the 'Elder'... Well, maybe that's for the part 4. There definitely will be a movie number 4.
The shooting scenes are freaking awesome. The blade throwing fight at the beginning are super hilarious.
The betrayal at the end is not much of a surprise. But seriously they buffed John Wick a lot, he had been shoot, bleeding a lot, took a lot of beating and falling from that high and still alive? Oh, this movie got lot of glass shattering, I got really bored after that thing repeated for the n+ time.
Overall, I can't wait for John Wick chapter 4. THIS MOVIE IS 10 STARS HANDS DOWN NO DEBATE OFF THE BAT. I would give this movie a 10 star just from the trailer even if the movie was bad. Best john wick movie in the franchise and is better than the first 2 combined. Everything about this movie was so perfect and theres little things i want to complain about but i just cant. This was my second time watching it and when i saw it for the first time in the theaters for my birthday it was one of the best days of my life, i was laughing and screaming with joy the whole time. the cover art is amazing and soo cool and its all just played out. For once the movie is better than the trailer and i think this was the first movie that actually pulled that off. Choosing a favorite scene would be like choosing which one of you 10 dogs to kill that you spent all of your life with, impossible. I just cant explain its just soo good. When i first saw it i was like this isn't a movie its pure art its just something else. My moms favorite part was the part with the dogs because she loves dogs and she liked the way that they had to be trained to pull off all those stunts. I saw it in theaters with my mom and now i saw it with my mom and dad. Maybe it was just the theater that was soo cool. One guy that was next to my mom was laughing and banging on the seats when john wick killed somebody and so was i. Not my favorite movie movie ever, but this its definitely not the last time i will see it. This is the future of movies :) Saw it in a theater today; it is ok to good, nothing like you should see it in a cinema hall only! Strong stories, strong character, and lot of action I want to see the action in this film, but I am disappointed. often the opponent wants to shoot or stab from behind but instead his opponent yells first so it gets caught. sometimes also waiting for John Wick or Halle Berry to look back just starting to attack from behind. I prefer the action in the first and second films. I felt tired after watching this. Almost the same feeling I had after watching Fury Road, almost. However, for all the action it didn't have much focus on John as a person other than some superficial moments, which gave more depth to his actions in the previous installments. But the action packaged roller coaster still have a lot that makes it a worthy sequel. Also, what a cast! They even brought the villain from Raid.
When they say that since he's excommunicated and the High Table have set 14 Million on his head the odds have become even, you know John wick is the greatest assassin ever seen on film.They told about a pencil in the first film and they showed how it's done with a book. Caught a midnight screening tonight ahead of the film's premiere in Canada and all I can say is this is an Action masterpiece from start to finish. Taking place immediately after the events from the 2nd film, we are immediately thrust into the fear and trepidation that comes with being a marked man on the run with a $14 million contract bounty placed on your head. The fight choreography is fantastic and creative in its choice of weaponry (including the use of some animals in unexpectedly awesome ways). This is a threequel that's as thrilling, over-the-top and gratifying as fans of John Wick could hope for. I'm thinking he's back. The best part of the first two films was the mystery of not know who he actually really is , found out after 20 mins of this then lost interest and watched the football instead When the original came out in 2014 it was a sleeper hit for sure. It had fantastically choreographed gun play that you could tell was directed by stunt men. It was stylish, cool, and had an air of ambiguity about the world John used to be a part of. The characters were fantastic, despite not fully knowing about them.<br/><br/>The second one was a bit of a let down overall. It had some decent action, but the drive behind the movie that the first had was lost and I didn't care for it from a storytelling perspective. But it was still enjoyable from a non-stop action standpoint. The story with John owing that guy a favor really wasn't as intriguing as the first's set-up of the universe. The 2nd almost showed too much of their secret world.<br/><br/>I wasn't as interested to see the third after the previous one wasn't as compelling. But I figured I'd see John Wick to the end anyways.<br/><br/>This one is definitely a step up from the second movie, but it still lacking the narrative to make it fully compelling. Sure, these movies AREN'T going to be a storytelling masterpiece. These movies are about the practical action and pretty much that.<br/><br/>The story in this one is essentially John is on the run after breaking the a cardinal rule of the assassin world. He goes to various people from his past to get help, but in the background a messenger from the controlling board of the assassins visits each person who helped John throughout the past movie. It's a compelling enough story to help showcase the amazing action scenes, but it's not as interesting as the first movie was.<br/><br/>There is a lull in the middle where John goes to the desert to find a special person that just seemed so unneeded. They could have cut that out and made the movie a bit more compact. Especially when he agrees to something, then literally goes back on the agreement 10 minutes later.<br/><br/>This movie is about the action set pieces and it excels in those. Many of them I still have no idea how they did them. It is a masterpiece when it comes to that aspect. Some of the fist fight scenes do feel like they go on a little too long, especially one towards the end with a duo of Asian actors.<br/><br/>Most of the fights you have to leave realism outside before watching them, but they're still really entertaining in the long run.<br/><br/>JW3 continues the streak of having some of the best movie action ever filmed, so see it on that merit. I still think that JW1 is still the best overall as it has a much more compelling plot and better set of characters. Epic catholic battle of sin worth seeing if your catholic This movie is all about action. Theyve created an iconic movie that many future directors will look to when making an action movie.<br/><br/>That being said, this movie lacks basic fundamentals of storytelling. If you ask any good screenwriter, a story is about moving forward...pushing that story. The build up into act 2 of this script was derailed only to go back to the beginning. Absolutely horrible writing. The writers, Derek Kolstad and Chris Collins, forgot what audiences fell in love with in John Wicks 1/2. But they surely didnt forget the main part...the fighting. Something is wrong with Hollywood and reviewers or is just me. It's an action movie so your expectation are not high, but still the movie started as expected with a bang, lots of action and fighting and even more violence than before. All is well, but at half the movie I think they had a revelation, that they can milk the cow some more and then is when is all going downhill, the action is just repetitive and boring and at the end you just feel annoyed that yet again, they added fillers just so that they take your money one more time. And no John Wick, I will not be coming for the fourth,fifth whatever chapter. So final thoughts, 0 story, with that story the actors couldn't do much so you can add bad acting to the mix and lots of action, after the first half John is so bad at fighting his enemies are waiting for him to enter the fight. With the usual rhythm, pure action, almost without breaks (the few there are for memories, sarcasms and epic dialogues) and a single final result: they have pissed off the Belarusian. Oh the humanity! This was awful! Totally jumped the shark with this one. In the first 15 minutes punches didn't line up with sound effects, guys moved their heads too soon, etc. Pretty much everything was expected except the end; therefore, 2 stars plus 3 stars for the dogs. I sat down and thumbed through some of the reviews for this flick. I had to laugh. I love the no plot, no character development, meaningless violence, blah blah blah. No kidding. It's a John Wick movie. If you want serious, don't watch it. You don't have to be a genius to know what you're getting yourself into when you throw this thing in and hit play. It's not like this is the 3rd movie or anything. I also love the "worst movie I ever watched" ones. If this is the worst movie you've ever seen, you must have led a sheltered existence. Sit back, turn off your brain and enjoy it for what it is. It's actually a pretty simple concept. I love the cast, the cinematography, the characters.
But the plot..<br/><br/><ul><li>Why does Sofia just ruins all her life because of a dog, who didn't even get killed? She was so worries about her daughter's safety and then she just snaps because of a dog??</li><li>How come John doesn't die in the desert with no food, water and warm clothes during the night?</li><li>Why everyone everywhere knows John Wick? Even random taxi drivers.</li><li>Why is New York full of assassins again but has no police?</li><li>Why John Wick stores the precious pictures of his wife as hard copies in weird places insead of a cloud?</li><li>Why does the most powerful criminal in the world live in the desert???</li><li>Oh, my favourite - what the hell is that administration department with old phones and typing machines?!? I get it, cinematograpichally very cool, but still, seriously, how about some efficiency and digitalizing??</li></ul><br/><br/>I could go on forever.
The first movie was so fresh and fun. The second one raised questions. But this one goes too far in it's ridiculous plot. If there wasn't so many fight scenes that last so long, this would be a masterpiece. For all the negative reviewers this is a John Wick movie. It's supposed to be an action packed adventure and not a slow built up drama. This film delivers the action big time and Keanu Reeves is outstanding as John Wick. Halle Berry turns in a fine performance and even her dogs get in on the action. If you're expecting anything but an action packed thrill ride then sure you won't like this film but what kind of movie do you expect when John Wick has a 15 million dollar bounty on his head? Top notch action from beginning to end is why I give John Wick Parrabellum 9 out of 10. Positive:
<ul><li>spectacular &amp; hard action</li><li>characters &amp; cast</li></ul><br/><br/>Negative:
<ul><li>redundant &amp; overloaded fight scenes</li></ul> First I'm jealous at how beautiful Halle Berry is and that she got to work with those two dogs. They are absolutely awesome.
This sequel isn't as good as the two prior films. It has much less of a storyline and is pretty much just action from start to finish.
So if you like to see fights, guns, killing dogs, loving dogs, and some ok acting then it is very worth it, but I think the first movie was the best, the second was second best, and this one is a lagging third but worth it to bring the series to a conclusion until they make a 4th I guess. Chapter 3 of the John Wick saga lacks the spark and originality of the original instalment and the electricity of the second movie. However, it remains a most welcome film and I'll happily keep watching these as long as they're made.<br/><br/>There's almost too much action crammed within the post-two hour running time and it's where the film pauses for breath that it's most enjoyable.<br/><br/>8 out of 10. Great but not exceptional. Yet another entry on the John Wick franchise, and a good one! John Wick 3: Prepare to... wait... Parabellum, tells the story of how John is trying to keep himself alive after he's been "excomunicado", or whatever.<br/><br/>His head is at a stake and the bid is high, but our friend Baba Yaga delivers. It's non-stop action to its finest! It's been a while since we had good "heroes" on cinema! Everything now is about superheroes and all that, I really missed this good old 90s hero stuff, like John McClaine or Riggs, for example, and Wick gives me this feeling back again.<br/><br/>Of course, it is over the top stunt action, where our hero takes several damage and yet he is there fighting, but that's the way we like it.<br/><br/>Also, I like this whole idea of a secret organization that runs underground, controlling everything and with its own rules about trust and yada-yada, that's nice. People like that, about the whole Illuminati stuff, that's a good deal for me.<br/><br/>Sound-wise, nothing to see here, it's pretty much generic action music and a lot of shooting and stuff breaking. Stunts are good, but I guess it doesn't top its predecessor, although it is still good.<br/><br/>Storywise, it's what we expects, with a lot a twists and turns, so everything is kept at an appreciating level.<br/><br/>Good stuff. I admit that I enjoyed the first one, and the second one wasn't too bad. The first two movies of this series had pretty solid story lines based on possible reality and loads of violent fighting. This is not like the first two. Yes, there is violent fighting ... actually, this movie bumps up the duration of violent fighting to the point that the watcher realizes that this movie is was only written to have a platform for lots of violent fighting ... or call it fantasy video game fighting ... where none get tired, especially not the hero, and the attackers just keep on coming, as if it was a zombie apocalypse or Captain America taking out the whole kung-fu nation, one person at a time. One fight simply moves on to the next fight as the hero must move down the fixed path, conquering each new level group of bad guys in hand to hand combat or modern video game shooting gallery. The only things missing from the video game were pauses for re-arming, tokens given to get help journeying along the way, a guru-mastermind running everything who must be spoken to, and more fights to get back ... oh, maybe those weren't missing. I admit that the fights were so long and utterly predictable that I Fast-Forwarded through them. Then there was the fantasy aspect, where the enemy knew everything, all of the time, the characters refusing to re-write the monotonous script by "taking-out" the oft repeated messenger of doom who would have been powerless if dealt with. And where was even one grenade or set of bombs to save the hero from individual "take-downs". I gave it a 6 only because the choreographer had to work so hard with so much fighting, but the story line is really a 2 or 3. If you have a brain, you will save it for a movie that requires a brain. As many others have pointed out, there are several excellent but drawn out fight sequences. The camerawork is solid and the overall aesthetic is quite good. I also liked the choice of music throughout the movie.<br/><br/>However, it's a fun party movie where you don't have to actually pay attention to anything. Just like many of the fun action movies from the 80s and 90s with Dolph Lundgren, Sylvester Stallone, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and whoever else became "expendable" (read: The Expendables (2010)) later on.<br/><br/>I my opinion, the movie didn't take itself serious and should be enjoyed as such. A Popcorn Flick.
Ammunition is either not available or unending, shots are either perfect or total misses, everyone except for the main cast is a faceless 'red shirt', only there to be killed off in a creative and sometimes hilarious fashion. Pain (and even death) is optional. Overstretched or broken(?) limps have next to no consequences. Armor makes no sense. People can vanish at will. There is no sense of real danger and nothing is at stake.
Also, the movie is missing a 'big bad'. The organization behind everything makes no sense and everyone must follow the rules, but the rules are arbitrary and can be changed at will and at any time. The other antagonist (Zero) is more like a fanboy and not a real enemy. The judge-chick makes no sense and is boring.<br/><br/>Survival as the only goal of the protagonist doesn't make for a good plot, except maybe for a horror movie.
I much rather preferred John Wick as the hunter and not the (unkillable) prey.<br/><br/>On the other hand, it has great choreography, sword-, knife- and gunfights, murder doggos, a great cast and most of all Keanu Reeves, so 6/10.<br/><br/>Still, if you have a few hours to spare, better watch the first movie twice. Really liked the first 2 films in the series... really disappointed with this one. It was long repetitive non stop fight from start to finish. There was probably only 15 minutes of dialogue in the whole film! Really liked 1 and 2. 3rd one I thought was just a bitt over done. Especially the seen in knife store. Had a great plot and I enjoyed most of the movie. Cant wait to see the next one. The action was top class, as expected, but they went too far with it this time because this isn't a film, it's just a string of action sequences. The characters and story are irrelevant and there is no tension, because we know Wick is going to carve his way through every scene full of extras.<br/><br/>The first two films managed to blend action with artistic cinematography, sets, costumes and music while retaining tension and drama by teasing us with glimpses of a criminal underworld, which worked because it remained largely a mystery. The casting was also spot on. An honour bound collective of hitmen living as members of a secret society teetering on the brink of anarchy was a much more interesting premise than the rigid subservient hierarchy to the "High Table" revealed in Parabellum.<br/><br/>The plot relies too much on characters from earlier films, while the new cast are all bland cardboard cut-outs, especially the forgettable "Adjudicator" who lacks menace and Mark Dacascos, who is miscast as the main villain. I also don't understand why Halle Berry still gets roles like this when she's just playing herself. Unfortunately, she's not interesting enough to get away with it! Alfie Allen (from the first film) was a better villain than ALL of the bad guys in this film, yet all he did was kill a dog! Similarly, the Continental's concierge was ok playing a minor role as a dog minder but he's boringly unconvincing as a fellow assassin.<br/><br/>The film lacks any sense of threat and consequently suffers from a lack of drama. Without these story hooks the repetitive action sequences become meaningless after a while. I can't believe I lost interest in the characters and no longer cared what would happen. Yes, that's right, I got bored watching a John Wick movie!<br/><br/>This is a huge misstep as it's significantly worse than the previous two films. The impressive action is still praiseworthy but fight scenes alone don't make a movie, so they aren't enough to save it from being a disappointment.<br/><br/>MEDIOCRE 5/10 This is the third, and supposed final film in the John Wick series. It should have been a great culmination of the events that brought us here, but it was not. It felt sloppy and poorly written. Keanu of course does his usual excellent job in the role, I just did not enjoy this. Huge fan of the previous two films, so this one made me kind of sad for all it lacked. I like this character, what little there is of him. This one seemed to really want to go out of it's way to find strange locations for him. If you like tons of killing via guns and knives, this is the movie for you, but don't expect much else, like story. Adding more to the world was a good way of expanding the world they have buiIt but lacks a lot of story. It was pretty good until the Halle Berry scenes and the end of the movie. Her choreography was a little bad and you could tell she was waiting on moves. It wasn't as fluent.<br/><br/>The end when he was joking around while fighting was a bit cringe and it went on for way too long. Overall wasn't better as the first. The action is much more fast paced in this John wick Chapter 3; even though John Wick Chapter 1 & Chapter 2 was fast paced itself; the premises of the 3rd Chapter seems more urgent and intense; loved how they got the action and kill scenes with gun, knives, fists and even a book in such a creative way to distinguish it from Chapter 1 & 2; I get that the action seems similar to both the previous movies; but if you watch both the movies and then watch Chapter 3; you will definitely know that's not true; each movie had it's own distinctive action set pieces and creativity in John wick killing off people. Again this was a great movie with a great cast and got my full attention. All of the Wick movies are great, this one is not a disappointment. I see people saying not enough substance, but this picks up right after chapter 2. You don't need to rehash a new story line, this starts off with a ton of action and keeps going until the end. Cannot wait till Chapter 4. A brilliant continuation of the story. Loved the plot, cinematography, intense mood and the passion of control. Truly excellent The inevitable third chapter of the JOHN WICK franchise continues on a high with the same quality as the last. In fact, this may just pip that one to the post to be the best JOHN WICK yet. The pacing is spot on and the plotting is measured by a huge amount of action sequences, all of which fizz and crackle with skill and energy. The movie hits the ground running as Keanu faces off with a hulking character in a library and then Triads in a weapon shop, but what really amazes here is the sheer inventiveness of the non-repetitive action. There are horse and motorbike chases, a Moroccan brawl with fighting dogs, alongside the massive action of the climax. There also seems to be a greater emphasis on hand-to-hand combat, featuring the likes of RAID actors and old-timer Mark Dacascos, which is a real pleasure as the choreography is top-notch. In terms of sheer enjoyment, this is a film hard to beat, and to criticise it at all is unnecessary. Bring on the fourth! The movie had some good points, a few. But there were so many long, drawn out slapstick type fights that just went over the top and made the movie very boring. I ended up fast forwarding through the fight scenes and watched maybe a good thirty minutes of actual interesting dialog and action. I think they wanted to much in John Wick 3.
It was just to much. The first 2 movies were awesome and I looked forward to the third one. It just did not happen ;( It is no small task delivering a top rated movie, let alone doing that as a second sequel.<br/><br/>It is full of action and entertainment with a healthy sprinkle of comedy whilst developing the storyline and leaving the audience needing more.<br/><br/>An expensive example of where this was attempted but did not deliver is The Expendables. Plenty of action like John Wick but without the clever storyline.<br/><br/>The element or perhaps legend that brings this movie to life is Keanu Reeves.<br/><br/>Love the scenes with Halle Berry. She also delivers. Also love the guy on reception - am working on replicating his accent.<br/><br/>Excellent movie collection. Highly recommended. Look forward to JW4. There's 100s of films that are like this but John wick played by Keane reeves are imho the best Hollywood films at the mo for people beating each other senseless. The fighting is brilliantly choreographed with Mr Reeves and his numerous assailants using everything at hand to try to kill one another. Forgot what the plot was, don't really matter when it's this good to watch if that's what you are in the mood for. Violence, violence and more violence with squish sounds when the knife went in and slurping/barking sounds from vicious (but trained) dogs 'sicking' bad guys.
Boring. Plot; The hunter becomes the hunted as hitman John Wick finds himself w/a large bounty on his head,<br/><br/>The first two films in the series did an excellent job of world building in between the inventive action scenes. John Wick 3 starts off as a fulfillment of the promise made at the end of the second film, but soon fizzles out under the bloat of its relentless and ultimately numbing action and excessive runtime. I guess two episodes for me was enough; this one is just 99.9% mindless action and chasing scenes. The previous two piqued my interest, but at this one i was yawning and almost fell asleep. This was a lot of fun to watch. This movie requires the viewer to go into watching it for just all the violent, senseless and technical action sequences; while not trying to find any bit of reality - some being why aren't there no cops to be seen during the entire movie, or how could John Wick survive an attack, the same of which seems to kill anyone else in the movie, or how could one man possibly kill over 300 other armed, skilled men with infinite resources, what is the likelihood of something like that happening? Accepting that this movie is purely fictional and that you paid to watch this one for the fun factor would make this truly entertaining! There are really nicely choreographed fight sequences, and Keanu doesn't fail to impress as John Wick for the third time. I really tried to like this move but it is basically a series of fight scenes joined with poor dialogue.
There is a wafer thin story, a dog, a girl, lots of great actors and that's pretty much it. Simply brilliant. Other action movies, please take notes on how to film fighting/shooting sequences in one rehearsed take, instead of that usual "35 camera angles in 4 seconds" that will provide you with a guaranteed epileptic seizure. I will make sure to support this franchise with my golden coin in cinema every time they will make a JW chapter. Though rife with the incredible action and masterful control of cinematic combat sequences that made its predecessors some of the best in the genre, what would have been an exceptional finale to a fantastic trilogy is shot in the kneecaps at the last minute by the empty-hearted need to drag out another sequel. The final scenes of the film which could have closed off the story with dignity, instead reset the status quo and lower the stakes for the next outing; leaving a taste in the mouth akin to far weaker 'rinse and repeat' action franchises. How the heck is this HUGE mistake possible??? At 58.26 the second dog - which has been shot dead - runs into the scene to take down the boogie. That dog was shot dead, for christ sake! As an action film, it's amazing. Hand-over-mouth violence and choreography. Keanu is a legend for what he brings to the table for a guy his age. Does it have a story? Not really, a little bit, some expansion on the universe I suppose. Someone reviewed it as a low IQ movie. My IQ is 140 and sometimes I don't want to think, I just want my eyes to wince and pop. My eyes totally winced and popped, a lot. If you have weak eyes, don't watch this movie. If you want a story, read a book or something. First you must watch first two movies , this is the action pack conclusion no time for story line that was first two movies yes fighting can be a little much but nothing is perfect This movie is in my top 5 ever seen movies. Of his genre top 1. You are no actionfan without loving John Wick, especially this gigantic firework Let's get one thing very clear Keanu Reeves has been doing this for years the third chapter of John Wick is nothing short of impeccable some of these reviewers obviously don't like fight scenes but that's their problem after watching the film I find I'm excited to see the fourth installment which will be coming out in 2021 some of the reviews mentioned that there's no storyline well that's probably because they didn't see the first few movies if you understand where it's coming from you can obviously see where it's going so the third installment doesn't need a bunch of storylines that's what you got with the first movie John Wick Chapter 3 is clearly about the duality of John and him coming full circle having to go back where he started in order to make his way through to where he's going the idea that everybody around the world is trying to kill one man and can't seem to do it is what makes John wick John wick he would not be baba jaga or the bogeyman if he was so easily killed obviously he can be hurt but being hurt he's not being killed not to mention he's the only one fighting for purpose not just his life but the life and memory of his late wife that's why he's so hard to kill I find the fight scenes to be engaging and invigorating and the fact is whether people believe it or not there are people on this planet that are actually very hard to kill especially when you understand that just because you give a guy a gun doesn't mean he's prepared to take on somebody who is well trained and motivated John Wick Chapter 3 A+++ I hope the franchise continues with the quality it has shown thus far. By far the best in this franchise!! The action sequences alone are worth the watch. Halle Berry Laurence Fishburne are great and even the dogs were bad ass!!! Don't pay attention to the Haters. Parabellum means Prepare for War.
Top Assassin John Wick (Keanu Reeves) is on the run for killing a member of the International Assassin Guild on sacred ground (The Continental: their hotel and safe place). There is a $14 Million bounty on his head. All other Assassins are on the job to end John Wick. John Wick now has no choice but to kill all who are after him. Winston (Ian McShane), the Manager of the hotel says, "Everybody in this town wants a piece of him (John Wick). I'd say the odds are about even."<br/><br/>This is probably the very best Action Movie ever. Not only do we see amazing fights and shootings with exceptional choreography we also see different and unique sets where all this takes place. I hope the motorcycle scenes are mostly CGI, otherwise: Ouch, Ouch, Ouch. I checked myself into the ER to make sure I was okay.<br/><br/>There is a new wrinkle in that we see Asia Kate Dillon as the Adjudicator who is from the Assassin's High Table and she wants those who helped John Wick to leave their posts as they abdicated their loyalty to the High Table of Assassins. And, if they don't..........well, you know what will happen.<br/><br/>Notables: Angelica Houston as The Director, who sends John Wick to Casablanca; Halle Berry as Sophia, a one time assassin, helps John Wick to see her former boss, Berrada (Jerome Flynn), who can get John Wick in to see the Elder (Said TAghmaoui), who can override John Wick's excommunication from the High Table and he gives John Wick a choice he must consider; Boban Marjanovic as Ernest, who fights John Wick (early on) in the library; Lance Reddick as Charon, the hotel's Concierge; and Mark Dacascos as Zero, the Chef, and the last one to fight John Wick in a glass room.<br/><br/>The pacing was spot on. The music reminded me of running escape music. Really good. Keep in mind that John Wick is fighting for his life and many, many assassins come after him for the $14 million bounty. I had no idea there were that many assassins among the populace. Ya just never know.<br/><br/>And we see Sofia's dogs engaged in the fighting, too, as John Wick and Sophia fight their way out of Berrada's house. These were very scary scenes with the dogs.<br/><br/>Yes, there will be a sequel. Can't wait. (10/10)<br/><br/>Violence: Yes.
Sex: No.
Nudity: No.
Humor: At times.
Language: Yes, mostly n the second half.
Rating: A Very slow action scenes,not at all like the first, Johns older though but not a pensioner. Watched this on the plane from Orlando last night and I thought the atmosphere would ruin it. I was wrong. I was gasping, hiding my eyes and just shaking my head in the utter violence in the deaths in this film it was amazing. It's totally over the top, it's ridiculous but that's the point. You don't watch this film for reality AND we get some background about Mr Wick that's mind-blowing! This film is exactly what it says on the tin and I'm already pre ordered for the 16th Sept digital release so I can watch this at home in true HD. So many parts of this film were perfectly executed including the Halle Berry dog fight, the first book death and the amazing fight with Zero's two goons at the end which was epic fight gold. So many good actors and actresses in the film make this the best ever. This includes the dogs and the horses too! The Adjudicator is v. scary, Zero and his team unstoppable, Roll on John Wick 4! The hype wasn't real. The stunt was slow. I Think it Linda lacked some depth. Still a decent movie, but no way it's an 8 star movie. It's mainly over the top gun violence to the pint of boredom. This film not only lacks a worthwhile narrative but lacks style and class of a decent action movie. Not worth the investment. After enjoying the first two "John Wick" movies, I had high expectations for this one- and it did not disappoint! While the plot may have been a little thread-bare, the action sequences were remarkable and jaw-dropping. Without giving away spoilers, the action/fight scenes were very unique, and I wont forget some of them.<br/><br/>The acting was good enough to move along the story- Halle Berry was a great addition. The only negative is that the story-line left with more questions than answers. But let me repeat- the action scenes were REMARKABLE!<br/><br/>This is a much-watch movie for action junkies. DO NOT MISS IT John Wick started off as a normal action flick and steadily graduated to be one of the most stylish action series ever.<br/><br/>The plot is brilliantly conceived, the characters are beautifully constructed, the casting is wonderfully chosen. But above all, the theme and presentation of the underworld are top notch. It is pleasantly surprising to see the gangs following the rules and there is a system being followed by everybody.<br/><br/>And of course, Keanu Reeves. You can just see him on and on. And never get enough of loving him.<br/><br/>But in the end, this 3rd installment gets a little repetitive and boring sometimes. With lot many action scenes and styles are almost same and feels incessant. And the presence of the all powerful Elder is a little disappointment. Just couldn't imagine him sitting above that mighty high table and controlling global underworld.<br/><br/>That being said, the John Wick series is undoubtedly one of most sleek and polished action movies you can see. Will await for further installments. it will be interesting to see Laurence Fishburne joining the party.<br/><br/>If I may, just one suggestion to Chad Stahelski. The storyline and the plot is amazing. But when you create more than 3 episodes following a same narrative, it sometimes becomes a little boring. So please innovate the action scenes with something new. Had minimal expectations before seeing 1 and was pleasantly surprised. Had higher expectations for 2 and it still met expectations. Part 3 is a major disappointment. Missing are the strong characters that drove the movie between fight scenes. The attempts at comedy, especially during fight scenes, fall completely flat. Can't figure out what motivate JW in part 3. It's obvious 4 will come but I'll skip it. After Speed came out in 1994, I did not expect Keanu Reeves to still produce the goods in action movies 25 years later.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 owes more than a passing nod to The Raid films. In fact two stars from that franchise appear in this movie.<br/><br/>In the previous film, John Wick broke the rules and did an unsanctioned kill inside the Continental Hotel. Now John Wick is excommunicado and a $14 million bounty is placed on him. Every assassin is after him.<br/><br/>The manager of the Continental, Winston (Ian McShane) has his own problems to deal with the Adjudicator sent by the High Table for helping Wick by giving him a one hour head start. Wick meanwhile needs to find a way to Morocco to find the Elder and make peace with him. Everywhere John Wick goes someone is trying to kill him.<br/><br/>A little too long, but as brainless action films go, this was enjoyable. I particularly liked Halle Berry fighting with her two dogs. John Wick fights with knives, swords, horses, books and all kinds of guns.<br/><br/>With two Oscar winners in the cast, director Chad Stahelski adds a bit of opulent style to the brutal action such as Russian Ballerinas trained by Anjelica Huston while protected by Belarusian heavies. Hyped up by all the Keanu Fans. I think this movie is unrealistic and way too much sloppy fight chorography. Enjoyed the cinemograph and what not. I would say that first chapter was a breeze of fresh air when it comes to action movies.<br/><br/>Number two was... number two.<br/><br/>Chapter 3 compared to the other ones seems to make a little bit more sense and it was easier to watch for me as story driven observer.
Fights were over the top, maybe bit too lengthy but clever use of props and damn, Halle Berry was amazing.<br/><br/>I would cut the fights by 15% of length as the combatants were a bit too much bullet / knife spongy but otherwise this is the best chapter yet. If you're an action movie lover or not, John Wick will surprise you. The series which is getting better and better with each movie is violently fun as its predecessors. Keanu Reeves is as good as ever and all the supporting cast which also includes Halle Berry, Laurence Fishburne, Iain McShane etc. was electric. The action sequences which John Wick offers is fresh and you definitely haven't seen them before. Waiting for the revenge of Baba Yaga. I enjoyed the action scenes a lot but I was also looking for something more than that. I loved the first two movies because John Wick's more because we could see John Wick being more than a skilled assassin; we saw Wick's motivations for his actions, his pain and sorrow. This movie lacked the human side of Wick, which kind of disappointed me. Nevertheless, Keanu Reeves did an incredible job in this film. I just wish his character was written better. The very first John Wick is a good film, even though it looses its grip towards the end, still a fearsome assassin returning from retirement because he's been wronged is a great premise for an action film. The second one was absolute trash, in my review I said it was like watching the director play call of duty .. you know where if you are hit with bullets/knives, you can hide behind a barrel and re-emerge scratch-less or find a cheat code which gives you unlimited ammo and medi-packs. That film was exactly a video game, not an adaption or a based-on type .. but just a video game with live actors. In fact, if you will play the future Cyberpunk game, which also stars Reeves in it, you will find it exactly like JW2 .. And now, coming to the third one .. again it is the same mind-less, sense-less super-hero action video game with cheat codes for unlimited ammo, body armour and medi-packs! I mean come on, everyone from the street beggar to highly trained assassins galore wants to kill John Wick and he outdoes them for the entire duration of the film. I mean come on, how easy would it be for a sniper to take down the Wick when he is wrestling in open street?? What..all of a sudden the elite trained assassins syndicate do not have snipers or machine guns??<br/><br/>And I rightfully call this a superhero flick as only, probably Superman would survive when you have hoards of assassins lunging at you with guns, chains, swords and what not whist JW defends himself with a pencil!! Yes, this movie is as ridiculous as the words which I just used to describe it. Yet, all folks here decided to give it an 8 star rating!! I struggled to understand how this can be and then it hit me, drinking is the most favourite thing in the world, statistically! If it were ok and free, we probably would consume more alcohol than water!! And with such stats, this film would look like a perfect 10 when you are totally, over-the-head intoxicated. There mystery solved!!<br/><br/>I need to talk about the few good bits as well. I cannot put down the man Reeves. If you look at his training videos for this film, he really puts everything he's got into it! Plus he is the one super-nice celeb when that genre doesn't exist in our world! He really should be every guys role-model. And that perfect training shows in few action sequences which are simply brilliant! Wish someone puts some sense into the script and makes the 4th instalment at least to be on par with the first one! -Plot is very simple "survive and find how to remedy the situation". But as movie starts and people try to kill John it became unrealistic in epic proportions, John is invincible and not because he is good but because all people are dumb AF, John has an entire organization of professional assassins behind them but nobody is capable to shot him from mid/long range with a weapon or explosive, all are worst than NPC, just persons who have to die, no one is slightly smart.
-If the director wanted to show the insane skill of John Wick he should have put him in situations where people were not capable of kill him from long/mid range, and from that point the movie became almost unwatchable, just repetitive and long but idiots fight scenes.
-The fights moves and dog acrobatics were creative and good, but almost everything else was really poor and unrealistic.
-I think this saga had to end here, but profit was good, so kill the series in this 3Â° part was reconsidered and they make this movie to earn movie just showing how bad-ass is John Wick.
-This movie can be good for unconditional fans and Keanu lovers, but for people who has more analysis, big NO. Well worth watching... must watch the other two to understand the storyline... I loved the first two, but the third one was boring. I fell asleep in some places because of the lack of storyline and too much fighting, similar to The Matrix Reloaded. Hopefully, the 4th one is better. Great action movie that makes me like Keanu even more than ever before. Movies like Avengers Endgame are like opera, loud, exiting, out there and big. Movies like John Wick, John Wick 2 and John Wick Parabellum are like classical music smooth, collective and stunning. These movies bring a sense of joy that you can't explain they never have one big fight scene that brings goosebumps to your arms the whole movie does it. Every bullet shot and every knife thrown just make you wanna get up and fight along side him. It creates a world that tells you enough but let's you imagine the rest, the fighting all realistic (like how they hold the gun, stances, bullet count, fighting techniques ect.) the film overall bring an enjoyment to you that I haven't found in many movies and almost makes you tired after it's over. Many Thanks to that stupid who stole John Wick's car and killed his dog. Thanks to him, John came back from retirement and now is killing everybody. The action is at such high magnitude and everything feels so real, unlike most action movies nowadays. The second fight scene with the knives was so hilariously brutal. Personally I actually like the John Wick franchise better than the Mission Impossible franchise. For whatever reason the action in it appeals way more to me. The scene with the dogs is easily a top 5 action scene of all time. And the judo throws were amazing. Halle Berry was really good, I'd pay to see a spinoff with her character she is The most wasted talent when it comes to these type of movies imo. She's got it all, especially that she actually looks like she could throw a big guy through a window. Like the saying, all the right curves in all the right place's. So glad she's in this movie. John Wick promised a lot... and delivered. It was great to watch and the action was awesome. I hope all people involved come together and continue this saga. I think that the second John Wick was more beautiful shot, regarding colors and styling. But the action was even better than ever before. Halle Berry was incredible and the dogs so scary.. BUT! It is only a small one the sequenze in the desert had fallen a little flat. It wasn't so exciting and interesting also the public's reaction to murder being totally weird. There are several instances where people are killed in very public places and very gruesome ways and no one seems to care Ruin the immersion a bit. But this is my only point of critique. When he teamed up with Halle Berry I didn't want it to stop. the fight scenes were amazing to watch, beautifully choreographed and for the most part believable. I too noticed a couple of times when actors were waiting to be thrown or punched but it's easy to give them a pass for that. Btw I think this is the best film out of the three. I felt the first one had the great story but a weak ending. I thought the second had a weaker story and a great ending. And in this one, although it was a tad too long and I did feel that fatigue in moments, I think it had the best combination of story and nailing the ending. Plus it has the best action sequences by far. Highly entertaining but very brutal!! Wow. Action from start to finish and in the third John Wick we see a way more focused and brutal character! I enjoyed it very much! The first John Wick gave us a simple story, but it was wrapped in gut wrenching action and hinted at a much bigger world 'beneath the table'. It was incredible.<br/><br/>John Wick 2 expanded on the back story just a little, gave us more action, but kept it grounded. We learned more about this world John operates in. It pulled back the curtain just a little and left us wanting more.<br/><br/>It pains me to say but John Wick 3 is filler just to set up John Wick 4.<br/><br/>We got a deeper look in to the world above and below the table, but it felt, well, a bit silly. The fight scenes, whilst incredibly visceral often dragged on a little too long. They were padding to cover the lack of coherent story. By the end I found myself questioning decisions - they didn't make sense. The world of John Wick opened up, and was actually a bit naff. The film suffers from a need to try and one-up it's predecessor - it amps up the action, pulls back the curtain too much and almost moves in to self parody.<br/><br/>I still love John Wick and the world they've built. But this is overall the weakest of the 3 films even though the fight scenes were often incredible. I love action like this. I love well made intricate fights and gruesome killings. I loved the first John Wick and really liked the second one, but JW3 really went over the top and overboard. It feels like the makers of this movie said "People likes the action, so let's give them action and ONLY action." And that's when the action easily becomes boring, repetitive, dragged out, pointless and just fighting for the cause of fighting. John Wick used to be realistic, no nonsense and to the point, but in JW3 there's too many visually unappealing fights that's dragged out way to long. It's borderlining chinese movies like "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" where the fights becomes more like people doing pointless dancing without any purpose or intention of actually killing the other person. And that's when you lose the realism and the danger.<br/><br/>When this movie shines in some action sequences it REALLY shines, but some changes must be made for the fourth movie. This was entertaining simply because of the humor. I don't recall the original being so bad Overall I can say that enemies in this movie don't have any game sense with no gaming chair and potato DPI. Woah!!! What a movie. This has taken the Action Genre to a whole new level with inventing Gun-fu. The action will get you from the word go but wait!!! Its not just action but also a growing underworld universe that is growing deeper and deeper.And not in some dumb way but it has got all the meaning out of it too. While I loved the first one, and liked the 2nd & 3rd ones, the suspension of disbelief is just getting absurd.<br/><br/>As for the good, I liked the choreographed fights, much like the first two movies, this does not disappoint. They continue to deliver great action sequences, keeping it fresh & interesting, and while most of the time honoring round amounts and gun reloading, to the point of it being comical and of course perfectly timed.<br/><br/>Now as far as the bad... Again I understand one has to suspend a lot of disbelief and just go with it, after all it is an action movie right? But that said, there are a collection of things that just bug me, like there are assassins literally everywhere, much like the 2nd movie, it seems like half the population are assassins. Also, there is never any police, ever... I mean how can all out war happen with literally armies of assassins yet there's not a single police or military involvement whatsoever? In fact it's almost comical how deaths in public places don't even seem to trigger general panic or anything. Some aspects in the fight sequences are a little scripted looking, like people waiting for their queue or some time sync issues, but these were few for the most part few. OMG the adjudicator, both the actor and the character just annoyed the heck out of me.<br/><br/>However probably the biggest issue for me is all 3 movies literally take place within a week's time span. And we already saw from the first two movies he gets shot, cut, and takes numerous punishment throughout, and the 3rd movie is no different. Yet he still has the strength and stamina to keep pulling through which just defies all physical boundaries. I mean in the real world, you don't just get stabbed or shot, stitch it up & pop some pain killers and keep on fighting on like nothing happened, you'd bleed out within minutes. Not only that in pretty much all his fights he takes punishment, yet there is no accumulation of damage, no swelling or slowdown, heck it never even looks like he's breathing hard. I realize it's supposed to be a fast paced movie, but I just think it would be great if they actually added a bit of realism to it, maybe add in the occasional quick rest scene. It just gets to be a bit mechanical and absurd<br/><br/>In the end, it is mindless entertainment, I know they are working on a 4th one and I'll see it of course I'm disappointed. The first movie was refreshing, giving a hint about this secret world of assassins. The second movie gave away a lot of the secrets but still managed to remain somewhat interesting. The third one gave away everything and lost me. There is no plot armor because there is no plot. Just the fact that...like... 90% of the people you know serve the high table. Nah, it isn't worth my time anymore. Body count off the scale. If you don't appreciate gratuitous violence then please rent Bambi ( oh wait there's a fire in it). Best Reeves film since, let me think, oh yes John Wick2. NON-SPOILER REVIEW:<br/><br/>Of all three John Wick films, Parabellum was definitely the most hyped up and anticipated one. A stronger marketing for the film as well as the general buzz that has been surrounding Reeves lately, I was definitely more excited for Parabellum than the previous two, both of which I am fans of.<br/><br/>PROS +:
Like the previous two films, Parabellum is visually stunning. The cinematography is on point and the action and choreography are definitely above standard with each punch and kick and bullet impact packing brutal force. Reeves continues his titular role as the elite hitman John Wick and fulfills it yet again. The acting from other characters overall isn't great but they get their job done in an action movie.<br/><br/>Cons -:
Since the first John Wick, the franchise has been on this slow decline to becoming your average action flick only the bonus is that it has Keanu Reeves. The first film was simple and kept it simple. It came in and did its job as an entertaining action film and ended sweet. I felt the second however, while still a good film, only convoluted and added layers to the overall story that didn't add anything interesting in my opinion. The overarching 'Assassin Order' type plot didn't work for me. Parabellum only expands on said plot. The franchise is becoming more like a first person shooter with long, overextended action sequences and an almost gimmicky storyline that feels tacked on to keep an excuse for the waves upon waves of enemies that are killed. The action is neverending while the story is never expanded upon in any meaningful or fulfilling way. With a fourth film planned and possibly no ending in sight for this franchise, they need to find some way to improve upon the story in my opinion while keeping the action fresh, otherwise the next film is going to be old with the same generic action. Neglecting the story will lead to meaningless action which while loved by many action fans, will leave those wanting an interesting plot of any kind disappointed.<br/><br/>I love Keanu as much as the next person but please, don't let this franchise become the next *insert annual summer release action flick that is forgotten in a year*.<br/><br/>6/10 The action scene is still guaranteed. But only 6 stars can be given because the IQ in the film is getting lower and lower. High table is a fool, nonsense, not simply, tossing for a long time even a person can not do. If I am wick, I will also be against it. The ability is so strong. As a result, a pile of garbage is on my head. Others will give you directions, and in turn will kill others. These three views cannot be accepted. Amazing Action loved it all the way cannot wait for the next part only 2 years to wait i suppose it will be worth it. If you have doubts about if this movie will be as good as the last two then don't worry anymore, this is another great movie.
filled with great action, some very funny jokes, amazing acting, and even a great fight scenes that include some dog's action.
the only thing that wasn't very good was the story... the first two movies show a lot about the world of assassins but here they are focusing more about how John wick is trying to fix his mistakes and deal with the consequences, the twist at the end wasn't great but it does still give you the feeling of wanting to see more like the last two movies.<br/><br/>Overall this is another great entry in the John wick franchise and I recommend you see it in the cinema.
8/10 Other than the Halle Berry part (which was atrocious), the non-action scenes weren't as terrible on this one.<br/><br/>The action was incredible, even if more appropriate for the MCU Falcon and Bucky show than human beings.<br/><br/>Also, literally people just don't want to kill Wick when they can (they just avoid the kill shot for reasons unknown), or they try but he just survives because reasons...<br/><br/>But that's not important. There is potential here, but with so much money (and runtime) put on the action, is clear that they won't ever reach it with a good script and good scenes and a more rounded story. I loved the soundtrack of the movie, every single piece, the cinematography was brilliant too, however the story was lame and predictable. Added no value at all the story. The film started off straight after where the last film left it, with John Wick running, surviving for his life. I have to say I rather enjoyed this film, this really turned into an art form of every which way you can kill someone!<br/><br/>I actually laughed at how ridicules this gotten at times, what a head spinner!<br/><br/>At multiple points it felt like I was watching a computer game, it's as if Call of Duty had come to life. The use of weapons, the angle of the shot, the way in which they have achieved every element of the film.<br/><br/>You get a breather in the middle of film when John meets the top of the chain of bad guys then it's straight back into the action. By the end you are left hanging wondering where they are going to from here, what ever happens in the next film I have a feeling it's going to be as good as this one. The best chapter for my man abo wick. It's a fabulous chapter mate trust me Maybe it is easy to critic a hard work, but comparing to the previous two, I feel sorry about how they made this chapter.<br/><br/>In 2014, the first JW came out as an explosion to me. It was an excellent movie from almost every point (in case I miss any). A very touching story between John and Helen, a legendary story of the Baba Yaga. The story started from touching the limit of a prof. assassin. This one has very clean fighting scenes, ruthless, efficient, no hesitation, totally lives up to the characteristic of John they tried to make. The end was also good that with a little twist.<br/><br/>The second chapter was also good. John was forced back to business. Somehow the part of Helen was ignored in this chapter but the good thing is they maintained the quality of shooting and fighting scenes, which somewhat compensates the weak story line from the emotional perspective.<br/><br/>But this one? I can see that they try to put the story line of Helen back again but they did it in a way very awkward by mentioned Helen's name at several points which are not necessary. They increased the weight of fight scene, like the typical Hollywood style, which is fine. What disappoints me was they made them in such a bad way, like the typical Hollywood style as well! If you are a fan of martial art action movie, I am sure you will notice those bad guys wait to be cued in inside the camera (in the background) and they made it so obvious. The motor chase was also badly made. In my opinion, those motor guys were there doing nothing but waiting to be smashed. And the last fight was totally unprofessional at all. The bad guys fight John with fair competition spirit as professional assassins. I mean, seriously?<br/><br/>I do still have expectation to chapter 4. I hope they can make it back on track. Highly recommend, expands the story and the world even more This was an awesome movie!! Two hours of pure epicness and the best thing about these movies is that they only get better! This is the best of the three. It starts off right where the second one ends. The connection between the movies is a huge plus point.<br/><br/>The acting and story were great! The action was fantastic and very well choreographed! The scene coordination was wonderful. I was glued to the theatre screen because of how wonderful it was! Hats off to Keanu Reeves and director Chad Stahelski! I can't wait for the fourth one! Incredible!! Boban!!! Great action flick. Best of the trilogy. The best JW ever the first two were very good but this one is awesome Well, I've given it such a rate probably only because most of the scenes were fighting scenes, no story what so ever. the movie is pure action. I don't see why its classified as a thriller movie. John Wick: Prepare for War (Parabellum)<br/><br/>Now all of the John Wick movies released thus far have been adrenaline filled and action packed. This one seemed slower at times but the action scenes get better with every movie and this one does not disappoint. You see John Wick fight on horseback like a modern day horseman of death, on a motorcycle zoomin' and shootin' fools, and underwater where the bullets are drastically slowed. There is even a badass knife throwing fight and also an epic sword duel. The senseless violence is brutal and just so freakin awesome and realistic! Also, there are some Matrix references in this movie besides Lawrence Fishburne teaming up again, we get the old "how about I give you the finger line", and the"I need guns, lots of guns" line! Keanu Reeves is a true badass because he still does his own stunts and knows actual fighting and gun techniques. Halle Berry appears in this film as well, and she actually comes across as an absolute badass as well! **Spoiler** She has these two attack dogs that are vicious and follow her every command! Great action film per usual, and one hell of a ride. John Wick will return more pissed off than ever!<br/><br/>P.S. **Spoiler** All I could think of when the Sushi Samurai guy was chasing John Wick was them playing a game of tag, especially when John Wick put his hand on the Continental stairs and the guy couldn't touch him because he was safe so to speak. OMG...What a thrill, what a ride!
Best action movie of all times hands down and pritty close up there with such heavy waights of cinema history such as Shawshank Redemption and way not, 2001, A Space Odyssey.
I kid you not, just go to the cinema and watch it. You will be blown away.
My friend Vlajko was stunned, he just kept repeating..."Best movie ever...best movie ever..."
And I watched my other friend, Milos, he was in shock, with his jaw dropped, amazing...
There are few word to describe this pure masterpiece, this poetry in motion.
You will have to watch it and thank me later. To Whom It May concern,<br/><br/>
I have an idea about the next John Wick movie and back story .<br/><br/>One story line could include several of John Wicks former opponents and associates could team together 'reorganize ' the High Table.
You could have the Cassian character team up with John.
We need to revisit the Mr Sommelier character join the team and recommend FN models this time. Some statements about Belgium , a reference to Most Battle-Proven Firearm and the armor piercing capabilities of the 5.7x 28.<br/><br/>The Adjudicator position could get explained to expose the process of becoming one or the internal politics.<br/><br/>And of course The Director could have been his adopted mother and the 'dancing ' aspect of his history could be thrilling.<br/><br/>Lastly , the Charon character saved the Winston character years ago helped him become the owner proprietor of The Continental.<br/><br/>Oh and all I want to to be an extra in the movie. This is the third installment of the John Wick franchise and it promises us more to come, it really goes to show just what an amazing job Keanu Reeves and the entire team behind this franchise has created. Originally intended to be a one and done action revenge tale has grown into an expansive universe of assassins and contract killers. The continued exploration of this facet of the John Wick cinematic universe was one of the best parts of this movie, exploring the different factions and cogs that go into this whole underworld of assassins.<br/><br/>John Wick also brought us the franchise's trademark action sequences filmed with minimal cuts to present us with that raw, meat on meat action that we are accustomed to expect in a John Wick movie. In many ways this movie is as expected, not bringing much surprises or twists but rather, building on expanding the intricacies of this fascinating world.<br/><br/>John Wick as a franchise thrives in action and this expansive world building but centers around the core value of revenge and man's best friend. If you going into this movie expecting serious storytelling and intricately imbedded themes and symbolism, what are you doing at a John Wick film? However, I do think that if this franchise were to continue growing it must take a stronger focus on narrative because the wall to wall action is starting to have less and less of an impact. While so far the franchise has managed to reinvent its action it would be an interesting idea to explore deeper themes and grow beyond its original shell. In fact, expectations have not met for this chapter , I like the first and second chapters more, this part I expect it was boring some , The story also did not appeal to me and was very boring . Wickyverse:
1. No police, SWAT, FBI, etc..?
2. If all the assassins going for Wick, would there any left to hire?
And, oh..
a. No need to change suit
b. Not even takes the jacket off in the desert?<br/><br/>It is Die Hard in A Suit. Every chapter of this movie makes me so excited.
John Wick is a legend for modern times which we live in.
Everybody waiting for killing John. Time ticks and one man against to the world of killers.
And yes all of these started because of a puppy and a car. This situation always makes me laugh.
I love you Keanu and thanks for being John.
I can't wait for chapter 4. Please make it so fast. So that means lots of action, very simple plot lines and involving as many ethnic groups as possible. HE is indestructible, very little different to deadpool. Quite a bit of Doggie action , the very occassional laugh, and its well set up for JW4 PARODEE. At some points I couldnt tell whwther it was being serious or ironic.
Lots n Lots of fights a'la Jackie Chan ... WHy dont all the bad guys rush him at once, instead of waiting politely to bash his head in. And the "high Table", wot a bleedin codswallop. Kudos to Laurence Fishburne,lance redick. ANd update your office you fax and telegraph lombardians! If you're a fan, JW3 does not disappoint.<br/><br/>Action and violence. Many deaths<br/><br/>JW3 picks up right where JW2 left off and moves right along. Won't give anything away, but if you like watching John kill a whole lot of people than this will work for you. It is nice to see Keanu Reeves launch a franchise on his own, with a fresh new mythology and familiar old faces. From the start, it seems the cinematographer wanted to make his own "Blade Runner" tribute. It is always dark and raining. Florescent lights line the walkways. The set design continues to become more textured each sequel. The story continues to add new mythology (rules of the game) with each outing as well. The new mythology actually builds a journey through Wick's past, as he connects with people from his past. Like a good graphic novel, this is very adult (in terms of violence) but very comic book in its reality. The way the 'rules' are laid out, it is a more advanced society of honor among thieves (or assassins).<br/><br/>A little more conflict and world building includes the resistance to the 'High Table' by Winston, the manager of the Continental Hotel. Resistance also comes in the form of Laurence Fishburne, in which you can't help but think about Neo and Morpheus when they are together. The antagonist here is a snooty woman who is capable of laying judgement on our heroes with a simple phone call. Such is their orderly system of bounty hunting. Also on her side is an attention craving fighter that wants to be considered an equal to Wick. He is the designated big last bad guy that doesn't have any real scenes until the end of the 3rd act.<br/><br/>Along the way, Wick finds safe harbor while being chased by fellow assassins by old chums who owe Wick a favour. Of these compadres, Angelica Huston steals the show as a ballet director who seems to take pleasure in torturing her dancers. These old chums are opportunities to add some additional scenic design, and makes for interesting world building as the franchise grows larger.<br/><br/>Oh, then there is the action. I must admit I enjoy this kind of action only so much, and then it gets tedious. On the one hand, this franchise was built in inventive choreography when it comes to fighting scenes, both with weapons and without. So there is an intense kind of variable that is enjoyable, such as a fight taking place in front of large displays of knives. On the other hand, the extended fight sequences start to become less thrilling as they become more commonplace. Even with the addition of Halle Barry and some attack dogs, it seems to be an endless enigma, where there is always yet another higher-up person to find and kill.<br/><br/>This franchise began with a fun alternate-world where everyone is basically a servant to the criminal overlords. The reverence to the 'rules' that everyone obeys over fear of the chaos that would ensue without them. This world is fun to see fleshed-out, and certainly must show some real expansion for the 4th outing.<br/><br/>Overall, a franchise that relies heavily on the same type of physical action scenes, it has no justification to clock in over 2 hours, and the tedium set in as the third act dragged on. The filmmakers should remember their roots and keep the pacing slick and trim. This third installment of the John Wick trilogy follows the same recipe for success of its predecessors, having great actors, action galore and a good plot. As you might expect, the action part is the one that counts, featuring countless fights, shooting and spectacular moves which makes it a delight to watch, if you're into this type of movies like I am. The main characters do their job very well, helped of course by the plot which is good, and keep the viewer interested the entire time. It's not predictable, it's not boring and it's not without a couple of twists to spice things up from time to time.<br/><br/>To point out some less awesome aspects of this film, I have to remark the exaggerations in the overall combat scenes. I know it's based on exaggerations but this time it feels they've gone a bit too far with them. It isn't something that can bother but their there to be found if you pay close attention. Another aspect might be the plot itself. As I said before, it's good and it does its job well, but I felt that it could have had a bit more substance, which would have brought it closer to the first movie's.<br/><br/>Overall, I can say that I found what I was looking for. A great action movie which delivers plenty of drama and suspense, impresses with its fighting and shooting sequences thanks to some remarkable scenes but also thanks to some great actors who've done their job once again very well in making it all a great watch. Also contains spoilers about JW 1 and 2.<br/><br/>First: I liked JW 1 better than JW 2 because it had the better story, music and characters. JW 1 was a bit slow at the beginning and ended in a forgettable fistfight between John and the main villain but overall I liked it better than the second part which didn't have much of a story and contained some bizarre action in a mirror maze.<br/><br/>Now the third part was interesting. Some questions of the second part were answered, some loose ends were tied up. The people who claim that this movie is 80-90 % action are exaggerating. I thought it was about fifty percent action and 50 % story. The story was good, the locations were beautiful. Some new characters were introduced. I especially liked the Adjudicator. The character Mark Dacascos was playing seemed a bit creepy in the trailers but turned out to be intriguing. The movie was not as brutal as chapter 2 but that didn't bother me. The ending promises a fourth part which I'm going to watch.<br/><br/>Overall, I liked it even better than the first part and will watch it again. Full action packed + comedy and some hunting!! Just amazing ðŸ”¥ Mindless, endless, and relentless. That's three words i can describe for this sequel. Aside from slow and boring second phase, it pays off with the amazing third phase The whole dark scene of the underground continues. The music, characters, interpretation, acting and everything else is performed on extremely high level. The story is amazing together with the action scenes. The John Wick character is amazing because he is the best assassin there, yet he has some vulnerabilities that drives his focus and commitment.<br/><br/>I absolutely love all of the chapters but I think this is the best one yet. Awesome job, awesome people, awesome movie! Cannot fault the camera work or fight choreography. However, plot weak and puerile dialogue... if there really was any Really enjoyed this movie and it definitely lives up to the standard of the previous 2 films. The action starts from the first minute and continues until the end - there lies its drawback. The choreography is phenomenal in the first and second big fights and fizzles out by the end where the "boss battle" feels unenthused and slow paced. The final battle is also similar to the idea they used in the second film which feels a little lazy and unoriginal.
Halle Berry's role is great but is easily overshadowed by her dogs which are badass.
Overall the film has plenty of action and inventive kills but it is far too long, you could definitely take a good 10 minutes out of the fight at the end.
Would still recommend and would watch again. That's all I can say about the film. Action-packed film with Keanu Reeves doing stuff that no average 54-year-old would do. I can't wait for the next installment in 2021 Wick is now become more bigger,more bolder & now,you get to know that he can killed a man with a book also. I've seen the other John Wick movies so I thought I knew what to expect going into this one, but I was way off. Oh my.. this movie had me feeling sooo stressed - in the best way possible! Keanu is an absolute machine and I have major respect for him after this! Halle Berry was amazing as well. They made such a perfect team! I really wish that she was in the movie for longer than what only felt like about 15 minutes.<br/><br/>This is what you call an true action movie, in my opinion. All of the jaw-dropping/cringe-inducing action came from John's insane training with guns, knives, and martial arts. I honestly felt like I was a changed woman after walking out of the theatre. Any innocence I had left in me is now gone, hah!<br/><br/>If you want to witness some mad skill and be taken on an super intense ride, go see this movie! But if you are sensitive to brutal violence, this is definitely not the movie for you.<br/><br/>Watching the first 2 movies before this one isn't exactly necessary, but it helps to set up the storyline as to why John is being hunted, as each movie picks up where the previous one ends.<br/><br/>I can't wait to see what Chapter 4 will offer us after that ending...! And I can't imagine what else they could show us that we haven't already seen at this point. The third entry in the ongoing Wick saga starring the always game Keanu Reeves is pretty much par for the course, more of the same but done w/the inherent professionalism & ace action choreography we come to expect from this series. Picking up moments after his ex-communication (& with minutes to spare), Wick must call on some favors (one from a Russian mob leader played by Angelica Huston & another from Halle Berry, a woman he did a favor for) in order to skip town before everyone & their mother collects the 14 million & counting bounty to kill him. Meanwhile an adjudicator (played by Asia Kate Dillon) arrives in town to mete out justice to the entities which provided Wick w/help; Ian McShane's hotel owner & Laurence Fishburne, the Bowery King) whom she gives a week's time to settle their affairs before an Japanese enforcer (Mark Dacascos) settles their affairs for them. Employing every manner of firearm imaginable, goons are dispatched like the mail w/the requisite violence & gore at a maximum. If done right this series can pretty much go on until Reeves becomes uninterested or God forbid he dies while filming a particularly dangerous stunt but these films (really inspired by the Donald Westlake Parker novels where the hierarchy of organized crime is run like a business only to have one of their own call foul when their activities involve him), Wick is the last honest man in a world of dishonest men trying to maintain some dignity while meting out his own brand of final retribution. Can't wait for the next one. The John Wick films function through their own reality-bending, stylistic rules. For these films, the style is the substance, and this is no exception. Mind-blowing action sequences with some of the best choreography you can imagine. Long and boring fighting scenes without any exciting plot Action packed movie. Super duper movie. John wick is fantastic Bigger and better. Expands on plot from prior two films. Expands on judo/jutjitsu, adds knife and sword play and attack dogs. The training that goes into these is tremendous. I highly recommend watching the Taran Tactical YouTube videos on training done by Keanu and Halle prior to watching the movie. It will give you much more of an appreciation as to what it takes to do what they do on film. Action scenes are extended which is much more difficult. My hopes were high, maybe that's why I was so disappointed. Action was amazing. But wow, it was overkill and the plot got lost in the violence. Don't get me wrong, I love me a kick ass movie, but I need a little plot, too. And to stay alive just to remember Helen...not enough. The violence was Kill Bill style which felt like it undermined the prestige of the franchise. Halle Berry and her dogs were the best part of the entire movie. She was so bad ass. Sorry. Wanted to love this movie so much. This needs a 10/10 for sure. Loved the story and action. Well worth the wait. I expect this movie to win a lot of awards. The story and the world keep expanding. It is like peeling an onion and removing its layers. Every Chapter is a new layer and I can't wait for the next one.
The cinematography is stunning!
The action is almost non-stop and so ingenious!
The acting is superb, off course! Everyone does a great job but above all Keanu. He is amazing!!!! Ok.....we know what to expect since the first film but at some point this is getting tiresome. not even superman (a matter of speech) would survive so much beating......a free fall....bullets...etc...etc...
cause we loved first two films we wanted to see how the saga ends.
unfortunately it doesn't end.
we will get part 4 and as long as this makes money we will get part 5,6,7...etc...etc.
we will see john blow up and still...alive.
this may be fun at first........not anymore.
apart from that the movie started well with lots of fight scenes and impressive chases but somewhere in the middle of the movie the scenario gave up in favor of the fights.
for me this should be the last entry.
I will not go see part 4. the soup is not tasty anymore. Perfect installment in popular franchise. I find screen play was to the point. As always movie is filled with well executed action sequences. .....but thats not saying much, anyone who rates this any higher than 7/10 really should start watching better and/or more varied films. Might very well receive, and in fact deserve, an Oscar nomination for set-design and special effects, but there will certainly be none for screenplay or acting. Though, if you look carefully at Wick's face during the final martial arts skirmish in the glass house, you will see flashes of human emotion on the actor's face. Alas, nothing resembling human feelings crack through his blank stare at any other time in the movie. Remarkable amounts of high quality violence are scattered throughout, but we need to know if the weaponized dogs were trained to attack the men's private parts - or are these dogs related to the bear in THE REVENANT? It gives one paws.
And it might not be an accident that the movie's first weapon (in the NYC Public Library) is a book - a very old, rare book. Are the screenplay "writers" sending us a subliminal message not to expect anything like an intelligible story for the next 2 hours? Are books the enemy of movies such as this?
It seems so. Still, it's a popular movie, so I guess that's something. Action scenes were as expected with great choreography. Otherwise I was let down by the poor hale berry fight scenes, some slow fight scenes that felt more fake, a poor story line, unrealistic (many chances guys in movie could have killed John but decide not to so they can continue fighting) and less of that cool music in the fight scenes we enjoyed in the first 2 films. Overall I would say 3/5 but did not compare to predecessors. The best of the series so far! Tons of unique action and great actors. What a rush from start to finish! No need to hope for a banquet of action because someone ordered ahead for you as in all you can eat non-stop have your fill food here. Here is the question: Is it kill or be killed? or Be killed or kill? These are the stakes. In all fairness if you know by now (after all this is movie #3) that John Wick will not be killed the fights become slightly less engaging. Think: Have you ever over-eaten? While indulging you don't stop to consider stopping and as a result go past your "full" point making all that eating pleasure for naught. Same concept here. If people want to kill you and you don't oblige them over and over again we now approach that bloating feeling of I have had too much. That's the danger here. Now of course the exceptions should be respected. 1. People like to get their inner shoot- em up out and John Wick helps that along. 2. If you are into video games which are so real to life and play out just like this movie, you will get your high here. Wick #1 had me. Wick #2 had me. In Wick #3, I started to feel had. Shoot me once shame on you. Shoot me twice, shame on me. Shoot me a third time and we all die of the concept here. Wick #4? I cannot conceive of it and please don't do it unless I start rooting that he finally die! John Wick Chapter 3 is action packed with great story. Its continues to get better with every new movie. For those that think sequels are never better than the previous movie, well John Wick will change your mind. A must see for John Wick fans. I didn't expect this installment to knock my socks off, since we all know the more sequels there are the worse they get. And it was as expected.
Not as good as JW2, and a far cry from original JW.
Original was more simpler, raw, sometimes even heartfelt, basically Believable. Second did venture a bit into a little overkill with story, but still sustained its original simplicity. This one is a bit too much, too much CGI, where at times it felt like all these childish, lame super hero movies lately, along with almost absurd plot. Halle Berry didn't add sex appeal, nor substance to the movie either, or even reason.. This is pure action. from the beginning of this movie till, there was not a single scene that wasn't interesting. The inclusion of Halley and her dogs made everything better. This is pure action. from the beginning of this movie till, there was not a single scene that wasn't interesting. The inclusion of Halley and her dogs made everything better. I came into this with high expectations this film exceeded them everything is done right I will see this again in the theater Keanu Reeves just nails this role and is just a great person that's all I can say I'm really speechless Best Action thriller ever!!!!
Keanu Reeves has done extraordinary effort in this film. So satisfying! A master piece movie with nothing decent to complain about. A mosh pit of amazing ideas, the movie keeps hitting you with original fight scenes, brilliant plot and never seen before environment control both from the characters and our point of view, without letting a moment go unused from start to finish. I saw things I've been waiting for years for someone to do (or to do right) and I didn't manage to predict a single thing..and for that and because this movie is precisely what it was trying to be, for the first time, it get's a 10/10 from me. Keenu Reeves is always amazing to be watched.His expressions and style while fighting proves why he is the best among others. One of the best action films I have ever scene! Love the shooting scenes, love the fighting scenes and love the funny scenes which was a bonus! John Wick may not be as sharp as he was in his prime but he makes up for that with pure brutality and no mercy attitude to anyone that gets in his way! Best John Wick film out of the 3 and I can't wait to see Chapter 4! Must see . Uncut scenes and brave action sequences take the movie to a different level. Back when the original John Wick's trailer came out most people expected that it would just be your run of the mill revenge movie starring Keanu Reeves, just with a dog. But then it ended up being one of the best action movies of the past decade, showing us great fight sequences in film at a time when Liam Neeson was still learning how to jump over a fence in less than 15 different cuts. Then John Wick: Chapter 2 came out, further raising the bar with even more ambitious fight choreography and expanding on the world of assassins. Now John Wick 3 cements the franchise as one of the most consistently entertaining action trilogies.<br/><br/>Starting less than an hour after the previous film, John Wick is on the run after after being given a 14 million dollar bounty on his head for killing one of the leaders of the assassins organisation, which every assassin wants a piece of. And it turns out there are a lot of assassins in the world, as no matter where Wick goes he's swarmed by opponents at every turn, including armored SWAT teams, the villains from the raid movies and the host of Iron Chef.<br/><br/>In a film that's mostly non-stop action, it never gets dull or repetitive. In large part, this is because the filmmakers have a strong understanding on how to incorporate their surroundings into the film to add variety to these sequences. Largely this is because John Wick is able to improvise with using anything as a weapon, with John using knives, guns, motorbikes, dogs, books, his belt, horses and his own fists to keep each fight unique. Other times it's just a strong understanding of how to shoot the sequence to keep the sequences kinetic and visually interesting.<br/><br/>At the centre of this is Keanu Reeves himself, who put months of training to pull off some of these unbelievable sequences. Though a lot of credit also has to go to everyone behind the scenes for pulling off so many ambitious sequences. Especially for one sequence which takes place in a room made almost entirely from glass which had me genuinely wondering how they were able to perform these sequences without anyone getting seriously injured.<br/><br/>As with the previous two films, these brutally fight sequences are often contrasted with just how insane this world of assassins are. Just like the previous films, there aren't any expository information dumps and instead we just get to see how this world operates and understand the characters history through the way they interact with one another. This time we get to see how the chain of leadership works and how separate factions have developed amongst these assassins.<br/><br/>A big part of building up this world comes from the supporting cast being filled with memorable personalities. The villains aren't just one note psychotic villains, but instead they have a genuine admiration for John Wick and even end up fanboying when they get the chance to fight him. Even smaller roles like Jason Mantzoukas as the Tick Tock Man leave a memorable impression with relatively little screen time.<br/><br/>Though the best addition is definitely Halle Berry. She's essentially playing the female version of John, having also escaped the life of an assassin and who also has a keen fondness for dogs. She apparently did several months of both combat training and dog training, which she's able to show off throughout her scenes in a big way.<br/><br/>Also this film franchise has convinced me that at least a tenth of the population in these films must be a part of this organisation since that's the only way this world could function as it does in the film, which just makes it all the more entertaining. The world itself is so well developed that I'd even be open to seeing some spin-off movies following other assassins like Halle Berry for future films. Though I'm still hoping to see more from Keanu in these films since it does seem like his ideal role and if these films continue the way that they're going, I expect that John Wick Chapter 4 will end up containing the most ambitious sequences yet. Great action flick. Maintains at the same level of 1 & 2! Highly recommend. Gosh, my heartbeat beat fast during the film, more brutal, blood splattered everywhere. When he cut his finger for the high table I screamed, shocked with the scene, because he hurt his self. But, I really like this part 3, it had funny scenes. The first one was when sophie command to sit then john sit, she said it was for her dogs 😅. The second one was when john sat wait for the winston then zero come sit very near next to him just like lovers do😜, then john felt uncomfortable so he moved to the other chair 😂. The third one was when the indonesian villians talked with john during the fighting with their native languange (i'm proud because that's my native language too). Well, overall this film was about how john wick was bulletproof and had seven life just like a cat 😁. One man once said - 'if you're going through hell, keep going' and this is exactly what applies to this movie. It starts off right after the last movie ended and John is totally screwed. He has to manage almost impossible task of staying alive and the way he does it made my and my sister's jaws drop :D<br/><br/>What can you really say about a movie like this... It does what every great sequel should do - it expands the characters and the world, it gives you more memorable scenes, amazing setpieces, new creative ways of John slaughtering his enemies and the best thing is that it's self aware of its ridiculousness :)<br/><br/>Action scenes are just bonkers. Gorgeous wide shots of chaotic, cartoonishly violent gun-fu action. This time it's not only guns though. Swords, axes, knives, horses, cool sidekick with dogs, it's beautiful.<br/><br/>The balance of quieter character moments and bombastic actions is great. I love the references to Matrix, dudes from Raid serie make an appearance (and they kick ass :), overall it's just a great time for every action movie fan<br/><br/>Highly recommended With a little less story and much more action Baba Yaga is back for more, the dark world of professional assassins gets deeper and darker Action packed, lots of guns, shooting, knives, hand to hand fighting, as usual John Wick is the legend! Love it! Really enjoyed the film, the actions scenes are to be expected. At times, tries to be funny when really not needed, especially with one of the characters. I'm already predicting that this will be the best action movie of the year. I don't see how anything can top this. I don't even know how chapter 4 will be able to top this. This was the first John Wick movie I've seen in theaters and the experience is way better then watching at home. Watching with an audience just makes the already great movie even better. The action is non stop and jaw dropping to say the least. It could have been that I was in a theater but this movie seemed most intense. The gun shots were loud and you could feel every bullet, every stab, every kick, and every punch. Halle Berry stole her action seen with a physical performance I wasn't expecting. I don't know how I feel about the ending. This is the kind of movie where if you think about the plot to much you can get annoyed. But the John Wick series is based off amazing action with thin plots and and this movie delivers with the best action in the whole series. I highly recommend seeing this movie in theaters. John Wick films are anything but subtle...and that's why we go see them!
This film starts up right were "2" left off and starts on a roll.
The action is full bore and the addition of the lovely, and deadly, Halle Berry was genius. {Her character's dogs steal every scene they're in and {spoiler alert}...they live!
Interesting deep(ish) dive into John's history and the mythos of "The High Table".
Not bogged down with a huge amount of depth but the action more than makes up for it.
Inevitably, this film is leading to another chapter but this is a franchise I can get behind for pure, violent escapism. If you liked John Wick 1 and 2. You're going to LOVE this! Great fight scenes and easy to watch! Awesome action film overall! Highly recommend. As expected and more than expected movie was full of action good dialogues and interesting storyline bit exaggerated in some combat scenes but still very enjoyable, kenau simply holds your attention really good more action movies should go by john wick steps Not the best John Wick movie, but it's loaded with tons of action. Only negative is Halle Berry. She is not a good actress. She is out-shined by a couple of dogs. Thankfully, she's not in the entire movie. Some scenes are more graphic than any other in previous movies...well almost equal to the pencil scene in the second movie. Stylish action, beautiful choreography & lightening in night scenes, new ninja tricks, even #JohnWick is the non comic book charector that has been made memorable for the generations just like as #Neo. .
#Parabellum High Tables, Baga Yaga coming for you in 4th instalment. (4th instalment is in work) John Wick 3 doesn't disappoint. They open up the John Wick universe, which needed to happen, but some of the decisions being made were a bit dumb but not enough to ruin the move or anything. Solid movie but don't read into the 95+% Rotten Tomatoes scores. The first 30 mins alone are worth the ticket price. I mean this movie is INTENSE! Some of the action sequences go on for so long that you start to wonder if they are ever going to end... And it's not just the "more is better" approach, they really came up with some creative ideas to up their game in this chapter. The time and energy that must have went into each scene is incredible! The visuals and each set are a work of art. Sequels usually get worse over time, but this franchise is determined to keep getting better (much like Mission Impossible). I usually can't give action movies that are this gratuitous such a high rating but Wick 3 earned it! 90's era was considered as the best for action movies.There were so many cool movies in that era and with time,technology did a lot of advancements and actions movies were filled with unnecessary cgi which was quite irritating and slowly most of the action movies produced in recent time have turned out to be quite average plus science fiction and super hero genre started catching up and people are pretty much obsessed with it now.If you look at the highest grossing films of the last decade or so you will find so many super hero and science fiction films.John wick might not have grossed that much but it changed the way how actions movies are looked.The movie was much better than i expected,the performances of each actor were really good but what struck me is that how smoothly they have shown us the actions scenes.The scenes look so natural and the camera hardly shakes.This is the kind of action films we need in the future. 2nd movie set high bar and i'm not sure if 3rd movie surpassed. At first time it didn't deliver for me, but i wanted to see it again. After watching it 2nd time I appreciate the action sequences and admire how they were made. It lacked in some scenes good dynamic background music, which was done perfectly in 2nd movie. There are some cheesy moments in story and ending is not what I expected and wanted.<br/><br/>1st movie was like "Revenge drama"
2nd movie was like "Gun fu musical"
3rd movie is like "Ballet with guns and knives" Not just amazingly choreographed but incredibly well written, with intricate subtle setups for later set pieces and moments.<br/><br/>There is a 20 minute stretch in the middle that does take a nonsensical leap into lore-town that really doesn't fit and is, to be honest, quite strange and un-welcome. Though apart from that this is possibly my favourite cinema experience in the last year. Absolutely fantastic to watch, action on top of action. Awesome hardcore action movie. Had a great time at theatre. Cant wait for 4 chapter!! Let me be as blunt as I can. This movie is a much watch for action lovers. There's limited dialogue, subtle and enjoyable humor and interest twist. The reason I dont give it a 10 is because it missed something .. Cant tell you what it is but I felt it in return of the king final battle and in Matrix Reload Highway scene . It has brutal fatalities and plenty of knife fight . I found the fight scenes different from the 2 others movie, it was refreshing and they were more detailed .<br/><br/>The dog scene was awesome and Hally Berry did really good. We've got to know more characters and this bring more options for chapter 4 .<br/><br/>I would of like a more epic final battle in the case john wick would of die but knowing that there will be a 4 th and knowing that he will be fighting alongside with lawrence , Hally and probably Winston against the high table for a huge epic finale is promising .<br/><br/>What I liked most is that every kills or action scenes could actually happen in real life , theres no captain marvel and theres no hulk there only Skilled assasin's that trained all their life. they dont jump from towers to towers in Cars either ( fast and furious ) . Please note that I liked the fast and furious movies but you can clearly see that actors from the john wick movie actually worked hard to make these scenes credible.<br/><br/>To me it is the new era of action movies and so far John wick is the one to beat .<br/><br/>thanks The movie was great but we could have done without so much sword and dagger scenes at the end. Went to sleep with 5 min if sword fighting in the glass room. The normal few shots with a gun would have kept up with his image. This is definitely the best of an already great series. John wick is action packed and a thrilling adventure. This series keeps developong its world in brilliant ways that do not hold your hand. I hope they keep making them! If you want an intricate story, or deep character development, or sweet water romance, go see another movie.<br/><br/>This is the movie for action fans, where we can actually see and understand the action. And the body count is REALLY high as promissed.<br/><br/>As the 3rd entry in the franchise, it did not disappoint. The movie simply assumes you watched the first two and starts from there, no explanation given (if you didn't, go and watch them before). And starts with intense, brutal action, and simply keeps building. No time was wasted on explanations, or detailed character development, even for new ones like Halle Berry.<br/><br/>Trully a masterpiece of excitement, if you love good action. I did not even see the 2 hours go by. Avengers was a 3 hour movie, but had less than 1 third of action. This movie has at least 3/4 of action.<br/><br/>Action fans will not be disappointed and will love the movie. Simply go and see it. So much fighting and death with a sprinkle of humor and story. This movie turned my stomach a few times from all the violence. Like all the John wick movies they don't explain much but you just get caught up in the movie and figure it out. Front start to finish the action never stops. If this movie doesn't satisfy any person that likes action movies, you were sleeping during this movie. I don't know how each chapter gets better and better but it does! Fist pumping, clapping, and cringe worthy "oooo...."s were constant in my showing. Awesome movie, awesome action. When I hear Keanu's name I immediately think John Wick. Go see it! The movie is very good. This is really the best saga of action in ALL THE CINEMA STORY. The scenes of action and choreography are overcome with each film, it has the best ones of the 3 movies. The first 20 minutes are A DELIGHT. If there is something wrong that I must say is that it is only action and action again, in the end I was already tired of so much fighting after fighting; I would have liked a better script, because it lacks development and 2 hours 10 minutes seemed long at the end; they take off 20 and it looks good, or rather, they leave 20 but with a better plot development. Another thing is that they want to force Halle Berry's character, Sophia, to ask for more of her (by the way her dogs are amazing), they show her a lot and they take away Keanu Reeves's weight in the scene to get me a spin-off, but I prefer the Common of the second installment. And finally, they went through the verisimilitude of the film, there is one thing in the end that I do not buy. It is not the end of a trilogy, now is when it begins and we have a UNBOUND John for the fourth. I already want to see more. John Wick is back, and the third film in the franchise combines impressive action and world-building to create a unique blend of neo-noir thrills that fans of this series will probably really enjoy. "John Wick: Chapter 3--Parabellum" is not without its imperfections, but the film has much to like about it. The film picks up pretty much just after where the second film left off, as Wick is about to be designated "excommunicado" with a $14 million bounty on his head for killing someone in a Continental Hotel near the end of the second film, which is strictly prohibited if blood is spilled in the hotel. This film contains incredibly impressive and visceral action scenes that incorporate all types of action techniques, from bare-knuckle fights to gun-fu to motorcycle chasing and more. The action is so intense that you will leave the theater a bit exhausted (in a good way,) and the last time I felt that way after watching a movie was back when I saw "Mad Max: Fury Road" in theaters four years ago. Thankfully, the film's trailers don't spoil much of the best action that the film has to offer. The sheer stylization and choreography of all the action is truly astonishing, as is the film's inspirations that manage to span the globe--which include traditional Russian ballet all the way to "The Raid"-style fight sequences from Indonesian cinema.<br/><br/>Also impressive in the film is the sense of world-building present, as the mythology of what it's like to be an assassin in the "John Wick" universe is fleshed out here in far more detail. The scenes set inside the Continental are stunningly shot and lit, and helps provide context surrounding the action that we see. Occasionally, the film's narrative can almost be too reliant on its action sequences. This is not a huge burden on the film given just how impressive the action is, but it still does work to the actual plot line's detriment in some way. The other criticism I have of the film is that it could have used dialogue to further develop the characters and plot more. While the "John Wick" films have always been known for primarily focusing on action over dialogue, the writing that exists in the film is often somewhat redundant in nature when you consider that key plot details spoken in the film's dialogue are often clearly conveyed during one of the many action scenes. That said, those who enjoy this franchise will certainly get a genuine thrill out of watching this film on the big screen. 7.5/10 The John Wick series is one that you can trust will provide you with great action sequences from hand to hand combat, gun fights, and vehicular combat. Chapter 3 is no exception to this and it has some excellent stunt work as well as extends upon the backstory and builds on the hitman world that John resides in even more. This one is just as enjoyable as the first two and I highly recommend it. 10/10 set pieces
10/10 stunts, shootouts, hand fights
5/10 music and final battle song. Theme is from previous parts and its still great.
10/10 ending and bridge for final chapter<br/><br/>BRACE FOR
Cassablanca sequence
John Wick backstory
Dogs
Ending
References to Matrix, Raid 2<br/><br/>Almost every sequence has absolutely insane, beautiful set pieces framed with perfect colours and shades.
Sequences in casablanca , library or in continental are awesome. Yea, story or Keanu as an actor arent the gold masterpiece of acting/writing (personally i dont like how Keanu is speaking, how he interacts with people - he is fair but he isnt so much enjoyable in dialogues. But i love Keanu as a human being). But the WHOLE movie is absolutely staggering. This series is destroying every boundaries and its obvious this is Stahelski´s lifetime project. He became an absolute supremo of so called "Modern B action flick". Stahelski isnt boring, isnt cheap. He thinks, he brainstorms, he WANTS YOU TO HAVE FUN. Parrabelum is SO MANY MILE AHEAD from the second chapter. As expected , deeper background of EVERYTHING (backstory of Wick himself, High Table, universe expansion).
Chapter 2 was the worst from this trilogy, third part is the best because is not so linear , predictable and non-enjoyable (for multiple viewings) as second or first part. Technically, its the best action movie ever since Matrix (in way of inventive elements.)
MUST SEE.. Any film that has a motorcycle ninja sword fight chase can only mean awesomeness Great fighting. Loved everything except for that Asia chick, she was a horrible addition and terrible actress IMO. Great fun. The best way I can describe the production of the John Wick films is slick. Everything from the direction, camerawork, fight choreography, set design, music and lighting is superbly polished, making it gorgeous to watch. John Wick: Chapter 3 carries this on very effectively.<br/><br/>It's just glorious action cinema from start to finish. Keanu Reeves is just a living legend at this point with how he commits fully to the role. Stahelski also rightly gets much praise for how he handles the fight sequences with such grace.<br/><br/>Somehow the action has managed to keep on improving from the first instalment, and the brutality is also upped as well, which I didn't think would be possible after what was delivered in Chapter 2.<br/><br/>The additions to the cast are also pretty good. Halle Berry is solid, although her character is not involved nearly as much as I thought she was going to be. Mark Dacascos was also great as Zero, who was a worthy foe for John to take on in hand-to-hand combat. The introduction of Asia Kate Dillon as the Adjudicator was also intriguing, as it gave us our first glimpse of the mysterious High Table, which undoubtedly will be explored in further films.<br/><br/>Also the world-building is once again on-point, slowly revealing morsels of information about the society of assassins. However, this is also the film's greatest weakness as it expands the world so much that what story there is becomes unfocused.<br/><br/>I adore these films, and whilst this is certainly the weakest of the three, it's still a highly-engaging piece. I can't wait to see what they do next, as the prospect of John teaming up with the Bowery King to take on the High Table sounds great in concept. Excellent, fun, non-stop action movie. Lots of fighting which are sequenced perfectly. Hallie Berry really gets down too. One of the best action movies I've seen in a long time. You know there'll be another one. Best john wick movie so far. Loved it. Would watch again. John Wick 3 Parabellum : Reviewed
There is something helplessly alluring about the way Keanu Reeves moves while fighting. He is not very fast like the traditional Asian martial artists; yet he is just so un-friggin-believable. And that's what the whole John Wick franchise rests upon so heavily; Crazy and impeccably well choreographed fight sequences (Which is like a symphony of sorts for a martial artist buff like me) and Keanu performing them. Like a breeze.
The 3rd installment of the Baba Yaga (John Wick) universe titled Parabellum (simply means 'Prepare for War') takes us a little deeper into the world of assassins and the High table (The global underworld) which was touched upon in the 2nd part. The movie begins right where the 2nd film wrapped up. John wick is the most wanted Man in the world with a booty of 14 Mn USD on his life. And he evades that. He kills his way through countless number of master assassins to stay alive. The body, blade and bullet count here will drive you nuts.
The world of the continental and the High table gets a lot more alluring with the addition of a few more characters and locations. We are introduced to 'The elder one' who is above the High Table who has his base in the deserts of Morocco. Then there is an adjudicator. Well, who adjudicates. And we are introduced to a manager of the Continental Morocco (Halle Berry, Sophia). That apart from the old characters. The Dog. Winston and ofcourse, the Doctor.
Parabellum goes all Guns blazing with it's extreme action choreography; something Chad Stahelski loves to do. The writing is crisp keeping in mind the subtle humour and minimal dialogue for Mr. Wick.
There are horses, dogs, bikes, swords, knives and ofcourse, armour piercing shot gun rounds. Several East Asian guys are added to the mix to offer us mouth watering and awe inspiring fight sequences. And Mr. Wick kicks ass. You can't help but go bonkers about Keanu Reeves.
This is also a reunion of sorts for The Matrix team.
The climax is deliciously twisted to keep everyone guessing.
As the movie comes to an end, the words of Mr. Wick from the 2nd film keep lingering around; 'Tell them. Tell them all. I will kill them all'.
<ul><li>psk</li></ul> Just as its predecessors, John Wick 3 is highly competent in the action and style department. Personally, I found 1 the best, then 2 followed by 3.<br/><br/>I'd say here is more action, especially martial arts-wise, and less story than before.<br/><br/>The fight scenes with Dacascos and also his 2 main disciples - who played the 2 martial arts villains in the Raid 1 & 2 - were a real nice touch. Tho these guys had better fight scenes before. But then again this is a Hollywood action movie and not mainly a beat 'em up-flick.<br/><br/>If you liked 1 and 2, then there is no reason not to watch 3. Not much of different, base score 5 for an outstanding movies in action genre. Here's some extra:
Dope colours +1, Dope sound +1, creative john wick actions scene +1, logicaly adding material for wick's world +1, animal lover +1, actor delivered great perform of emotion even in a movie like this +1, nice ways to kill peoples +1
Some strained conversation -1, stutter story leading -1, awkward fight at the end -1, pretty boring conclusion -1
Hoping for sequels, would never get tired of this kind of movies Since the 2nd part was lacking in a captivating effect for the audience, the Parabellum brings back on track with the 1st one, for me.<br/><br/>Definitely a movie to watch in theaters & hopefully it gets to U, with the same action style that got us hooked on JW, in the 1st part! The action scene doesn't fail me. Let's talk about the Casablanca scene, it's amazing and breathtaking. And the gun sound, the falling sound of cartridge at Continental after each shot gun. The music effect is great! Back to Casablanca, it looks so so real like Half life, I am the person who holds the gun and kill! The background, the view makes things more gripping. I was surprised by some scene and very satisfied with it. =]]]]]]
"Guns. Lots of guns."
The story line is fast and well organized.
*SPOILER BELOW*
*
*
Though the survival of The Throne is far-fetched considering how sharp and dangerous those blades were and what they did to Continental's glass.
One of Sofia's two dogs was dead yet after that, they fighted with two dogs? Where did the other one come from? if it wasnt dead, why did she overeact like that considering she was fearful of her life and more importantly her daughter?
*
*
*
After all, this film is worth my time! If you want to see the updated version of a pencil, go to watch it. :3 Talk about a surreal and highly-stylized thriller! Although the violence is unrelenting, you know at the back of your mind that this is just a movie. The pulsating music score keeps the adrenaline pumping throughout. And the cast seems to get a kick out of the non-stop punishing action. There are big names galore in supporting roles, including Halle Berry, Ian McShane and Angelica Huston. The movie also reunites Keanu Reeves with Matrix alumni Laurence Fishburne and Randall Duk Kim. There are even two lookalike assassins who bring back memories of the Twins from Matrix Reloaded. Get set for a romp that will leave you breathless. I love the movie. Way more action and excitement. I hope there is a fourth movie. 🤞🏾 John Wick continues to keep the audience entertained and glued to our seats with John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. The action is once again incredible, Halle Berry is finally used and shines in this movie like holy crap. And i was just loving every part of this movie. Watch the first two before you see it but yeah incredible. John Wick this time around is better than ever. The tone throughout is the lightest of the three with humour sprinkled in throughout. The humour lands consistently. Un fortunatly the plot is a little lackluster, while creative and origional, not much is done. However, this is never what really mattered with John Wick movies. The action is, in my opinion, better than ever. And one of the highlights of the film is the lighting and cinematography. This is done so well throughout it definetly elevates it to an 8. Also the sound is superb. Overall one of the best action movies there is. And Wick(ed) it is. Oh yes it is:
Wick(ed) will be served to you, and Wick(ed) will be at your service.<br/><br/>The premise of the movie resides on two clean-cut rules and absolute categories:
1. Follow the rules, or otherwise face the consequences (when referring to the system i.e. association of underground organizations)
2. Love thy loved ones, and be ready to suffer for them (when referring to the values of oneself i.e., the main hero, John Wick).<br/><br/>But, clean-cut rules work perfectly only in games and strategies.
In real life all is fair in love, and especially in war. In times of war, anything goes. And the absolute rules can result in catastrophic consequences from (somewhat) bizarre mistakes (like getting all fussed over a car scratch which is a reference to the second sequel). This becomes evident throughout the movie (not that the movie carried for plots and consistencies). And it is demonstrated in such a brutal, visceral, yet artful way. This Wick(ed) esthetics of binding together two contrasting categories (i.e., violence which can best be described as "a beautiful mess") evokes conflicting emotions. Those feelings will evoke lasting memories and this is guaranteed success for the billboards. It's as funny as it is bad a$$! New and creative kills, coolest dogs ever, all time high on suspension of disbelief! This was great, can't wait to see it again! Chad Stahelski has officially established himself as a prominent director. As expected, the action scene choreography, camera work and the semi-cyberpunk atmosphere are a solid step up from previous instalments. Unfortunately for the fans of the first John Wick movie, this one does not establish John as a semi-realistic and vulnerable character: while the ongoing fight-scenes are a great fun, the suspension of disbelief really kicks in after the second act. The acting is good, the writing is mediocre (it serves just one purpose - to drive the action scenes of the movie, nothing more). The flaws of the movie, however, are greatly compensated by the great overall technical execution of the film.
It seems that Lionsgate decided to turn this franchise with its main character into a cash-cow, postponing the conclusion of John Wicks story-arc for the future films, which is not a bad thing if they manage to keep the quality at this level. Really good cgi but it was pretty dumb overall. Just fighting for the sake of fighting. I thought it would be better. This movie is insane! I'll admit, the plot was a tiny but thin, but you don't even have time to think about anything during this movie except awesomeness. Keanu is a brilliant actor, and really makes Wick's character legendary. He's dry, to-the-point, an misunderstood, all while being virtually an assassin-god. Great movie, incredible fighting, wonderful cinematography, beautiful sets, and just about awesome everything. I am as anti-CGI as they get, and this movie has a good amount, so take that into consideration. Otherwise, it's awesome. There's even a nod to the Matrix! This is easily my second favorite John Wick to date, the action is fantastic throughout, the storytelling is solid, has great performances throughout especially Halle Berry and Mark Dacascos, looks great visually, and really good direction by Chad Stahelski, my only problems were some of the pacing and the ending could've been handled a little better, but that's about it, definitely see it! You won't regret it. So so good. The choreography and set pieces were amazing. The visuals and colors made everything so much better. The humor was on point and each action sequence topped the one before it. By the end, it felt like a straight up Bruce Lee movie and I loved every minute of it! Can't wait to watch it again. One heck of a ride.. still I believe the first and second one where the best. However those dogs kicked ass. Especially the scene when one of them climb the wall.. whoooo
I am happy to see dacascos in a proper action movie. That dude should be in more a-listed movies. Halle Betty girl, you are awesome.. and I am not going to talk much about Keanau..coz he is the ONE "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" proves that this franchise is untouchable. A master-class in action films. Keanu Reeves keeps getting better and better.<br/><br/>In this third instalment of the action franchise, John Wick is on the run after a 14$ million price tag is on his head, and everywhere he turns he is being hunted.<br/><br/>A thoroughly violent, gritty, mind-blowing film that will have you howling at the screen. "John Wick 3" is beyond fast paced and features epic kills and I've never loved dogs so much as I did in this film. Your jaw will drop. The action choreography is gold on its own; you've never seen anything like it. What else is there to say? Reeves is a God and cannot he stopped. It looks like a bright future is ahead for the John Wick franchise and I can't wait for more. Go see it.<br/><br/>A must-see action extravaganza. Not so serious as last two chapters and some funny moments happened. Definitely a heavy combat movie from the beginning to the end. I don't wanna give spoils Here, hence not talking about characters. Overall, enjoyed a lot. This movie is not romance, drama, sci-fi. Is pure solid non-stop action. Do You like action movies? you cannot miss this one. I really like the first chapter ( oh! ) but this sequel was so good that takes the crown of the trilogy. Terrific choreographies, very nice rythm, very good music score and right amount of humor. A masterpiece of action movies. Good enough to get from you smiles of joy. How many times you can say that from an assasins movie? Very few for sure. A bonus: Do you like dogs? You'll be sooo happy. The movie started right where the last one ended. There was no time wasted and we jumped right into the action. If you're a fan of action movies, this is for you. The movie moved along quickly. The story was there but it was barely holding everything together. Mainly this movie was about great shootouts, and fight choreography, mixed in with small moments of dialogue to keep the party going.
The shootouts were great! The fight choreography was also great... in the beginning. Then something happened halfway through where it felt like the fight choreography was happening in slow motion. It was very noticeable, to the point where the fighting was starting to get predictable. What I mean by that is that the fights started to become less fluid. In Jackie Chan's films everything is high speed, tight, and fluid. Here it felt a little clunky, as if the actors were waiting to get punched or thrown.
One of the strong points of this movie were it's sets. Every set was full of color, and detail. What I mean by detail is that every theme looked just right. If you take a moment to look at all of the objects on set, or the buildings, everything looked like it belonged. It was perfect no matter what location John Wick was. One second, it's dark and seedy, then next the screen is filled with bright and warm colors. They did a great job creating themes based on the locations.
So, should you watch it or skip it? If you like action movies with crazy shootouts and fights, little to no story line then I'd say WATCH IT! This movie is definitely for you. I give it a solid 7/10. Would I buy it? nah. Would I rent it to see it again? Definitely. This is my first review on IMDB and I have over 238 avaliations. John Wick 3 is a stunning movie, with great action scenes almost all the time, leaving no room for boring talk and uninteresting narratives. It has all the good traits of its predecessors, and adds new ones. The scenes seem uncutted, and Keanu is just awesome as always. The sound editing makes the shots, kicks, punches and knife cuts even more interesting, specially with the non-soundtrack fight scenes. An adrenaline packed movie for those who want a truly action experience. We want a 4th one! Following immediately after John Wick Chapter 2, John is literally taking on the world. Guns, swords, tables, guns, knives, books, guns, horses, guns, motorcycles, guns, dogs, guns, daggers, and more guns. Get the picture?<br/><br/>Overall story is pretty much John Wick vs the world. He gets some limited help at certain times, but overall John has to fend for himself.<br/><br/>More action than you need in any one sitting, I'm rating John Wick a 8/10. Would have been 9/10 if not for some pretty big inconsistencies in Continental providing amnesty to John (unresolved, there are aways... consequences... but we don't find out), and the one other criticism is the motives of the combatants in the drawn out final fight is extremely unclear. Are you killing each other or not? Other than that, John Wick Chapter 3 is one bloody gory ride that meets expectations if that's what your looking for. Action murder pawn for near 2 hours.<br/><br/>Slick directing<br/><br/>slick choreography<br/><br/>slick gun fu<br/><br/>slick stunt work<br/><br/>slick slick<br/><br/>even some amazing one liners and scenes<br/><br/>But was it meant to be hilarious ?<br/><br/>Shame the adjudicator didn't get killed tho.... hopefully she'll get whats coming to her in jw 4.. It was exciting and fun from start to finish.Loved the fighting sequences especially with the dogs joining in. Very humorous in places also.Only the desert scene was a bit disappointing as it did not fit with the tension of the rest of the film. Compared to the previous two, JW3 contains more dialogues, plots, characters, and twists. While most action movies adopts high-tech fightings with lots of hacking and nerdy conversations, JW is one of the few movies that did the opposite and succeeded. It has all the action scenes that you could ever ask for, both within and beyond your imaginations. The middle of this movie might seem slow to certain audiences, but trust me, its ending will be worth your wait!!!<br/><br/>Btw, seeing Keanu Reeves in a fancy suit and does all the magical actions, it's hard to believe that he's 55 already!!! I'm not much of a reviewer or anything, but I really don't have many complaints in-regards to the film as a whole. The production team, directors, stuntmen etc. keep upping the bar with every John Wick entry and somehow surpass the previews scenes. Not to spoil anything but some of the kills were especially brutal to watch (ie. book... that is all)<br/><br/>The story does what needs to do with some revelations at the end - the script was quite witty and kept the interest when there's no action sequence going on, but be rest assured, the whole film's an action sequence with occasional breaks.<br/><br/>So yeah, watch this as soon as you can. If you were a fan of Chapter 1 and 2, this is a fine addition. Action was pretty enough thats ok, but the last 20 minutes were really ridiculous. See it. Super fun. Just slip into the world they've created and don't think too much. REVIEW - JOHN WICK 3<br/><br/>Ok let's be honest and say it exactly how it is, those of us who have seen the 2 previous films know from start to finish what happens in these films, blood, shooting, stabbing, even more blood and lots and lots of hand to hand combat and all over a car and a dog.<br/><br/>This film continues literally where the previous left off, with John given an hour to get out of New York.<br/><br/>I would never have thought there would be so many assassins in such a small area but it seems in New York they are quite literally everywhere and everyone.<br/><br/>Again let's be honest, for me this was by far the weakest story of the trilogy and in places was quite silly with huge plot holes which you could drive a HGV through but we don't go to see John Wick for a social commentary or an in depth story with twists and turns, no we go to see John Wick purely for the fights etc.<br/><br/>I must admit the stunts in the film are exceptional!<br/><br/>In essence don't expect any character development, don't expect a great story but you know with this film what you're going to get and get it you do, from the start to the end (or is it, no spoilers).<br/><br/>Rating 8 out of 10 This is the definition of an action film in all of its glory!! I am amazed that this "franchise" has done it again with another good entry, only this time the action was turned up to 100. If you thought that the other two "John Wick" films had great action, this one blows them out of the water and puts them to shame. Some parts of this film are truly insane.......However as a mentioned in the title this film is more than just action set piece after another, there is an interesting continuation of the story.<br/><br/>The first piece of praise has to go to Chad Stahelski who has directed the living heck out of this film, in some ways I cannot believe to imagine the headache and joy this film must have been for him. The amount of detail that has gone into this film is something that shouldn't go unnoticed just because it an action film. Even though the film is very action heavy Stahelski has managed to still careful weave an interesting story throughout that definitely keeps you guessing. He has created the perfect blend of the familiar whilst also introducing new things into the series. Absolutely fantastic from his side of things.<br/><br/>The cast all round is fantastic and might be the most solid one out of all three films thus far. The biggest shoutout obviously goes to Keanu Reeves who once again just kicks ass in this film whilst still managing to show us this very complex and damaged character. I have heard that Reeves tries to do as much of the stunt work as possible.....i could be misinformed.......I hope this is true. In certain moments I believe it is because you see his face........yeah I know they could CG his face but.........I will give him the benefit of the doubt. All in all he is fantastic once again.
Other shoutouts should be for Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne and Lance Reddick who are all great either new or returning characters.<br/><br/>Now the biggest positive of this film is the fight/stunt choreography. To put it mildly it is jaw droppingly brilliant, I don't think I know enough words in the English dictionary to describe it. It was pure action brilliance on display......this is why the Oscars needs a stunt category. The level set by the previous two films has been completely destroyed and new level has been set not only for this film but action films in general. Every single action set piece is unique whether it be featuring a different location, weapon or personnel all of them show the versatility of action and they seamlessly fit into the film. To be perfectly honest I was shocked at the level of gore as well in this film which was definitely not as prevalent in the other two films. Mind-blowing!!!<br/><br/>Lastly the villain was actually quite good in this one, not like the last entry which wasn't great. It is someone you can completely understand there motivations and intentions as to why they are doing things, its a good performance from Asia Kate Dillion.<br/><br/>Overall this film is good, its so close to very good unfortunately there are a couple of minor things that didn't work for me. Its just certain character decisions and a scene involving a roof, I won't spoil it, you know what I mean. 75% out of 100 or 7.5 out of 10, I've only given it this score because thats the same score I gave the other two films. I'd say this one is better than Chapter 2 but not quite as good as the first, from a story and emotional standpoint.<br/><br/>Saying all of that you will not be disappointed walking out of this pure action blockbuster entertainment from start to finish. John Wick is the most survival man in this movie.. I thought this movie would be the last one, but no.. I was wrong.. For the reviews, in John Wick 1&2 i would like gave about 6-7.5 rating.. But this movie is better than a last two movies. More intense, also makes me not dissapointment, i thought this movie is a boring action movies.. But, i was wrong. It's more than that. The Film was perfect but was unnecessarily long. I mean 100 minutes was enough for that movie. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is good but suffers from its eccentricities. It is a very well made, interesting and flawed. The main problem with the film is it feels like it 'jumps the shark' a little and whilst this isn't full 'jump the shark' it does go far enough over that the thread of believability even in a stylised world goes to pot at times.<br/><br/>So you have 2 options to ignore the silliness or just go along for the ride. Fortunately, there is a lot to ride on and the film never gets boring or dull.<br/><br/>The action is excellent and the fight scenes are stunning, occasionally slight over gruesome and often very funny but always exceptionally well done.<br/><br/>The new characters are a mixed bag, with some far more successful than others, with Halle Berry's character standing out above all, in what is her best action role.<br/><br/>As for the main protagonist, Mark Dacascos is interesting and at times odd and I am not not sure the humorous touches quite work.<br/><br/>The more established characters such as Winston and Charon, have more to do in this film but several of the other characters from previous films do go missing in this film.<br/><br/>As for Keanu Reeves, he plays John Wick in a very similar way to the first 2 films.<br/><br/>The directing and cinematography are excellent, as has been the case with the last 2 films. Chad Stahelski plays to the films strengths and there is very little time to step back and relax.<br/><br/>So despite my problems with the film I did enjoy it and would recommend it to others who enjoyed the last couple of films. Again this is a action masterpiece. The action scenes are more interesting then before. The fight never ends. You will never fell bored. I love this series and after watching this one i can say without any doubt i can watch another 2 or 3 john wick movie without getting bored. I hope John Wick will be back soon. Go see this movie and i can guarantee you, that you will be anxious to get the 4th movie. Who knew there could be so many inventive and entertaining ways to kill people in one movie! It's great! This movie is great. It complete the plot holes that occured in the prequel. Almost every questions that remains from it's predecessor are answered here. The fighting coreography was also amazing, Along with the acting of the stars. Keanu really nailed it as Number One assassins and most wanted man in the guild. I got to see this movie at an advance screening and it is simply mind-blowing.
The story continues from the end of John Wick 2 and follows up on how John faces the Excommunicado contract against him with almost everyone attempting to finish him for a large amount of bounty.
John, however, remembers his roots and finds a few people who might help him. What happens next? I would definitely recommend watching it.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 has amazing action sequences, some fantastic dialogues and a great storyline that follows up on the past movies.<br/><br/>"Be seeing you"
-John I love the action and jokes. As a Indonesian, I love when john wick said at Bahasa "sampai jumpa". It totally amaze me that the fight scene shows much of exhaustion and panicking moments to the point it made me think, "this is how martial artists/skilled assassin fight, they stick to the basic but still show human body limitations."
Adrenaline was pumped through the whole movie, it just blew me. This was an awesome action movie starring Keanu Reeves, the action scenes are stunning and overall direction is incredible. This movie might just be Keanu's best since the first Matrix film and the action in it might be even better (the film even makes reference to the first Matrix in one scene.)<br/><br/>Everything about this film was visually satisfying and will probably turn out to be in the top 3 action films of the year. Definitely owe it to yourself to watch Parabellum if you're a fan of Keanu Reeves and love great action movies. It is my favourite of the trilogy. It was truly spectacular John wick 3 is exactly what it promises: so much action that you forget how surreal the plot is! It's well done and very engaging. Keano is brilliant, no question his ability and he really carries this one..
The plot isn't bad but I feel if it wasn't for Keano this would have panned big time.
The action is great but it doesn't take a trained eye to see that in alot of the fights Keano is seen waiting for the extra to hit him so for that some fights are clumsy. Once again every enemy has every chance to kill wicks, the sit an talk to him.. They even help him back onto his feet after beating him half to death! So for that it's pretty silly. When the bad guys do get him, they choose to toy with him until he breaks free again an kills them all.. Like seriously, just put a bullet in his head instead of tough talking! The final fight between wicks and zero and his men is really good, tho goofy at times it's still fast and slick. The supporting cast are a mixed bag.. You have A listers mixed with the likes of jerome! That is crazy, the dude couldn't act or sing in the 90s an yet here he is in a Hollywood blockbuster.. Fair play to him for that.. lol.
As I said, Keano carries this one. The first chapter was a great revenge movie, the 2nd was OK but started to go abit off the rails.. This one tho becomes like a video game.. John heads out on a pointless quest.. Looses his finger, gets his ass kicked time and time again. The dogs were epic, and praise to the choreography guys on that.. If they do make another one I hope they bring it back to end it.. There's alot of good moments in this one but you really can see during the fights that some of the extras wernt up for it. One scene you see wicks waiting for the man with the sword to strike as he holds his hands in the counter position.. Was just strange that the editors didn't fix those problems.
I'd watch it again as I did enjoy it. I just hope the 4th movie will end the franchise before it sinks even deeper into fantasy.. There's alot of goofy elements. I hope the 4th one is able to close the franchise.
Tho I enjoyed it, I do think keano carried it. This movie was
A step up from the first it stepped up its writing quality and the antagonist(s) are pricks and I hate them so there good the action keeps getting better in all of them to be honest but my biggest problem was the end it felt so rushed and everything was going so fast like the director said ah guys were getting a bit long here let's wrap it up anyway I would give a high recommendation for some of those action fans out there 2 problems thing about this movie, everybody didn't see a dead body on the ground at bus station and John wick took to much damage to be alive but the legend live on, I love action and the killings, this has to be the best action movie ever!! 4 will be here soon! Good attempt for a #3. Who doesn't like Halle berry and dogs ? Indeed there is a lack of story telling, but apart from that, the film offers me what I was looking for. The cyber-punk colour scheme of a lot of scenes does appear to be outstanding, and in terms of aesthetics, the sheer violence, the splashing blood and sweat does have its own beauty, but maybe not for everyone.
The John Wick series has its unique style, heightened by KR's performances. The third one is definitely NOT a disappointment if you like the first two. The occasionally appeared comedic scenes as well as those involving the dog also adds on a kick of warmth for a hardcore action film. Same old thing as the last one. TONS of action. No story. From the rare productions with good serial movies, it is difficult to overlook the logic errors, although the series does not hear what happened to the man who controls the horse on the left of the barn scene or to move anyone's hair in the clash in the subway.In the first two movies, while John is attacking for revenge, this movie is fully defended in his survival instinct.Keanu Reeves was very good People are weird. They tend to Mark movies as either 10 stars or 1 star. Love it or hate it. Nothing in between. So they have no idea what to do with a movie that is legitimately a 6 or a 7. A movie that is "just fine". The biggest issue is that this feels a lot like it is just moving the pieces along to where they need to be for Chapter 4. That being said the action is still good. The production value is still good. And the world building is still the most interesting thing about the series. The introduction of The Adjudicator played with proper menace by Asia Kate Dillion is among the most interesting of the new characters. That all being said this is still worth the watch in the hope that Chaotsr 4 brings it all together. The weakest of the three but still action packed fun. Stereotypical bad guys, huge body count, all the action cliches. The thing that really brought it down for me was the poor acting, specifically from the adjudicator character. It was hard to invest in the already thin story line with her taking me out of the movie every 2 or three scenes. I look forward to the fourth though. Another brilliant film shot by Chad Stahelski. Of course the characters have little to no depth and the action that occurs is over the to but what separates this action film from the other generic ones is that the director behind the camera knows how to shoot action. That and all the actors in the film can fight some what, so that leaves a lot of room for wide shots, which opens up to long takes of brilliant action scenes.<br/><br/>This film isn't unique but it's well shot and definitely an entertaining watch. Sadly Asia Kate Dillon was terrible in her role as the Adjudicator. I can only lay that on a bad director because I enjoy her very much on Billions. Perhaps androgyny and pronoun declaration is not the best staple for the quirky actress role. In a world with the policemen hidden in the police stations , the high Table is the ultimate authority and has rules and protocoles of honour...if u obey , u may survive, if not , u are dead in hours..this is the world of John Wick and he is very respectable in there...
The majority of people here love the action, but i love more the rules and protocoles of the organization...they have codes of honour and codes of distruction...John is the ultimate survivor..a man that can disobey when he thinks its right ..he has the skills to do it...the action scenes are continuus and imaginative..the hero is not a superman, he can bleed, suffer, fall , and can be serious injured...but has the will to survive and continue his task...Keanu is not the super actor but has this something that makes him always likeable to the audience..he speaks rarely like a spartan but can speak many languages..he is kind and vulnerable but ruthless when he must...i like all the 3 movies..its obvious that there will be a fourth...i imagine that it will be the justification of the hero...well done! PEOPLE PLEASE STOP!!! "Waaaaa where's the story???" Get outta here!!!
This is a PERFECT John Wick movie! There's plenty of story and it is what it is. What did you expect? They never tried to get real deep in any of the Wick movies. He's been crossed, he's out for revenge, people are trying to kill him, he's the best assassin ever and kills everyone etc... Same as the other 2 movies with more great creative fights and stunts.
That is what the Wick movies are... All stunts, if you don't like it then don't see it. However if you do want a great fun "badass" movie and appreciate how difficult all those fight scenes were to do then THIS MOVIE IS PERFECT. All is in the title.
The beginning was a great sequel from the Chapter 2 ... but then, it is getting too long and it gets kind of worse (the last assault was eye-catching by its originality!)
However it was fun (but bad) to see Halle Berry doing some John Wick ................ it really shows that not any one can do this kind of role; and that Keanu Reeves really HAS a *presence* to play such character !! John Wick Chapter 3 is not a movie but a collection of fantastically choreographed action scenes. Right from the word go, one witnesses innovative sequences that firmly place the movie at the helm of the action movie genre in the last few years.<br/><br/>There is nothing much to talk about when it comes to the story. But then there wasn't much Story to begin with. The director doesn't try to add depth to the plot.<br/><br/>In fact the fictional setting is made even more incredulou. Contrary to what I would have normally presumed, this exaggeration makes the movie more entertaining.<br/><br/>There are some scenes that may appear repetitive or reminiscent of some classic duels from the 70s, but Keanu Reeves pulls off another spicy entertainer with this one.<br/><br/>Like its predecessors, Chapter 3 doesn't burden your mind and is a good movie to watch. Beautiful cinematography, amazing action, great lore, sorry fine.<br/><br/>I loved this movie so much movie of the year!!! The third movie in this awesome franchise and this one did not disappoint.
The first 30 minutes was amazing with its fast paced hard hitting action, the fighting and gore was perfect and one of the best I've seen.<br/><br/>Halle Berry's character fitted in well with the story and her presence matched John Wick's bad ass killing machine style.<br/><br/>This was one of them movies that while watching it in the cinema the audience all react the same to what they are seeing as John Wick empties round after round of bullets into 100's of bad guys.<br/><br/>I absolutely loved sitting there watching this with a big smile on my face as John Wick does what he does best.... Kill If you like action you've come to the right film. Brilliant action from the minute the opening credits roll! Cant say enough for people to see this if you like stylish fights and fights that make you flinch as this is best action film since the raid 1 and 2 and that's saying something! Just watch it and see for yourself is all i can say! Amazing third instalment to the John Wick film franchise so much action your on the edge of your seat throughout. No spoilers here but they've really amped up the action on this one and the story delves a bit deeper into the mythos of John Wick himself.<br/><br/>One thing that amazes me is the many negative reviews on here, surely if your going to watch this film your going to have watched the 1st 2 instalments what did you expect from the 3rd??<br/><br/>The 1st 2 films were all guns and visceral violence why did you expect the 3rd to be any different??<br/><br/>If amazes me that these so called reviewer's have watched the 1st 2 films and they thought the 3rd was gonna be different somehow, people banging on about no story this film had more of a story than both of the 2 preceding it.<br/><br/>Anyway if you've made it down this far as I appreciate there's almost 2000 or so reviews above me if u like John wick 1 and 2 then your going to love this one as I did.<br/><br/>If you didn't enjoy the first 2 films then don't watch this one and certainly don't review it negatively expecting something different that's just idiotic lol. Just enjoy the film for what it is another action packed rollercoaster ride.<br/><br/>reviewstalker101 out. Phenomenal movie, not as good as 2 but phenomenal none the less. Incredible action! Epic gun-fu and knife work. People who don't like this film just don't get the universe that's being built here not do they understand the action film genre. I'm figuring that the haters simply take themselves and movies too seriously, I think these sites are being filled up with people who give low reviews just to drag a movie rating down...this is all-star action and all out war....enjoy! Why does Hollywood insist on wrecking sequels? I've pondered this so many times. It's not a lack of support or funds, the movie has already proven to be successful. It's not a lack of GOOD writers or directors - anybody would want to be associated with an already proven success. No, I believe it comes down to profit and the holy dollar. That's the only reason I can find for why Hollywood knowingly continues to create crapping sequels, over and over and over again. Put as little money in as possible to make the profit bigger and hope the masses just buy it on name alone.<br/><br/>Before I mention what I believe is wrong with this movie, let me say the one RIGHT thing about this movie were the sets and beautiful cinematography. Absolutely stunning and gorgeous!<br/><br/>Instead of investing in a good script, with a good story and definition of characters - those 'above the table' on this film decided to see how many fight scenes they could pack into 2 hours. Not good fight scenes mind you - BORING, horribly acted and choreographed fight scenes. By the third or fourth fight scene - you literally find yourself checking how much time is left in the film and saying a silent prayer that it ends. This is the last thing I thought I would be thinking after waiting months to see this film. Sad. It could have been completely different. I understand this is "John Wick" - there must be fight scenes - but for the love of God - why couldn't they had made them more interesting?? Well directed and acted? Did I say Interesting? Maybe have one end before the 20 minute mark?? Would that have been so hard?<br/><br/>This could have been a great movie. Should have been a great movie, but instead - it went completely of course and nobody ever pulled it back. The 'John Wick' movies have never been about depth. In the latest, it is just frequent and frenetic action sequences one after another. Unfortunately, after some time - especially close to the end - it becomes way too much. Essentially, the entire franchise is a video game, each entry bringing diminishing returns. To conclude this, I didn't like performance of Halle Berry (also this so called gender equality becomes too much, but it's also made abundantly clear that Berry's character is being set up just for a potential spin-off); it was too long for my liking (131m); and you can literally see most of the times that "bad guys" not fighting in order to allow 'John Wick' to defeat dozens of them simultaneously. And yes, the rumors of this franchise concluding after a third movie have been greatly exaggerated.<br/><br/>Rating: 6. If you like "action" movies you will like this, otherwise skip it. Watched about 30 minutes then turned it off. Was just more and more and more of the same from the first two movies. Got old. Love Halle Berry and the dogs in this movie. Kenu great as usual Love Kenu, how do the assassins now who he is and how do they track him? Don't get me wrong, this is a good action flick by Hollywood standards, but in terms of the John Wick universe, not up to the high standards set by 1 and 2. The idea of John Wick vs the world was a good one, but the writer made the mistake of having him rely on others too much I feel. The whole "Casablanca" portion was just so unneeded and seemingly just a way to get a "female" JW in the action (Halle Berry). The Elder was just laughingly bizarre. The worst part for me was that some of the assassins seemed to be toying with JW at the end. That was an unforgivable decision by the writers. JW is supposed to be the baddest a** killer in the world, when you have the chance to kill him, you do it. By making the scenes almost comical was a poor decision and took away some of the edge from the character. This film basically was a setup for JW 4 and there are some interesting plot lines moving forward, let's hope the errors in this one get corrected. Definitely worth seeing, but if you were a fan of 1 and 2, temper your expectations. Not impressed! The choreography was terrible, no fluidity what so ever! The storyline was lacking also. Also the cheesy dialog was very off putting.
The best thing about the film were the dogs. It was everything I love about John Wick films.<br/><br/>BUT like Ruby Rose in JW2 Asia Kate Dillon in JW3 both suffer from overacting, it's like watching a fumbling teenager on their first date.<br/><br/>And Jerome Flynn's bizarre accent is distracting, filler actor (like someone said 'get someone from GoT')<br/><br/>Angelica H, was underutilized and Halle B rocked, maybe it's because I have 4 dogs!<br/><br/>If you like JW you will enjoy this, just prepare for longer than comfortable moments that allow for a generous popcorn run and toilet break. I read so many reviews saying the movie was brainless, had no plot, was just about shooting...etc. Well they either didn't see the other ones or were expecting an Oscar worthy movie.<br/><br/>This movie was just like the others. Amazing. Keanu does a great job and his training yet again shows off. The series never had a deep plot or amazing dialogue. Heck there are so many questions left unanswered about the world itself that you don't really care. I did enjoy the new ways they went about finding creative kills and action.<br/><br/>If I had only one minor nitpick, it would be the hand to hand combat scenes went on a bit longer than normal. And as always I'd love more info about the world in which this takes place, but I don't care at the end of the day because its just a fun action movie! Yes, yes, yes and more YES!<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is a tremendous, non-stop adrenaline rush. An endless series of glorious headshots and stylized violence. But there's more than that. There's also a further exploration and delving into this incredible world.<br/><br/>Speaking of the world, do not see this if you haven't seen the first two films. It's definitely not a perfect movie but it's just so fun that I don't care. I was feeling for an action movie and this hit the spot. I was ok with things being not literal or possible. If you go in looking for stuff like that you will def find it. But if you're ok with movies like hardcore henry and the other john wicks this is for you. I love the macho super assassin/spy keano tear it up. Some repetition, some wait a second.. that doesn't make sense, and lots of -that was awesome.<br/><br/>1 star off for unnecessary gore. I like fighting/action movies and the gore doesn't add anything for me.<br/><br/>1 star off for a little ridiculousness which I went into it expecting. Thought this was a really good and well done action film. However, as much as I like killing in action films, There has to be a point to it. There was just too much of it to the point that it became mind numbing and it seemed like the whole point of the show was to see how high the body count was. This displayed a major weakness in the film. Once again, poor screen writers took what could have been a really good movie, and turned it into just an average movie. There has to be a reason to kill other than just to see how many we can kill in the allotted time. Thus it only gets a 6 rating from me. Having read the reviews before seeing this, I was expecting this to be pretty bad; however, it turned out ok. JW1 is obviously the best, JW2 was pretty bad and I don't remember any of it, but JW3 was an ok watch. I get that they wanted non stop action, no cheesy love bits etc., but as others have said, the fighting blands out after awhile. A bit more emphasis needs to be on plot! I'm hoping JW4 will at least have more of a storyline to it. Anyway, 6.5/10 for me. The action in this film is non stop from start to end and it delivers! Keanu Reeves is as awesome as ever in the role as are all the supporting cast. It starts off right where part 2 ended and so begins the roller coaster action thrill ride of the year. If you haven't seen it...what the hell are you waiting for! If you love mindless violence you love the continuation of this franchise. Can not wait for #4. I did see it the weekend it came out and never leave reviews, but after seeing the negative reviews I had to say something. it is a fun filled violence filled film. With non stop action ,great acting ,and incredible fight choreography John Wick chapter 3 solidified itself as the best film in the series. While story didn't matter as much in an action movie, having a dumb story still would. With a US$14M bounty on his head, Wick was not even trying to lay low. And before the High Table was fully revealed, we've got a mysterious Elder... who ended up being quite underwhelming. Let's also remember that the first two installments have a nice plot.<br/><br/>Below are my random thoughts on the various fight scenes, YMMV.<br/><br/>The library fight:
Boring.<br/><br/>The knife-throwing fight:
Entertaining, brutal, the best.<br/><br/>The horse fight:
The first kick was super fun. The second and third? Just beating a dead horse.<br/><br/>The ballet fight (no Wick):
This was my favourite scene from the movie.
No, not the assassinations. The actual ballet.
It's super cool, so was the music!<br/><br/>The dog fight:
Way too long. With the franchise being all practical and tactical, Halle Berry was there standing out in the open, not getting shot at, while her dogs played around with dicks. They hired Navy Seals to be personal trainers but not choreographers?<br/><br/>The Morpheus fight (no Wick):
By now the Asian gang has been built up to be way too OP for John Wick to take on alone. Let's hope they won't dumb down the final fight(s) with these awesome Asians... (spoiler: nope.)
Another spoiler: Sword master Zero did a very poor job of slicing Morpheus.
Btw 7 cuts? I counted 6.<br/><br/>The motorcycle chase:
For a gang of swordsmen specialized in close-quarter combat and subterfuge, they decided to chase after Wick in motorcycles...<br/><br/>The Continental fight:
Major disappointment.
Winston suggested Wick to hunt, but there were very few ambush from Wick.
The armour was a nice obstacle, bullets were used to delay attackers rather than killing them, but then that made those direct fights in the open illogical. I don't recall Wick getting shot despite his suit.
The hotel staff were cannon fodders. Again, standing out in the open, on their own turf! No ambush, no traps? And the Continental didn't provide those "nice suits" to their own staff? Such unnecessary deaths.
Best scene in this part of the movie, and I believe the director wanted you to notice, was the underwater bullets.<br/><br/>The boss fight(s):
Any one of the three would have been sufficient. But all three in sequential order... not so much. Don't try to be Bruce Lee.
Bringing a gun to a sword fight and not using it; bring a sword to a fist fight and not using it...
Aside from the two Indonesian masters who did not intend to kill Wick, the others were supposed to want him dead, right?
By the way kudos for featuring Indonesian martial arts.
Frankly it's hard to believe ambushing would work in a glass room, let alone vanishing into thin air.
Wick has been to this room before! Shouldn't he be aware of potential hiding spots?
It's nice to see Wick learning from his opponents quickly.<br/><br/>See you in Chapter 4. Just fantastic action, 100% entretained 100% og the time The first movie was a fresh start on the kliché hitman trying to stay out-franchise. The fighting techniques were as real as they were choreographed and Keanu has been training hard with competent instructors.<br/><br/>The the second movie were as sequels usually are - more of everything, but still managed to retain somewhat of a engaging storyline and refine further on the concept.<br/><br/>Parabellum, however, is a step back. John Wick has gotten plain stupid. He clears area after area of assassins armed to the teeth, but leaves unarmed himself. In one episode the fight takes place in an arms museum of some sort, but Mr. Wick still leaves unarmed. He is also obviously slow in hand to hand combat. Probably signs of both age and the apparent disadvantage of always fighting in a suit.<br/><br/>The adversaries are very considerate however, and the only reason John Wick survives. Not only do they time and again obviously wait for Mr. Wick to strike first or get away, they try to wrestle him from behind instead of stabbing him with held knifes or using holstered pistols, they also refrain from chances of fulfilling their given mission to kill him, to instead offer a hand so Mr Wick can get up.<br/><br/>The motorcycle scene is especially stupid. Trained assassins with swords that only attacks the head and upper torso, that can actually avoid the attacks, instead of targeting the lower body that has nowhere to go. Oh, they also have guns, but they don't just shoot him. Honorable assassins don't do that, I suppose.<br/><br/>It is so stupid and unbelievable that it takes me out of the movie experience. I can accept unrealism in a movie, after all it is a movie. But I can't accept "professionals" acting incompetently or irrationally in their professional functions. Even if you loved the first two John Wick, I can understand you being disappointed with this one. The essential John Wick which made the first movie so brilliant has changed somewhat. But that's evolution for me, rather than dissolution. Personally, I thought this film utterly superb from beginning to end. It's one long awesome fight sequence, where fighting is elevated to art, to ballet, to genius. There are some scenes in this film that literally took my breath away--the combination of music, lighting and direction was surreally beautiful. As with all John Wick movies, there is an essential heart, a morality behind the immorality portrayed. In this film it was carried by John's dog and his care for the creature whilst all around him burned.
Absolutely brilliant. Violent, gorgeous, breathtakingly stylish. Edge of your seat action and I love that the canine specie gets some payback this time! I also love the cast. I cant't wait for the next installment. John Wick is back at being a badass once again in a 2 hour nonstop movie filled with amazing action, acting, cinématographie, fight and gun choreography, sound, set design, constantly changing environnements and overall production value.
Usually it feels like the se quels are not good but John Wick has destroyed that habit of sequels being worse and worse. John Wick just keeps adding and expanding more and more from it's original and I believe it will be looked back at as a cult masterpiece in the future.<br/><br/>John Wick isn't invisible. There are ennemies that are better than him or more than him and he gets hurt but he can find a way to outsmart them, usually in the most badass ways. He is a man who just wants some peace but just can't catch a break and gets dragged once again in some trouble. Trouble seems to find this man.
Overall the vibe and the scen
Can't wait for the fourth one
Overall the vibe and scenery of how the movie was shot fits perfectly with the story.
Would reccomend to anyone as one of my top picks. Can't wait for the 4th one. One of the best action movies I've ever seen, even better then the Matrix, if its action you need then watch, i never comment on any movie but i had no choice with this as its brilliant, i have now watched all 3 and all brilliant, please bring back more. I love mad dog (shinobi 1), cecep (shinobi 2) and i love Indonesia 😁 What a movie it was❤.I just love it.❤.waiting for john wwick 4. After three consecutive hits, I must say this franchise has become a cult classic to Action Junkies! I have never seen a Series of films that are consistently delivering on their promises. This one has indeed that sort of rare quality. With close to realistic action sequences, great direction along with beautifully crafted cinematography, exhilarating sound design and Keanu Reeves as the main lead. We can't really get a better combination than this! Can we?<br/><br/>Keanu just made this role on his own, we would never think anyone in his place as John Wick ever again. The characterisation is spot on. Halle Berry as Sofia nailed her character as well. The fight sequence with the dogs was just awesome. She was a total badass. I hope she would get more screen time in the next film though. Another strong point is that ; This film had so many breathtaking action scenarios but never felt over exaggerating. Every one of those scenes has been presented brilliantly. And varied with different set ups and weapons that are being used! The crime world they build in the franchise which abides by certain rules and regulations are a treat to watch. That set up helps immensely in the story build up. But unlike the previous films I didn't like the path it chose in this particular film. The different sub plots missed the cohesion and felt short on the impact part. Sometimes it seemed the story has nothing for progression; it just goes on without a certain motive and direction.<br/><br/>Excluding the aforementioned flaw, the film was close to perfect. It's super entertaining as well as breathtakingly shot. Some scenes would be remembered for ages. If you are a Action Film fan, then you should and must watch this one. It's the epitome of the Action world.<br/><br/>But make sure you have watched or at least known the previous instalments, otherwise you would be having a hard time grasping the story or the events connected to the past happenings. John Wick is a character we all know, got a soft spot for him we'll even admit, no matter how many body piles he racks up. But they are testing us, even our liking for weird meaningless-words bolted on titles.<br/><br/>But it seems a better title would have been John Wick Expanded Universe. Why? because thats what they did, remember, John Wick 1 he was just a guy who wanted revenge, John Wick 2 with him tying up loose ends and causing trouble, but this one well, it expands the world a little.<br/><br/>Its a lame way of story telling, but i'll tell you without spoiling it, know Call of Duty, where the main characters gets dropped everywhere people needs to die to the point you cannot even follow? same thing. John Wick has gone full cartoony.<br/><br/>7/10, highest rating in a while from me, its better than most comics because it got good gory action. "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is the most action packed entry in the series. It's better than 2 but not as good as 1. This 3rd installation is as exciting as it's beautiful.
John Wick fans won't be let down.
Needless to say, the actions and characters are still fantastic and there are many small beautiful moments that puts a smile on my face.<br/><br/>People who says John Wick is just another unrealistic violent movie missed the point. The movie is about style. And it's a fantastic show of it. From start to finish.<br/><br/>Nobody or no other show can ever copy John Wick. This is action in its best form. I loved it just like the first two movies. Though I get it why some people don't like at, it could use a bit more story behind all the action. It doesn't do anything more than it promises but what it does is enough for me. At the end of the previous movie, we understood that John literally has nobody around himself, but When the third movie starts, he has some tickets! Not cool I've just started watching and already it sucks. The book fight isn't badass, isn't an interesting concept, and wouldn't work out that way at all because physics. Can it get any worse? Do i care? This is a cool story about a Gun-Fu Master, John Wick which loved his dog very much and started a war with low skill security guys, which are not familiar on using a fire arm. They always run towards him with a gun for some reason. I do not know if they want to hit him with the gun or they are just a bad shoot and have to come close shoot.<br/><br/>Anyway I think they are ninjas, they appear to come from no where, but have such a bad sync as they always appear one after another. Some of the ninjas also carry swords and knifes and are so brave that they run to attack the armed John Wick.<br/><br/>Guys this is the Chuck Norris of our times, this movie is a must see! I really do like the other (and this) Wick movie but, I think I maybe getting to old, lots and lots of fighting, very inventive some of it.
Thing is, I think I need more from a movie than just fighting, I could only give it a 6 because I only give movies a 7 and above if I would happily watch again, still good but very tiring to watch. Might be the best of the John Wick series, but Halle Berry was unbearable. I was waiting for this movie to see for last 4 months. I was not able to go to the cinemas for some reason. Yesterday, the digital print came out and the movie is a superb blockbuster. Thrilling actions, fast acting, good storyline made this movie one of the best action movie of all time.
Though, I think John Wick 2 was better in storyline and action as well. Though John Wick 3 had great action sequences, with superb gun violence, I think that the action scene in John wick 2 after he is escaping after doing the task, had much better thrilling actions. The use of guns with accurate precision and the fast moving was good and real and first time such a thing was seen on movie. John wick 3 though had such scenes, they were merely a better copy of previous ones.
Not to mention, that John Wick 3 too had some major interesting action scenes (never seen before), they just didn't have you goosebumps. If you hadn't seen any John Wick movie and see this movie, you will be like, " Whoa! That is damn superb duperb action here" .
Overall, the only reason I give this movie 9 is because John Wick is a solid man. He takes a decision , he stands by it. I think that here John Wick's character has been throughly compromised just so that the fans could have a small twist.
And even if John like others could get confused , there is surely a better way to show it rather than just Yes in one scene and No in another. I literally think, that one or two flashbacks might have done it. From start to finish this chapter of the John Wick franchise does not disappoint. Constant action as the entire assassin world is after Mr. Wick. I really enjoyed the direction the story went. Can't wait for the next chapter. Finally watched this last night, I was so hyped up for this movie. The 1st is a 10/10 and the 2nd is an 8/10 for me.<br/><br/>Action is full throttle right from the get go, and then it continues, and it never ends. What makes John Wick 1 so special? The stakes were high, but the film was grounded in it's reality. You felt John Wick was still just a man, he could die, he could get injured.<br/><br/>Throw that all away for Chapter 3. John Wick is an invincible wrecking ball, the story is no longer able to hold my sense of disbelief as apparently every person around the entire Earth is part of the high table assassin group, ready to die to John Wick as another faceless henchman. After 30 minutes you start to realize that the fight scenes in this film are pointless, they become boring as there is nothing at stake. The action is good, but it is nothing new, it becomes utterly pointless and you begin to ask yourself - what's the point of this?<br/><br/>There isn't one. There is no story in this movie. I'd warn you of spoilers but there is nothing to spoil, the story is that John Wick is on the run from the organization he used to serve. That is it with a non-sensical twist in the last 3 minutes<br/><br/>Ugh, such a let down. The producers obviously want this to be a SkyFall franchise, they will continue this crap forever with cliff hangers until this franchise has lost all of its merit. A recent interview with the writer/director shows that he has no intention of wrapping this story up or creating a satisfying ending for our protagonist.<br/><br/>The movie has some good cinematography, action scenes, and Keanu plays his part good. 5 star rating is generous but I still do like this franchise and hope they can turn it around. The John Wick movies have all been fantastic. It really feels like everyone is deeply terrified of 1 retired assassin.<br/><br/>The betrayal at the end of the movie came out of nowhere and did not make much sense, but I guess everyone backstabs in the world of John Wick.<br/><br/>The amount of time Keanu Reeves puts into his training to make it look realistic is amazing. He really gives it his best and it shows. I expected better from such a big named film. The acting / camera shots felt like this was filmed by a local school.
Seriousally. During the shoot out. Most of them stood still waiting to be killed or attacked by the dog. Just so basic and rubbish. I came to see this movie to get entertained and it's exactly what I've got. Treat this movie like you're watching Wonder Woman and you won't be disappointed. I expected the film to be just action following the story line from John wick 2. The film did not disappoint. Some of the best action sequences I've ever seen on a film. Probably the best movie of 2019 (yes even better than endgame) Keanu Reeves really delivers the entertainment! 10/10 This movie rocks. Action scenes are supercharged. It's so cool, that the fighting sequences are beautifully choreographed that I forgot I am watching violence. :) The effects, the plots, the twists, wow... Don't be so critical, just get your popcorn and enjoy the show. Drool waiting for the next installment. (Spoilers alert: I was so into the movie, that my popcorn is still 3/4 full... :) ) Cool Action movie! Like it! Love it!<br/><br/>Story more like Max payne and Mission: Impossible - Fallout movie 👍👏🏽👏🏽 Holy crap, this is the most fun i've Had at the theater in a while and it definitely kicked the crap out of avengers 4 (sorry endgame, i've Been anticipating this one all year). Keanu Reeves Aka The BabaYaga Just Keeps Getting Better and this is yet again another rare instance where a sequel outshines the original, the shootouts are much louder and much bloodier and the fight scenes are even more brutal than the first two (the shootout in Morocco where the dogs fight bad guys as well was the highlight for sure). there was even quite a bit of dark humor too which I wasn't expecting, the way the horses were used had me busting out laughing lol. grab a group of friends and some snacks, get some tickets, and enjoy the nonstop action and adrenaline thrill ride This movie was awesome. There were funny scenes and action scenes which is the best duo ever when it comes to movie making. Action and comedy genus Phenomenal. Fantastic fight scenes and pure John wick greatness. Fantastic action throughout the movie, in line with 1 and 2, excellent sound effects, great martial arts. If you liked 1 and 2, you will love this installment. Just when I thought that John Wick had showed all his moves he goes into the bag of tricks and shows us some more super-awesome kill moves. Who thought watching killing could be so much fun? I know, it sounds awful when said like that but I speak nothing but the truth.<br/><br/>Wick picks up in chapter three where he left off in chapter 2: a fugitive of the High Table. He has to A.) stay alive and B.) figure out a way out of being ex communicado. That's not really easy when you have a $14M bounty on your head.<br/><br/>Maybe I'm being a creature of the moment but I think chapter three was the best of them all; or at least the most fun. Chapters one and two were enjoyable but in chapter three Wick made the art of killing humorous and enjoyable.<br/><br/>With each successive chapter we learn more rules, see more characters, and find out more of how deep the hitman network goes. All of the little revelations keep the franchise fresh without being ridiculous. Put another way, it seems well thought out and not as though they just threw ideas against the wall and went with what stuck. I don't know how far this franchise will go but I see it going very far. John Wick 3, just like the previous two chapters, has simply amazing action scenes! Combat flows very organically, both shooting and martial art sections, and all without the continuous cuts and terrible shaky cam that we see in basically every other action movie. Keanu Reeves also plays nearly all action scenes by himself (no stuntman), which is one of the reason the director can have long action scenes without cuts or interruptions! So, Action: 10/10<br/><br/>On the other hand, the plot is... meh. John Wick is trying to escape from basically every other assassin in the whole world and seeking the few allies that could somehow help him. Nothing too shocking, just a pretext to show amazing action.<br/><br/>In conclusion, watch this movie if you like great action. And trust me, it's GREAT! But if you are searching for a deep and complex plot or profound emotions, you won't find them here. The movie is of course awesome. Let's be honest, it's John Wick. But, it misses the shivering scenes in previous parts where we feel John Wick is the Boogeyman, and every one wets themselves by hearing his name.<br/><br/>This part, John is weaker, slower, gets beaten badly, and you will not feel his character much as the first two parts.<br/><br/>The action is the best you will ever see, but still no story and gets boring at times, specially the last scene with the 2 Chinese guys, it got dull after a long time of just punching and kicking with nothing other than that.<br/><br/>Another bad thing, is the music. It isn't as awesome as the previous parts. It's the same theme song on repeat. No new additions.<br/><br/>John Wick is one of my favorite movies ever, and I am sad to see it not in the same level as the previous 2 parts. However, it's a must see movie, as the action and acting is just great. Never miss seeing this! This movie was Awesome and non stop action, I Loved it. The beginning of the film makes you feel that the Action will be all the scenes, and all I saw in this film was amazing, in addition to the unexpected scenes, directing, acting, idea were wonderful in the sense of the word. Watch it and you will not regret it Pure enjoyable smart and creative action film
Really awesome film, the cast the action.
Funny smart and creative Wick, John Wick.<br/><br/>Considering all the chaos on the set and behind the scenes of the new Bond film, "Bond 25", and that the Broccoli family just cannot seem to keep it together anymore, I say it is time for John Wick to ascend to the throne of top action franchise. Sure he is technically a "bad guy" but that is what makes him so much more ruthless than a government agent. Bond has a license to kill, but when has he ever done so with such determined abandon as Wick has done in all three of his films? And bad guy or not, he has a heart of gold.<br/><br/>While I doubt Bond will be done any time soon, I feel the brand has run it's course. That it survived the end of the cold war is amazing since Bond was indeed a cold war agent; but now it is time to say goodbye James. I guess watching this movie, as well as the 2nd book, alone and with out context would make it quite bad, empty... but if one watched the 3 in succession the experience is quite different.
I loved it, but there was a moment with so much violence and fights which became boring and the story behind it nonsensical. But this moment goes quick and the exciting goes on until a very surprising ending wraps things up for he next chapter.
I am glad a medium size production gets so much success... good ideas are not abundant on Hollywood these days, even if the smart people can understand John Wick was created by Sergio Leone More John Wick, more intricate over the top choreography, more bullet shells loitering floor. If you liked the 2nd then you will thoroughly enjoy this 3rd installment.<br/><br/>Honestly, nothing compares to the original. But they hace really outdone themselves this time with the action. I just feel like the John Wick world building has gotten a little out of hand. And unlike the first one, which showed us a grieving Wick with some firmly grounded motivation, the last two have not.<br/><br/>Still, go an enjoy the spectacle; it deserves to be watch in huge theater screen.<br/><br/>7.5/10 Although it's light on plot, character development and dialogue, it's hard not to enjoy this insane romp, that doesn't stay a minute longer than it would be welcome. Great fun, with visionary stunt work. Keanu is fun, but the dogs are the real stars of every scene they're in.<br/><br/>Go on, watch it John Wick 3 delivers on the promise of another action packed journey with Keanu into the immersive world of John Wick. They weave on a little story into the mix but what really shines through is the Action set pieces. Beautifully choreographed and edited fight sequences are the staple here. A memorable fight scene involving mirrors and daggers welcomes you towards the beginning, and they are not horsing around (wink wink) in the very next fight scene that follows. The usage of environment in the fight sequences is awesome. Towards mid movie, a couple of canines join the fight which is quite fun to watch. JW3 manages to keep the franchise fresh. In the final battle, there is quite a bit of humor infused into how things play out but not in a unearned way- just perfectly timed for a smile. It is also really well paced so you don't run into 'Fight Fatigue', it comes at all the right moments, so kudos to the editors. If you are a fan of Action and Fight movies, watch JW3 today. It will not disappoint. John Wick: Chapter 3 Parabellum
Directed by Chad Stahelski<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is the thrilling continuation of this up and coming action series. The story is engaging enough to follow to bring us to each brilliantly choreographed fight scene and shootout. This has created one of the best action trilogies in modern times.<br/><br/>The film starts with a very intense first act as John Wick is on the run from assassins everywhere. Things take off at a very fast pace as within minutes, John Wick already begins killing in some fun and creative action sequences. One kill early on in particular shocked the entire theatre helping to set the brutal tone for this fun thrill ride.<br/><br/>From there the film goes global while greatly expanding on the world built within the first 2 installment. This leads to an incredibly well made set piece with some dogs getting in the action and racking up some kills. It's truly exciting stuff. Seen in a theatre, you feel the impact of every shot and every punch strongly which makes for a thrilling experience.<br/><br/>We then arrive to the third act which begins with a exhilarating chase with incredible stuntwork along a highway in Manhattan. They keep the adrenaline up with an intense and very entertaining shootout sequence in the dark hotel lobby changing up the game with some fun suprises involved.<br/><br/>The final fight is one of the best shot and choreographed fights I've seen in quite a while. Taking place in a mirror room makes for some incredible cinematography while also playing some tricks with your eyes. The brutal fight scene has very few cuts and is all in camera making for another very entertaining scene in the film.<br/><br/>Overall this is another very well made film in this franchise. It is very fast paced with exhilarating and amazingly choreographed action. It is visually stunning while also packing a punch in the sound department. This makes for some of the best action we will see all year and is a must see for fans of the franchise and the genre.
9/10 John Wick manages to be more action-packed with every new movie. The plot is paper thin. Adding some deep moral story would be hypocritical and ridiculous as this is an ultra violent movie.<br/><br/>It's a long music video where it's fight scene after fight scene with John Wick playing a deadly game of dance with his adversaries. The set of rules in the underworld serve as dark comedy and as a vehicle to somewhat humanize the bogeyman and the other players.<br/><br/>It could have been a little bit shorter but if you liked the previous installments then Chapter 3 will not disappoint. The world that John Wick is a part of has been developing for three movies already and it keeps getting better. The story is not the most complicated one, however, it does develop also and in my opinion is quite good.
Chapter 1: The first part of the movie was portraying John as a normal guy living in a normal world. Very little was known about the assassins and their own secret world. Towards the end of the movie we only knew a little more about Keanu's character - we knew he managed to get out, but it was not clear how. We knew he was skilled assassin but he was getting some beating too since he was "Retired". We knew that there are others like him but we did not know exactly what kind of life they were living.
Chapter 2: At the end of the first movie, John Wick said he was back and we could see that in the Chapter 2. The action went up, he became more effective and brutal and more parts John Wick's past were brought up. It's important to remember that all three movies basically take place in a very short time of each other in terms of the story line - the motivation of the character also developed from seeking only for revenge in Chapter 1, then looking to finish that revenge and trying to break free again in Chapter 2. In Chapter 3 he was even seeking refuge because he saw that he cannot win this fight.
Chapter 3: Apart from the first few action scenes, John Wick was trying to escape - he was looking for a way to end this since it was clear he cannot keep it up. The way they shaped the story that he got a safe passage back to NYC, throwing him back into the madness was actually quite clever. By doing so they managed to justify his travel - his motivation to leave NYC was to escape the bounty hunters who were after him, his motivation to go to Casablanca was to put an end to the contract on his head, going back to NYC was supposed to finalize that deal. His desire to see Winston as a friend was also understandable - he lost Marcus (Daniel Defoe's character), he lost his wife and he just came back from years of living a "normal life" so you could see he was more sentimental than his "old self".
The action scenes is the thing that defines the entire franchise, but there is still decent story line which can introduce other characters and can keep things interesting for quite a while. Definitely a fantastic action movie - just go and see it! It means that this was a REALLY , top of the tops ! I have to remember when i have seen such good fight scenes, so well filmed, with such good choreography .
And the dogs... oh my... half the movie was those dogs... Kudos to the trainer.
Hale Berry was a really good addition , and hey ! a really good fighter !
The funny moments were well done and placed.
It just came in to my mind, i recon that the only better fights than here , are in the UFC , and only because are totally real .
To every one who make this movie ,
Magna Cum Laude ! Or better say : is it possible 11 stars ? Cos' my wide awake misuss will pay for the whole family to go and see it . And is a biiig family... and i'll go with them . Each new movie in the series gets better than the last one. This one is just a masterpiece. Opens the door for many more in the series and its TV show as well. A much awaited thriller, stunning visuals and captivating action of Keanu Reeves. The John Wick series has been one of my favorite, if not my favorite action trioligies of all time. It doesn't try too hard to surprise you, the style is flashy and sharp, but the action- the action is downright jaw dropping. And here in the 3rd outing, it reigns king. You'll definitely shout when you see what john Wick can do with a book.<br/><br/>Plot- Easy, just like you want it. He's on the run from everyone under the high table (the fictional assassination conglomerate of the Wick universe) with a bounty of 14 million over his head. He faces more advanced enemies, very close calls, and ventures far away from home. It's a hell of a time.<br/><br/>Characters/Acting- Wick is more lethal than ever, using new methods of execution. He's still bad to the bone and seems more convincing here. Halle Berry absolutely killsssss it in her role, whooping ass as if Keanu trained her for years. The villains are interesting, not too far from typical but always well played.<br/><br/>Writing- Some highly predictable lines like "Guns....lots of guns" but otherwise very spiced up and actually hilarious when it intends to be. Simplicity is key.<br/><br/>Quality- I wish I could just clap for this section. The cinematography, perfect. The choreography- even more dazzling. The one shot fighting scenes blow me away. Keanu is a master. The music- driving and has that 2000's vibe. It's rock solid.<br/><br/>Overall I recommend that any action fan should get up right now and go see it. I won't over exaggerate on an action movie, ever, and these three films struck me as probably the best action trilogy in the last 19 years aside maybe Marvel or Fast and Furious films. You want a blast, go see this please. This universe, created without any source material, had to develop and expand itself in every new film. The same fiction can not be made for each film. We don't know if Derek Kolstad had thought that John Wick would be this big when he first created it, but when we came to the third film it seems clear how the story deepened and became beautiful.<br/><br/>This film offers you all kinds of action. The film has a unique style of action. Any action you can think of is included in the third film. Moreover, exponentially! The enemies are increasingly jumping. As we saw in the trailer, there is even a horse escape scene. There's so much more to it. At this point, sometimes there can be a small illusion in the viewer. Only action-oriented films can be considered empty. We can say that John Wick 3 offers almost uninterrupted action for 2 hours and 10 minutes. But in doing so, it doesn't forget the story. You will learn new and very interesting details of John Wick and you will get new ideas about the functioning of the universe.<br/><br/>Stahelski has very impressive shots.The main venues preferred for the main fights were especially appreciated. The fact that the director's vision is so blended with Keanu Reeves and other actors is very effective on the traceability of the film. Stahelski deserves great praise.<br/><br/>The film also brings new characters. One of them is Sofia, played by Halle Berry. Obviously the audience will love Sofia. Halle Berry has done a great job. Mark Dacascos is one of our main villains; He portrayed the character Zero in the film.<br/><br/>Among the action films, it was both a strong story and an ambitious way of action. I think that the action-lovers will be pleasure separated from this film. 9/10 Loved how they choreographed the dogs...maybe first time in film. The first part of the movie does not disappoint. It is so good I will buy this movie to enjoy it again and again. The second half suffers from the lack of intense engaging dialogue and weak casting that fails to suspend disbelief. Halle Berry doesn't fit here. She's not sexy enough or tough enough for this part. To compensate for weak writing they cast an established star but it doesn't work. I don't believe her character. The final fight scene is acceptable but not on par with the brilliance of the opening dance! Again the opening fight scenes set the bar for all future action movies! WOW! Best action series of all time. Nothing quite like jw Amazing action sequence which is established with the most suitable talented actor for the realization of this movie. John Wick wouldn't be such an entertaining movie if the actor was someone besides Keanu Reeves. There are some interesting plot twists also which make this movie almost exceptional. 8.5 / 10 If you've seen the first and second John Wick films this one turns up everything to 11. However, in expanding or rather exploding the 'John Wick Universe' it lacks some subtlety at a couple of points that would have elevated the film to classic status. A visual, bone-crunching feast with all the reckless bravado and budget of a third film in a series. I for one believe that each and every one of the John Wick films are good in there own way. This film had a great 15 minutes, John on the run straight after chapter 2, I really like the 'excomunicado scenes and the count down' - also the library fight and scenes with the doctor. From then on I enjoyed the knife fight scene and learning more about John's past with the director, I like the addition of the ajudicator character however I wish we learnt more of her and the high table - as well as the Director. I also think that Charlise would be a more suitable actress for the role. I liked the scenes in Morroco, however even though i like action it dragged on for too long, same with the ending fight scenes. Prop to the stunt crew, and the filmers because they were all clean cuts, no shacking which I loved.<br/><br/>Overall:
Really good film - great action, however in some cases the fights were a bit too long - more focus on storyline needed - in which the first 15 minutes conducted.<br/><br/>Props to all in producing a nice addition to the John Wick series. From the start to the end, the breath hijacking, justifying fights and violence for survival seems real and holding. I couldn't predict the survival of John before watching the movie. And, yea, after those captivating scenes, he truly deserves to survive. John wasn't as brutal as chapter 1 and 2 in this chapter. But he was consistent in winning through. I can't help but anticipate the magic and wonders chapter 4 has in storage. As the heading suggest this movie is surely to watch, i feel even the rating should be 8.5. This movie has so many oh my god moments, the star cast is awesome. Waiting for next part The movie is really great. But I want to talk about the macro hidden message beyond the whole sequel:<br/><br/><ul><li>never break a contract. Once you sign it, you must honor it.</li><li>if you make a mistake, honor the consequences. Don't be a whiner or try to change the rules of the original contract because you don't like it anymore.</li><li>be the best at your job, aim to be number #1 in your life or professional area.</li><li>be calm and contain your emotions, even when super excited. I love how calm they are the whole movie.</li><li>money matters, but it should not be the main goal of your life. Relationships matter more.</li></ul> Slow fight scenes, it's like watching wrestling, a film for the small and low resolution screen so you can't see everything, week storyline and some bad acting here and there, comic relief is only an intent. Comparing this to Endgame is like comparing potatoes to dragonfruit. Overall a movie for those who like violence and shooting and don't care about silly things like acting, storyline or anything that makes a movie "good". I can only say its John Wick, u know John Wick?
The man who killed 3 other guys with a pencil, yeah. This movie is a direct sequel and picks up right where the second movie left off. John has only a few minutes before all the assassins of New York descend upon him and kill him.<br/><br/>John is desparately trying to collect a few items he needs but is quickly confronted by one of tallest assassins ever. (FYI very tall people don't blend well in crowds and would quickly be caught.) This is where I lost it. John has an outstanding contract of $14 million and the super tall assassin decides to give John a heads up and a fighting chance. John (who at end of the first movie was shot and has been running all over New York) manages to win a fist fight with this guy. Even though John just pulled a book which contained some gold coins and a rosary, he for some reason chose not to store a gun in the book as well. Tell me John stashed a gun and I will believe it. Alas, that did not happen.<br/><br/>In the next scene John, impressively puts together a gun from multiple different stock parts in a display case. After all his effort though, he fires one bullet? Come on man, keep using the gun until you csn John Wick is a must watch Action Movie to watch.
John Wick, John Wick 2, and John Wick 3 This film is better than Avengers End Game Period ! Very intersting about action scene and sound, i want to watch again I loved John Wick 1 and 2. I rewatched them yesterday just to be up to date and even at second viewing the action was still cool and the story still thrilling.<br/><br/>Now I just came back from cinema and I am very, very sad, but:<br/><br/>For me this might be the most boring movie I have ever seen in my life. And it makes me incredibly sad.
I didn't go in expecting a storytelling masterpiece, I went in expecting a fun action thriller, but what I got was a repetitive bloodshed 50% of the movie, and an exceptionally not-believeable story line paired with really bad acting by Asia Kate Dillon.
I went in expecting a creative action blockbuster that makes sense and builds on the foundation laid by previous chapters. They repeatedly mention "consequences", but nothing in this movie has consequences. It starts with John Wick going on a weird journey to some dude who tells him about some other dude who hides in the desert and that dude then for some reason gives him a second chance if he kills Winston? But why? They also show us how the Bowery king gets killed but then hes not dead. How? They also tell us that Winston has to step back, but then after John kills 50 dudes he gets his power back. Why?
Nothing in this movie has consqeuences.
We have seen John get hit by cars in previous movies and it was unbelievable then but this movie brings it to a whole new level. Two cars run him over and it just doesn't matter. He doesn't even bling.
And then there are these tweo dudes in one of the end fights who had John on the ground but help him up again and then they keep fighting. Why?
The only difference between the start of the movie and the outcome is this: Winston and John are no longer allies I suppose and the bowery king helps John again. That's litereally it.<br/><br/>But the main problem is: The action sequences got boring REALLY quickly.<br/><br/>I really wanted to love this movie, but I just couldn't. I am glad if you did. Its a video game with Player 1 and 2 using immortal cheat codes. Absolutely loved this movie! Keanu Reeves is the best action actor ever. Seriously the craziest movie ever! Amazingly filmed movie with fantastic actors. I can't wait for #4. OMG!! OMG!!! YOU have to see this movie more than 2 times. I prefer this movie 🍿 over the Avengers end game. And yes I saw the Avengers :Endgame. I am a movie junkie. I live at the Theater. Lol First of all Halle Berry never disappoints! One of the Most BEAUTIFUL Women in the World. Long story short . John Wick entire cast most definitely did not disappoint! The Suspense kept us on edge of our seats . Popcorn was barely in my mouth. Last but not lease. Oscar for John Wick is a must!!! Stop giving boring movies Oscars that audience are not even going to see and don't even make Box office hits. John Wick definitely gets my vote for BEST!!! 🎥 Movie. This movie is amazing!! I guess JW 3 is one of the best action movie i ever seen!!
JW 3 was amazing, epic, thrilling, nail bitting. I think you have to watch it! No word can describe it 😍 it's so amazing 😍 there wasn't any thing bad in it nothing at all 👏🏻👏🏻 perfecto 🤑 The runtime is too generous for a movie with a razor thin plot, and a second act that is lethargic. The action scenes in the beginning are very entertaining, but the violence eventually becomes redundant in the frivolous gore. It delivers on the mindless shoot 'em up action, but not much else. This has everything you need Assassins, full on gore full on hardcore action movie because this is what is. this is one of greatest trilogy of all time of John wick franchise this kept up very well and it continued very from ending off john wick chapter 2, (Keanu Reeves) john wick is excommunicado in equal 2 hours it filmed at night, it has nice touch of neo noir colors. he goes around tries his best to get out of NY so he can hide because he is marked for 14 million dollars to kill him so he is on run, he is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild Santino D'Antonio if you seen 2nd chapter john wick , and with a $14 million price tag on his head he is the target of hit men and women everywhere coming against him it never ends he tries to kill everyone but they still keep coming at him. he runs away to Casablanca, Morocco and bonus points specially we got new characters that were not mentioned in another john wick movies like (Halle Berry) Sofia witch is becoming like john wick kicking ass so much ass then to captain marvel kicking her in butt. i loved her character she is still pretty in her 50's. john and Sofia known each another for longtime because they use to work together. she is a an assassin like john wick and a close friend of John Wick. love to see her own action movie spin off movie based on john wick to see how they worked each another to find her lead role movie she is amazing character got her own dogs and ripping nuts out and killing a lot of guys not just that ripping balls off to the walls. and loved this best villain better then second villain from 2nd john wick that is legend action martial artiest known for Kickboxer 5: The Redemption, crying freeman, Drive, brotherhood of wolf, Cradle 2 the Grave, Hawaii 50 TV series, then rest of movies slaright to DVD films. (Mark Dacacos) Zero not SUB-ZERO then he comeback to this big budget movie i needed him to see him in huge role i wish he got to be in movie a lot longer, but he did great it should him the passion, showed him how he is fan of john wick. I found a quote from the director saying he was a big fan of Marc Dacacos in Drive and Brotherhood of the Wolf. Very awesome he gave props to Drive. well Chad give Mark Dacacos more lead role movies but big budget movies. the fight scenes are no stunt doubles from keanu reeves. he does fight scenes for himself. i wanted this b*tch to die The Adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) she is villain character is a of The Adjudicator of High Table. she is character argues to much of why they let john wick lives and she always collects any information to kill john wick and judges people to kill john wick, it's hard to explain but first watch this movie and then you will understand how you want this b*tch to die we all have to wait for John Wick Chapter 4 because it leaves a lot of room for sequel for John Wick Chapter 4 and director i love and I'm sure the director of The Raid films is a big fan, he appreciates action scenes like these instead of Superhero fight scenes thanks to Chad Stahelski knows how to make old school action movies rather then marvel studio PG-13 kids movies this franchise owns Marvel movies any action movies of today owns marvel expect for punisher, deadpool, blade movies and Netflix marvel shows. this you can't beat this or put this above of anything.<br/><br/>We didn't know if Derek Kolstad one of great action movie writer he has written Package (2013) Jesse V Johnson film, One in the Chamber, he should make and direct movies and make some another action movies like Expendables for explame he is well writer for john wick movies and he had thought that John Wick would be this big when he first created it, but when we came to the third film it seems clear how the story deepened and became beautiful and becomes a fantastic franchise that never failed it all successful.i rather give this much more credit and give this much of pass then to Avengers Endgame and action just keeps going on and on it never stops this action installment franchise is always non stop action the action never stops. this will be worth to see it at theater edge of your seat. This film offers you all kinds of action. The film has a unique style of action. Any action you can think of it's creative never seen any of action before and it is included in the third film. Moreover, exponentially! The enemies are increasingly jumping. As we saw in the trailer, that's why you don't check out the trailer at all never you have to<br/><br/>see movie as blind date not seeing the trailer thats best way for franchise to be for me i check out little teaser never check out trailer or big trailer it takes all action way. the action is not copyed any another action movies this movie created it's own action style like here is even a horse escape scene. nothing like scene from true lies when Schwarzenegger was chasing terrorist on it's bike the scene is a lot different There's so much more to it. At this point, sometimes there can be a small illusion in the viewer, also throwing 20 knifes everywhere, shooting and killing everybody just for one person who can kill everyone else just over 17 million dollars everyone makes excuse of themselves saying it was just a dog when it wasn't just dog. most idiots out their hates action films when they don't ever listen to the story at all and they are jealous as hell it doesn't forget the story. You will learn new and very interesting details of John Wick and you will get new ideas about the functioning of the universe of this amazing trilogy i love story goes all in order and how it goes for 3rd chapter i would tell marvel fans and tie them upside down to watch this amazing franchise that kick marvel out of it's ass. This is One of the Most Adrenaline Pulse Pounding Action/ Badass film of 2019, Keanu Reeves Kick A lot of Ass with his Shootings and Fights sequences, and a Great third film entry by making a perfect trilogy John Wick 3 Is the Defiantly The Best Action film of this year so far... A Hard task very well done acheived , meaning this , that to keep up the very high level of quality that the previous Jonh WIck Titles have set. I rated this 10* because not only the movie did Not defrauded my expectations , as also raised even more the bar . For me, this movie and the previous Jonh Wick Titles , are now a Full Proof Reference of this kind of movies. Any Action Movie to be considered and rated good or not so good ,should be cross referenced to Jonh Wick´s.<br/><br/>As for the title Parabellum , once again , action choreograpfy taken to perfection in timing , intensity, angles, a very well directed title.
Cast, just cannot see anyone else assuming any part, all them fit like a glove.
Keanu is flawless, and all training and experience on other movies of this gender ,has paid up . Intense . Even on small comic reliefes during
Sountrack and effects are sublime . An immersive adrenaline bath of action that takes you on a high paced run for life itself.
Saw it on IMAX, i tottaly recomend to see this movie John wick parabellium one of rhe greatest action movie. He really is the One.<br/><br/>Actually that just says it all, its epic, a must watch. Better than the first episode and usually after the first it doesn't get better. Now it does.<br/><br/>From the start till the end the action is something which you haven't seen before. Which is pretty rare as well I think.<br/><br/>Thanks a lot Keanu! Just saw John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum and this helps make the John Wick trilogy one of the greatest action trilogies' of all time. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum takes place right after the second movie where John Wick, played by Keanu Reeves, has killed a member of the high table and has a $14 million bounty on his head. Now he has to prove why everybody calls him baba yaga (boogeyman) as he fights to survive. First of all, I will say that this film has the best action scenes out of all three films. Not a lot of these scenes though had one shot takes but honestly I'm fine with that because they are still really entertaining to watch. I honestly have no clue how director, Chad Stahelski, can keep upping up these action shots but somehow he can and has. Keanu Reeves is still amazing as John Wick and just dominates it as this role. Although I didn't like what they did to his character that just comes out of nowhere and doesn't fit his character. I'm not the biggest fan of Halle Berry, who plays Sofia, but in this role she won me over. Especially because I learned that she actually did a lot of her stunts herself and went through the training. I will say that the middle section of this movie is really slow and pretty boring at times. During the middle section it slows down to a snail pace and it feels like it. It was at this point in time that I was considering lowering the review but then it redeemed itself with the finally. There is a subplot that ok I understand why it had to happen but in the end it wasn't really necessary and just came in at awkward times. The editing in this film was awkward and how it transitioned from one scene to the next. There was no smooth transition it just awkwardly changed scenes. The music in this film is still great though and if anybody needs and epic soundtrack to work out to this soundtrack is perfect for that. I do wish that in one scene they included music. In the end, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a great film for the first bit and ending but the middle section loses it for me. It does end with an idea for a fourth movie and I hope it will happen. I give John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum a 9.5/10. John Wick Chapter 3 is the best chapter so far. It is truly a fantastic movie that is a must see. A lot of these revenge movies are entertaining but they are hollow. It's hard to emmese yourself in the storyline, not only is this not the case for John wick but the action in this 3rd movie is so far the most elaborate and stellar! Also the story is not over there is SO much more they can do, a fight against the high table vs. New York cities Russian Mob, the continental hotel, and the kind of under the table. If they are smart that's what the 3rd movie will be! Which I'm sure that's gunna he the premise. But they really did being this full circle hands down the best movie I've seen this season I enjoyed it more than endgame. It's hard to judge between 2 genres like that but I'm a huge revenge story fan and theres no better story of revenge than John wick. Equalizer who? Sorry Denzel your amazing and equalizer 1 was as well but the second movie just ruined it and John Wick prevails in a large and substantial way. All i can say saw this movie last night... It was super entertaining it's just fun to watch Keanu kicking butt..... I like the scenes and also enjoyed watching Halle Berry kick butt as well.... I thought it was a good follow up to the prior John wick movies 👍👍 i would totally see it again. John wick the man who can not be killed. This movie doesnt do cliches. Its fresh its unique its brilliant. Best action movie and trilogy you will ever see. The fight scenes and amazing. I cant critisize this movies at all. Hope they make a 4th I'm not going to retype all the great reasons to go see this film. Just go, pay whatever the ticket price is, buy your popcorn, sit there and enjoy John F'n Wick. If you are reading this, you are likely already a fan of this "Trilogy". (Potential for a fourth). This one has it all, just like the first two installments. Seeing the long takes and the team ups, which we havent had so far in this series, are indescribable. Fresh moveset, camera angles, and creative kills. This 3rd installment makes you really think back and realize that yes, this isnt the world we know- its different. Pardon the cliche but think matrix, which there is an awesome one line nod to here; and how that opens up a suspension of disbelief that directors chad and leach somehow dont make us question that suspension. It just is the world you enter when your stub is torn. Really... this john wick story can go on to another trilogy.<br/><br/>I will see this again in theatres, just to pay for the true sense of film and art. Not that cashhrab endgame garbage. Watch this movie, dont blink, and pray for a 2nd trilogy (the directors intellingently implied another universe within this one we already know). I say up the ante and go it for a 4th. Best trilogy since (choose one).<br/><br/>Who would have thought that Keaunu is arguable the best actor of his generation. How did he avoid major typecast? Commitment. Watch his 3-gun on youtube and yea, he does more stunts than the cruise. Sorry, Tom.<br/><br/>Lastly: keep an eye out for the best martial artist from around the globe. A+ wick. And your little dog, too. This movie will not disappoint!! The fight scenes were phenomenal. Halle Berry with her dogs were badass!! The back story of John Wick and how he became one of the greatest assassins of all times was short, sweet and to the point. The movie kept me on the edge of my seat for the entire 2 hours. I will be seeing it again and can't wait for John Wick 4!!! Amazing movie, a brilliant sequel, action packed film The latest installment of the JOHN WICK story (titled CHAPTER 3 - PARABELLUM) is one long chase scene. It's 2 hours and 10 minutes of John Wick (Keanu Reeves) running and fighting and chasing and fighting and running again and fighting again.<br/><br/>And...that's just fine with me. For JOHN WICK 3 (JW3 as I'll call it from now on) is one of the finest choreographed films (fight scene-wise) that I have seen in quite a long time.<br/><br/>Picking up right after JOHN WICK CHAPTER 2 - JW3 follows John as he is declared "Ex-Communicado" from the underground Assassins organization that he has been a part of, then retired from, then pulled back in with a $14 million bounty on his head.<br/><br/>This flick kicks right into action (literally) with John and a few "red-shirt assassins" taking on each other in a hallway filled with knives. Will all these knives be used in the ensuing fight? You bet they will be - but it is how they are used - and how this scene (and all the fight scenes) are set-up, choreographed, and shot that makes this movie a strong cut above the standard fare in this sort of film.<br/><br/>That's because Director Chad Stahelski - a stunt man/fight coordinator for over 70 films - wisely focuses his attention on the grace, athleticism and strength of the stunts/fights and eschews the "quick-cut edit" style of fight scenes that is so en vogue these days. Stahelski keeps his camera "in place" and lets us, the audience, watch what's going on in (seemingly) long shots that are going to have you saying to yourself "how did they do that". Stahelski has helmed all 3 John Wick films thus far and I hope he helms many, many more.<br/><br/>You'll also be asking yourself how did 53 year old Keanu Reeves do all that fight work? It is incredible, physical work for him - and he is up to the task. John Wick is a man of few words - and much, much action - which suits the acting talents of this performer quite well.<br/><br/>Back for another go in the series - and having fun along the way - are Ian McShane, Lawrence Fishburne and Lance Reddick - as colleagues, collaborators and/or foes of John Wick in this underworld. Capably joining in - with just as much a twinkle in their eyes - are Angelica Huston, Hallee Berry (in her best work in years) and Jerome Flynn (Bron from Game of Thrones). A new addition (at least to me) was the strong work brought forth by Asia Kate Dillon (TV's ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK) as "the Adjudicator" - who is monitoring the John Wick proceedings, Special mention needs to be made of the work of Mark Dacascos (TV's Iron Chef America!) as Wick's chief adversary - a strong effort (both acting-wise and physically/fighting wise) that I just didn't know this performer had in him.<br/><br/>A quick side-note on some animal performances here. There is a scene where a bad guy "gets it" from a horse...and I thought...how are they going to top that...and then immediately top it - GOOD FOR YOU, HORSE! And...a film has FINALLY figured out a way to use attack/guard dogs in a way that had you rooting for these four-legged, furry friends over the fiends they are attacking.<br/><br/>But...make no mistake about this...this film is about the fighting...and the intriguing Assassin's world that was first presented in the original (and I do mean ORIGINAL) John Wick film. I said at the time that I hoped they would expand this world, I wanted to see more of it. And...expand it they have...for the better. The world has become more intriguing to me, and I want EVEN MORE, PLEASE, of this world and of the uniquely original fight choreography that comes along with it.<br/><br/>This film is not for everyone - it is bloody (but in a "cartoon way"...I wouldn't say it is gory) and it is one long chase scene. But, if this is "your thing", you'll enjoy it very much.<br/><br/>Letter Grade: A-<br/><br/>8 stars out of 10 and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis) One of the best action movie and sequel. Very well done. Can't wait for the next chapter. No spoilers until further down<br/><br/>The plot is thinner than paper in an extensively interesting and intriguing universe with amazing non-stop action.
The fast pace made the movie fly by.
Fantastic movie!
Had the sort of action that inspires people to want to make movie/do martial arts/choreography.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
****SPOILER****<br/><br/>I'm not sure if I liked the very ending considering John wick got shot 2 or 3 times in the chest, then in his arm, then fell a distance that would kill or paralyse him. Yet he survived and the final scene hinted at a sequel. I'd be very happy with a sequel but he should be dead in my eyes. It is a great movie. Its starts exactly where the John Wick: Chapter 2 was left and the story is very engaging as it explores its world of assassins. I saw the first two movies and I was blown away by how truly amazing those were and now after seeing the 3rd movie in this franchise I sit back in aw and amazement by how truly amazing it was! This movie is 100% worth watching! Truly breath taking!! Easily the best one in the franchise. Keanu Reeves is literally the baddest dude in the game The John wick movies are simply an art. That are carefully and beautifully made. It is also just fun. It is a pure joy to watch. John wick 3 takes it to the next level and blew me away again. This is the best John Wick so far. Just when I thought the other two couldn't get any better 😍 As always lots of great action scenes there just needed to be a little bit more story line. Tons and tons of action, but no story line. The first 2 were substantially better. No doubt about it John Wick 2 is the best.
John Wick 3 has long fights. Longer than the rest. If you like long action go to John Wick: Chapter 3 Parabellum This movie was great, if you don't count one fight towards the end that feels a bit drawn out. Other than that the action is perfect and also NO POLITICS.This movie is a rare find. Go watch it NOW. Although my opinion it wasn't as good as the other films it was still really good. The story was pretty stupid but let's be honest no one's really watching this for the story or acting ( I thick and hope) so that was fine. My criticism is with the fights not all of them but some of them just seem kind of repetitive. For instance when I don't know the persons name but their dog gets killed the fights are really good but The dog does like the same move every time. That's up to say it was't great but it just lasted a bit to long. Also the one v one at the end with the sword fighting was meh compared to what happened with the guys students. That being said this is still a great action film that should be enjoyed as a fun shooter up that had some fantastic fights like the chase either motorcycles and the very first scenes with the knifes. Also most the fights were really good at the hotel.<br/><br/>7.7 out of 10 John's not having a good week.<br/><br/>Let's recap: John's wife dies, she gifts him a dog from the grave, sadly said dog heads to the grave shortly after and John's car is stolen. John retires his retirement to exact revenge and eventually gets his car back. But, the commotion he caused sucks him back in to complete a mission, get targeted and exact revenge, once again. In doing so, he's ousted from the assassin's creed.<br/><br/>And all that takes place over two movies and basically less than a week. Meanwhile, 30 minutes later...we have: John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum.<br/><br/>I'm such a huge fan of the first one, I was skeptical and not wanting a sequel. It was a complete story and could've/should've been one and done. But, I watched the second chapter regardless and it was pretty good. Definitely a step down from #1, but worthy.<br/><br/>Now I was nervous about the continual reduction of quality before I saw the third installment. In fact, I almost didn't see it in theatres, but decided to anyways. I AM....GLAD I DID.<br/><br/>This movie was fantastic. As close to as great as the first one was, but just off a bit and a total redemption from part 2. The humor was stepped up, the action intense and the creativity was definitely alive. This was definitely John Wick's Last Crusade (make-up movie.)<br/><br/>Like I said, he's got now 30 minutes before he's excommunicated, or is it excommunicado, or is that the same word, different language? Anyways, he has to fight his way out of trouble and try his best to stay alive. It ain't easy when no one wants to/can help him.<br/><br/>I think the entire series (of 3 so far) has taken place in about a week or so. Nice to see Keanu Reeves look and act the same even though it's been years in-between the sequels. I never thought I'd ever say it, but he's amazing in this and it's his best series to date. (Yes, way better than The Matrix, and uh-huh, more excellent than Bill & Ted's.)<br/><br/>If you had doubts like me about this movie, squash them right now, go online, buy a ticket and then go see it. Doesn't just help you to see the first 2 first, but it's practically a must. So, if you haven't, buy said ticket for tomorrow and binge Chapters 1-2 back-to-back and you'll be in for a real treat tomorrow.<br/><br/>And what'll sweeten the pot: the terrible CGI blood that's so blatantly obvious in the first two films is just barely found here. More so in the last half, but at least they give you a full hour without dealing with such lazy filmmaking and cheap shortcuts.<br/><br/>Cannot wait to buy this trilogy on blu when it comes out. Probably best action trilogy since Bourne's OG threesome.<br/><br/>***<br/><br/>Final thoughts: After more than a year's search, I finally, and swiftly, found a song I've been dying to find! This movie actually played it - totally shocking and pleasing me since I knew I could find it immediately upon returning home: "Ninja Re Bang Bang." Since I don't speak Japanese and only heard 30 seconds of it from two friends (of each other) doing the TikTok thing to it, I had little to go on. I messaged the owner of the video and never heard back. So, thanks, John. Sorry, Mr. Wick. It took pure coincidence for me to hear that 2013 song in your 2019 action flick set nowhere near Japan. Actions were good but it wasn't what we expected. We love wick we love how he fights.
but it was kinda boring.sorry wick The second chapter was weak and honestly not my cup of tea, but this one is amazing and superb it is fun, very dynamic and it is a pleasure see so much talented cast. Halle is incredible and as always Keanu and Laurence have great chemistry... I will see it again! Chapter 3 delivers the block-block- punch-over shoulder throw(ippon segei nage )-bullet-bullet as usual! Fight scenes are technically awesome. But sometimes are a bit distant from the audience hearts. Keanu Reeves is incredibly athletic for his age- makes his slow down a bit more real! Chapter has opened few complications for next one. All characters fight well, Halle Berry scenes with hand to hand fight although is a stretch and do not convince. Do not shoot dogs. This sequel is amazing! I love the fighting scene against duo The Raid. They don't get killed. Why john?? Watched it yesterday and it was worth every penny and time, Loved the whole movie Respect for Keanu and whole team of John Wick 3 Despite Keanu's obvious good looks the man is "the" OG action star & rightfully so. John Wick trilogies are so freaking good and Pt.3 was action packed from beginning to end. I've never seen Halle Berry go hard like this & she was no slouch it was so good. We loved the action, the story, the humor all of it was brilliantly done. And the nod to the Matrix was just that little extra piece of awesome. This does not disappoint and is a must see film. How Keanu does it I don't know but dude does it so freakin well and I am loving every second of it. 10 out of 10!!! Yes it's that good The best acción movie, the fights are legitimately awesome from the beginning to the end John Wick 3 is absolutely busting at the seams with action. Picking up basically right where the second film finishes, the choreography and the action scenes are absolutely awe inspiring. Pure adrenaline, it's like Time Crisis on crack.<br/><br/>Along with Keanu Reeves, alot of the familiar faces return (i won't sit here and list them i'll let you see for yourself), but Halle Berry appears as a pivotal character in the second act, another insane assassin who is much on the same skill level as John who is basically living in hiding to provide a safe and comfortable life for her daughter. We also get introduced to a woman who is an Ajudicator, a high up member of "The Table" and goes around handing down punishment to anyone who gave any shred of assistance to John after he was made "Excommunicado".<br/><br/>The extra additions to this movie are sensationally executed. horses, dogs and motorbikes are all used in very creative and ingenious ways during the action sequences.<br/><br/>There will be the haters saying boo no character development, action scenes ridiculous just like the second movie, repetitive shooting in the stomach and then the head combination. But if that's your base opinion of John Wick 3 then it's your own stupid fault for going to see it in the first place! You should have known what to expect by now. If you're after a trilogy with decent character development, probably steer towards something like the matrix trilogy. Besides, the character of john wick was already developed fully in the first movie in my honest opinion, the sequels are expanding on that and focus a bit more on teaching us more about the world of the assassins and the high table and the rules they have to follow.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is an absolute Sledgehammer of an action movie, Keanu Reeves and Chad Stahelski obviously have an incredible bond together as director/actor, and in case you're wondering yes the door is WIDE OPEN for a fourth movie and as far as the kill count is concerned, go ahead and try.... I don't even think Saving Private Ryan's body count was as high as this. IMDB will most likely upload the body count on their trivia page but i'll be curious to know whether or not it's accurate.<br/><br/>I Can't wait to add this one to my 4K collection, or maybe 8K collection in the near future.... GO SEE IT!!!!!<br/><br/>Fox. Best action movies in modern history. Steven Segal and Van Damm has nothing on JW! I don't ever write reviews but just walked out of the theatre and tell everyone just how good this is. It will leave you with your jaw dropped. When I was told this was the best movie in the series, it's such a understatement... and previous movies were amazing!!!! THIS f ing movie makes me want to watch the first 2 again this movie was non stop action for 2 whole hours oh my God and dont even get me started on Vivaldi YOU KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE WHO SAW IT 90% action, doesn't have much of an evolving storyline.
The producers have played the cash game well, this movie will see a few sequels for sure There may be a point when martial art, continuous movie violence, and stunt action on film becomes almost an overdone video game instead of an artful movie. With this third iteration, Keanu Reeve's seems to have relied almost too heavily on a stunt director who is unable to maintain a consistent, reliable movie fantasy tone as better accomplished by Aleksander Bach's Hitman: Agent 47 (2015) or Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill: Vol. 1 (2003). There were several scenes where it appeared that John Wick somehow avoided being killed because the stunt action either goofed or the script attempted to be just too coy and cute allowing John to escape certain death. There were several scenes where the assassins that John encountered significantly became less adept at fighting from their earlier appearances or as in one scene with motorcycles, while John was permitted to use a gun, his opponents were oddly restricted to only using swords. In a strangely predictable twist towards the end, the movie plot outline seemed to attempt to please a larger audience incorporating both hardcore nasty shocking character denouements while also providing for a more pleasant audience experience which only seemed to result in a lazy compromise in scriptwriting. There are a number of nice tender, emotive points in the movie and a modicum of expressive qualitative moments, but overall, this action movie doesn't quite have the same depth and integrity as the previous two Wick movies. This third Wick movie had the basic outline for a really creative and powerful action movie, but it took the easier video game approach interspersed with a few human moments and overly cute inserts. It's still silly and unrealistic, but, a little less than first two. But, its core, that is action, has gotten better. It's smooth, has interesting stuff (with horses, dogs...) and it, too, is a bit more realistic than before.<br/><br/>The tries at comedic relief don't quite work well, but are not too bad (there's one gag that actually works). Hale Berry cameo is OK in general, but, not so good action wise. She's less smooth, and quite a bit more unrealistic than Keanu.<br/><br/>There are also lost opportunities. Ian McShine's manager misses several opportunities to teach the millennials-era Adjudicator a few lessons that advanced wisdom from decades of doing a certain type of work bring. Essentially, this is done only once and is the above-mentioned one gag that really works.<br/><br/>Also, near the end, the fights are less interesting and take a little too long. Sure, there's an idea why (opponents are the best), but, still, by that time, one is rather tired of watching Keanu fake-fight and kill people. It doesn't go overboard, but, could have been handled better.<br/><br/>So, yeah, still a kind of tribute to the action movies of the 80's in a 10's look-and-feel and fundamentally different than the first two, nothing to really write home about, but, worth a watch. Wow stunning movie can't go wrong with this movie 10/10 amazing action John Wick is back and better then ever. You are mad to miss it. Awsom need a no4 already just gets better & better the action is amazing and is the best movie off the year by far I remember when i watched John Wick part 1, i was entering in cinema i didn't know what i was about to experience i was thinking its another B class action movie of a has been hero but what i witnessed that day literally blow my mind...it was action classic, second time when i was entering in cinema for John Wick 2 i was super excited and i had an idea what am about to witness and it was satisfying another action classic.....but when I watched John Wick Chapter 3, it blew me away all over again, everything about this movie is classic and pitch perfect...Ladies and Gentleman go watch this movie because this series has changed entire action genre. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is the best action movie i have seen. It is rare to have a sequel better the original film but chapter 3 is way better than first and second parts. I liked the first two which i thought were fun films but this one was fantastic. Starts with a bang and then keeps you on the edge of the seat with incredible fight sequences. Few of them are really long and feel like going on and on and on but damn who is complaining. Bring it on. The climax hand to hand kung fu fights are freakin brilliant. I thought this one was the last in the triology but they set up the premise for another sequel in the climax and i can't wait to see the next chapter. If you like action films don't dare to miss this one. This is going to be a considered a classic action film. Just felt in love with the action scenes, just amazing, Keanu is Love There is nothing that you would not expect from the movie with Keanu Reeves. Quality acting. The extremely well-done fight choreography. Funny and cruel jokes/kills. The last part sometimes it feels like you are watching Mortal Kombat fights with an epic "Finish Him" sequence, around almost every corner. And the specific fight/gore humor is at the same sadistic level as in previous movies. They might even push it up a notch or two.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of the previous John Wick movies. Go watch it. You will not be disappointed. I feel I am a bit spoiled with the epic proportions of the Avengers last movie. So I am bit tempted to rate it less than 10. But the movie is really good and it stands it's ground firmly. Although I was glad to see the character John Wick once again it felt like something was lacking from the two previous installments.<br/><br/>The action scenes were well choreographed but at times they seemed to last longer than necessary.<br/><br/>I was hoping for more character development and perhaps background on John's relationship with Winston and Charon.<br/><br/>I will give the film it's due for making me want a fourth chapter. Really enjoyed it especially the horses scene and dogs it was hilarious and smart at the same time , but the graphic violence was a bit too much.
I basically had to close my eyes every time John have shot someone. A few minutes after the movie began, John is in a narrow hall full of antiques fighting an infinite amount of people and throwing antique knives. The scene is so kinetic that raise your adrenaline level and keep you holding your breath (quit difficult thing because on top of the ultra violence, the scene became darkly funny and force you to laugh). This is just one scene of the many action pieces this movie has. It is not the most spectacular but is going to blow your mind and body. Do not expect to find anything remotely close on a Marvel/Disney movie. This is really excellent action, play by real actors not the boring and (really bad) digital fights on the Avengers movies.
As much action and violence this movie has (which is more than all this year's movies combined) the script department was a bit disappointing. I was really expecting a little more development. I am glad anyway they leave it open for Chapters 4; but I comes faster than Chapter 3.
In terms of acting; Keanu, Ian McShane,Lance Reddick, Fishburne deliver their characters with great charisma and wit. Halle Berry is always excellent as an action star and I hope her character comes back. Marc Dacascos still has the moves but deserves a better written character. But the stunts and doubles are the best ; they really deserve Oscars even when their faces are rarely shown.
In brief; minimu story (which basically was the norm this year with most of the blockbusters), but extremely well crafted cinematography and action scenes with a bit of fun. I have watched the first two John Wick movies countless times and they are great. I saw John Wick 3 last night and it does not disappoint. I don't want to revile any spoilers, but get ready for non-stop action the first thirty minutes. Killing and fighting are brutal, more so than then the first two movies (and that's a good thing). You have to see this in a Dolby Atmos theater as the picture and sound were amazing. Most likely the best action movie, I'm sorry the BEST movie period. I saw Endgame and it was good, but this was so much more entertaining. Great ending as well. The movie is savage he easily kills over 100 people in this one. This is what an action movie should be!!!! Non stop action from start to finish with well choreographed action scenes. Im in awww of how beautifully brutal this movie is. Is every fight seen realistic? No but i dont care because its an action movie and not supposed to be completely believable. Please go see this movie!! I'm not sure of the kill count, but, uhm....it's a lot....the action scenes are unreal. Innovative as always with JW movies....excellent background stories added to this movie to get more in depth with JW. Be seeing you John I loved the movie, it is well worth the watch, however, the ending sucks. it just...ends, no revenge on the bad b!tch, no explanation on what's going to happen next. There's going to be a part 4? Enough is enough, I mean c'mon! Part 1 and 2 was better from the story point of view but this version beats all of them in non stop bad ass action. Extremely impressive fight scenes that will keep your eyes glued to the screen. What a roller coaster ride! This movie takes action scenes to another level. I like that the filming is often in one shot whithout clipping from one angle to another. This kind of filming also demands a lot from the actors/stuntmen. The action scenes are really well choreographed and it feels a little like a Jackie Chan movie in that sense. They are also just brutal and seems so realistic in someway.<br/><br/>When that is said the story isn't great but is isn't bad either. But this movie is more about the action scenes than the story.<br/><br/>The acting is great from all the actors in the movie. Halle Berry does a great job playing a strong woman and Keanu reeves plays the role of John Wick better than ever.<br/><br/>So if you like action movies you NEED to see this movie The first John Wick movie wasn't liked by some people who felt the premise was not intriguing "all that was because they killed a dog". The second one went a bit deeper into that trying to move things around, and now Parabelleum has built on the previous 2 movies in a way that it expands things and even makes way for a 4th movie.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 has got a good cast, good story and great scenes that would make you want to hit the rewind button in the cinema... oh yeah amazing fight scenes too<br/><br/>The movie brings to mind The Raid Redemption, and it certainly was great seeing the villains from the two Raid movies in this one.<br/><br/>If you thought John Wick 1&2 were good movies, then you'd certainly love this one I kinda love this movie
I've just watched this for 2-3 hours of non-stop killing spree and intense action
this'll never fail me twice
Great job for Mr. Reeves
you deserve a great dignity It would have been very easy to have just done more of the same when making this film. Yes there are elements which are a straight continuation from the first two films, but what impressed me is that the film didn't rely on them. There's new ideas here and they were well executed (pun intended).<br/><br/>Standard brawls and mini fights are a plenty but as I say the film didn't over rely on them. There was nothing goofy about these, they were quick, intense and they moved you swiftly through. The more showpiece fight scenes really do show off a higher level of choreography planning but also the actual execution of both audio and visual was immense.<br/><br/>Even the plot impressed me. I don't think anyone really watches John Wick films for the plot but in this one there is a bit more substance to it. At times it does catch you by surprise.<br/><br/>There are seldom trilogies that improve with each film and depending on how you feel about the first two, this might be one of them. So as far as John Wick goes, its a solid film, lots of amazing action, and great performances, especially from Halle Berry. Its been a long dam time but this was an awesome performance on her part.<br/><br/>The real letdown here is for all the amazing use of practical effects and wonderful action and choreography, the minimal and limited CGI used, was outrightly terrible.<br/><br/>Every gun shot had CGI blood splatter, and they looked terrible. If they had just used no blood splatters at all, that would have been even better. Some knife play scenes where the knife went into a person's body, looked super fake. The terrible CGI really took me out of the film.<br/><br/>There is a major climatic scene where John falls off of a very high building, Its obviously CGI, and terribly so.<br/><br/>For one of the few major scenes where a lot of CGI was used they could have made sure that one scene looked as good as possible.<br/><br/>But they didn't. No spoilers here. John Wick 3 is as you would expect jam packed with action, great scenes and even builds upon the world that we already know in a very, very good way.<br/><br/>The fight choreography is absolutely amazing and John is as usual utterly bad-ass, beautiful locations come into this chapter that we haven't seen in the previous two and there's a reasonably good level of over the top "wow" moments to the point of the audience literally laughing at how insane it is however...<br/><br/>...something was not quite right with this, I love that it is not what you expect and it hasn't fallen into the last Jedi or game of thrones trap or subversion yet there were, in my opinion, some severe issues with the third act of the film.<br/><br/>While I can agree that there is a serious amount of poetic license and suspension of belief required to enjoy the John Wick franchise it kept it to a level of agreeableness in the first 2 films, it gets somewhat outlandish and rather ridiculous unfortunately in this chapter.<br/><br/>Overall it's a good film, well worth seeing and the action is fantastic but the ending is to me very, very odd, the final fight sequence is not great (the first 30 minutes is by far the best part of the film) and some of the characters really don't quite hit the mark, especially, and unfortunately, Lawrence Fishburne as the Bowery King and Halle Berry as.... cant say due to spoilers.<br/><br/>It's the weakest one of the three but it's still good, enjoy the action, and enjoy the (majority of) the characters, at the end though I fear you will be a bit lost to it all, certainly not a great ending to what is otherwise the best action movie trilogy for a long, long time. Binged watched the three movies over the last week and just finished the 3rd. By far the best one for me. Non stop action from start to finish.<br/><br/>Is an easy watch to sit back with some funny parts aswell. Don't take the film to seriously and you will love it. The film began very exciting and the special effects are great, my only complaint would be that Wick gets repetitive, almost like you're watching a video game of someone just shooting people over and over again. The film starts with some creative kills then just totally gives up on them. It's interesting to see where the franchise is going, though. It's more stylish than most action films that's for sure. The fight scenes are awesome! Ot just so happens most of the movie contains fighting....that's what an action movie is all about! And I'm no dog lover, bit the dogs in this movie are the best I've ever seen. Loved it! Not sure what some reviewers are complaining about but I thought this movie was great and the best of the trilogy so far. Fans complaining about a lack of story or plot don't seem to realize there was never much plot in the first or second movie either. In fact there isn't much story or plot in many action movies including Taken or the James Bond franchise. I actually did not think the first John Wick was that great and would rate that a 6. Chapter 2 amped up the action so I enjoyed it more and rate that an 8 and this takes the action another notch so I give it a 9. Yes the action can get repetitive and mindless at times but the gun and knife fights have a gritty raw quality combined with good choreography that I didn't find it boring unlike the Michael Bay Transformers battle scenes with CGI overload. There are a lot of nameless villains that serve as fodder for John Wick to dispense with but there's also some great villain characters as well like sushi master Zero and the adjudicator which adds to the world building. The movie held my interest and there were enough twist and turns that I did not know how it would end. This is first and foremost an action movie so the story is secondary but that being said there's more story here than most James Bond movies which use the standard terrorist plot. The next chapter should be even better action wise. I can't believe how many people give this movie a bad rating. Such an action packed movie, no shaky camera, crisp movements and viewing angles. Don't believe the bad ratings, this is absolutely amazing. Her scenes with Keanu are what I enjoyed the most. But the screenplay, actually the action scene are 1/10! The movie is really great, the actions scenes are very good, and the story too.
But what is not good, when he wants to Sahara to talk with the boos, the time is too short.<br/><br/>But John wick a great movie in 2019! Yeah it's dumb, it's mindless, but it doesn't take itself too serious. You know that from the get-go. Just buckle up and enjoy the ride. Hardcore action to enjoy with some buddies and a beer. Solid 7. No one gets bored of headshots, right? If you've watched the first two of this trilogy, you should definitely expect something even more intense. I can't describe the feeling in words, but I must say, this is easily Top 10 for me. They couldn't have done it any better. However, to the critics-Yeah you can call it silly at certain points, but remember IT'S A MOVIE. I'm ready to sacrifice realism as long as I get entertained. I mean that's the point right:for the movie to be able to sell to the audience, the most ridiculous stunts and make it look cool at the same time. And not only did this movie do that, but it totally beat my expectations. Can't wait for the sequel, 2021 feels so far away One of the best of Keanu Reeves.Movie is suspenseful with each screenplay and action sequences.....Excited for the sequel!!! This movie has the best fight scenes that I've seen in a while. The storyline wasn't perfect but, the action and characters overcame what was lacking. If you were disappointed by John Wick Chapter 2 like I was, do your self a favor and give John Wick Chapter 3 a chance. You won't regret it. I was extremely disappointed that Halle Berry was chosen for this 3rd movie! we're there really no actresses available and was she simply allow walk into this movie as an automatic equal to John Wick after all he went through? Very sad! Just so good... I love Keanu he just... Mmmmm that final fight was so scrumptious... Im gonna miss that finger tho Baba Yaga is an old female witch, but in here john wick state as baba yaga who stand above all and sees everything through, and get into the underground overlords who got the 7 cuts Drinking a "fanta" is kind a funny to watch Loved the action and the movie's take on pets!
Keanu knows how to deliver good action films. I dont understand why some people rate this film so bad. The film is awesome, awesome actors, awesome director, cinematography and plot!!<br/><br/>It has been a while since I watched a film this good!<br/><br/>Well done John Wick: Parabellum is just perfect, I watched it streaming with a quality not bad and not at all disgusting. And I'm glad I watched it, because I've seen all the John Wick, and this one's my favorite. Long live Chad Stahelski.
Chad Stahelski is just having a great career, since I've been through all of John Wick, I should take my foot off the gas. John Wick: Parabellum is simply the action movie of the year, of 2019, it dethrone Avengers Endgame for my part, I mean I think it's much better, that's it.
Scenes.
John Wick: Parabellum invades the screen with action scenes, we take action scenes in the face, John Wick Parabellum puts us in full view, with his gunfight and his sequence of choreography, with its violence including the scene of Knives remains entertaining and very tenacious, the scene of horses with the big blows of extreme hoof in the guy's mouth, his satisfying motorcycle race with great action, the scene of the library where John Wick a giant with a book etc.
PERSONNAGES
After for the characters, it's bof, because there are some that are useless for my taste, the Chinese who is played by Mark Dacascos, the guy is just a fan of John Wick and I find his appearances useless, I find it not interesting. There's also the cwoer, where I don't hang on, because every time she appears, it's boring, the scenes with her are slow etc. After for the characters I love there's Sofia, a big talent edin in terms of combat, with her malinois too cute. John Wick who still survives but he can not fight well (because he's getting old), but it's getting less and less interesting for me. Winston the old man I still can't hold on to, Charon that I find a little more interesting Ssant in this opus because he fights and he serves a lot towards the end, I was telling myself that he is doing pretty well, John Wick and Charon is a sick duo. In addition there is Vivaldi's music from the four seasons in the scene where John Wick allies with Charon (I know it has nothing to do because I have to talk about the characters).
So here's my opinion on the characters ^^
NEGATIVE AND ILLOGICAL
And lately what bothers me in this film is that the guy who holds the white pigeon in his hand, gets sliced everywhere and we see him posay in his seat at the end. And lately it's that John Wick falls from hyper high, he takes the barrier hyper strong in his back and he stays alive. That's what bothered me. And then I was so scared for John, because if he died I would cry.
Well, I know my review is short, but I just wanted to show you my points that there are on this movie ^^
I can't wait for John Wick's blu-ray and steelbook to come out ^^
I ban the film at least 12 years with warning. The best movie out of the three, not because of the action, but because of the storyline. Everything about the movie is great now that we know the motives, background and the history of what is going on.
My advise is that you need to watch the two movies back to back to remember and understand what is going on.<br/><br/>The action in this movie it TOP NOTCH. The action is insane in this movie. Definitely way more than the previous two movies and way more than what I had expected. Just love it. This franchise has taken 'action' to a whole another level! Best Action Movie of 2019.
or
I can say one of the best action movies I have seen ever.<br/><br/>I had really very huge expectations from this film, because I love Keanu Reeves; I love him more as John Wick... and Chad Stahelski has done it once again.<br/><br/>From the library scene to Halle Berry and the dogs fight sequence (my favorite one) and the fight with the Japanese inside the Continental Hotel, every fight scene was brilliantly done.
Cinematography was amazingly beautiful. The street scenes were captured very beautifully. The desert scenes were amazing.<br/><br/>It was nice to see many tv actors like Asia Kate Dillon (Taylor Mason from Billions), Jerome Flynn (Bronn from Game of Thrones), Robin Lord Taylor (Penguin), Jason Mantzoukas (Adrian Pimento from Brooklyn Nine-Nine) and some others too.<br/><br/>My Favorite moment where John Wick's enemies tell him during fight that they are honored to fight with him.<br/><br/>Can't wait for the next chapter. Yeah I agree with you about the fact that you are not anyone else to be a great collaborative team-player and I am very Movie is Full of gun action , fight and karake.
Movie have lots of suspense.
Love john wick 😍 killing action It's amazing and treat to watch him,
Enjoy his work and passion The fighting scenes were noticeably slower than in the first 2 movies, otherwise, can't fault the movie for too much, it's still a well-made action movie. I just wish Part 4 is already out. Wow, Best Action Movie Ever from Start to Finish, this is just another Masterpiece in the Franchise 👌🏾 I was about to trash the ones trashin' this movie but whats the point.....if you like or love the JW franchise this third installment is a goldmine: watching it...specially at the end...its like running a marathon....your heart WILLL ask for a break. The movie in general is great.. But the fight scenes are way too fake and the guns in some scenes have infinity bullets? In these repetitive days of cinema, john wick resembles a ghost in a ghostly cinema. Keanu Reeves again amazes us with his sewed up acting in the movie. His hard work that he put into preparation to this series was surely payed off, in my opinion it is safe to say that Keanu is the best action actor in the world. Moreover John Wick is series that is realistic, very very improbable but yet realistic I love this aspect about this movie. And nothing else. The movie is just a long sequence of the main protagonist beating up guys and then killing them. There is no story whatsoever. So many guys get killed, that they had to have many killed in the same way, because they ran out of ideas on how to kill them.
If watching unfiltered violence for 2.5 hours on end is your thing, you will love this movie. Otherwise avoid it like the plague! This is an excellent balls out action film again.
Starts exactly where chapter 2 left of.
This film shows more of the ideology for the Underworld of this world.
John Wick even with him being an outsider Wick shows his ability to adapter and kill without access to the normal array of weapons he usually has available.
The death scenes are so realistic. A lot made my teeth jigger like finger nails down a chalk board.
This is way way way better than Chapter 2.
Shows how intune Wick is as an assassin.
Excellent.
However very disappointed in the end?
BETRAYAL.
Cannot wait for John Wick Chapter 4. Superb action movie that keeps getting better, unlike other flicks (e.g Taken, transporter, has fallen series, escape plan, and million others). Anyone who gave score less then 7 maybe should see Aladdin instead, this movie clearly not their cup of tea.. si vis pacem parabelum... Though it may contain common action film tropes, John Wick 3 shines brighter and especially crazier than any action film before it by providing a purely fun and violent adrenaline rush that is sure one entertaining ride. Keanu Reeves greatly embodies the character again, and the same for any actor returning their previous roles, as well as some new ones. The villain is somewhat underwhelming and is a bit odd to get behind, but it certainly doesn't take away from the enjoyment of the film, and certainly doesn't make it any less entertaining. The script is surprisingly well balanced, and each fight scene (of which there are a lot of) is mastefully coordinated as always and though some fight scenes may not be the best fight scenes necessarily, there has certainly never before been as many as this one has to offer. In the end, the film is fun, wildly entertaining, and awesome which is everything I wanted from the film and more. Here's to more possible and awesome sequels in the future.
My Rating: 9.5/10 Gonna keep this review short and sweet cause dont wanna spoil it for you!
John Wick returns a few minutes after chapter 2 to prepare himself for the fight of his life, with every assassin in the world after the 14 million bounty on his head!
The action will have you literally gasping, its relentless! Some of the greatest fight scenes ever filmed in a movie! Bravo to Keanu for his ability to learn guns and martial art training quickly, which is something I knew he loves doing in prep for a film. If you get an actor who loves the training, not just some actor who is contractually obliged to do a movie just for the pay cheque, you get this!....2 hrs of sheer joy and mayhem that will have fans begging for chapter 4 to come along asap!
Bravo!...I would take my hat off to you all involved in the making of this movie franchise, if it wasn't blown off my head while watching it!, along with my socks! Amazing movie!! This has to be one of the best action film series in a long time, however this probably slightly weaker than the previous instalments.<br/><br/>Each film exhibits its own style - Chapter 1 focuses very much on traditional 'gun-fighting'; Chapter 2 introduces the use of the Kevlar suit (a step away from realism but it works) whilst building on the weapons skills and drills; Chapter 3 again steps it up a level with a bigger focus on hand to hand/knife/sword skills and the very welcome addition of two awesome attack dogs. And a horse - don't forget the horse!<br/><br/>Overall, a welcome addition to the saga, if a little slower than Chapter 2, but it does add a tiny bit more back story to Mr Wick. Just remember: 'Guns... Lots of guns!' John Wick 3 delivers on the action part greatly throughout the whole movie. It is so well shot and and made that it feels real and Keanu Reeves is just plain awesome. He gives it his all in terms of a physical and character performance. He does great in the action as well as adding depth to the character of John Wick. Though in the movie we don't really know his motivation to do all this until almost the end of the movie. And it's a decent motivation, but not a great one. Halle berry's character Sofia was also really good and the dogs that she has are just so loyal and badass. That one fight scene with all the dogs had me cheering on the inside. The evil lady who is trying to take down John was just awful, but Zero is really funny and a really physical threat along with his gang of ninjas. Also can I just flat out state that I love Charon and the Bowery King. They are really charismatic in this movie and I love it so much. I also enjoyed Jerome Flynn's cameo because I've seen him in Game of Thrones and love him too. One other thing like I said earlier not only is the action so well shot it's so brutal and acted it doesn't even really need music in the background to make it entertaining. Although the action can sometimes drag on a bit long but overall it was really great. Also the ending sets up John Wick 4, with John and the Bowery King going up against the high table. I need that now!<br/><br/>
Overall this movie has really great Action, acting, stunt people, intensity, and just a bunch of actors I personally love who give it their all in the roles they play<br/><br/>Final rating: 9.2/10 John Wick launched a whole new franchise that is known for brutal violence, stylized fighting and consistent story of vengeance. I felt like John Wick 2 went heavy on story and missed the mark in some ways on some of the things that John Wick made so great but John Wick 3 brings it all back together. One fight after another, crazy stunts, brilliantly choreographed fighting ... it is exactly what you would expect coming to see this film. The reason why it's doing so well and getting the reviews it has been is because it fills expectations. You can't go into this knowing you're going to see a John Wick film and come out disappointed. It delivers in every way you can think of. Is it brilliant? No. It's really one fight after another with a very thin thread of a storyline that continues on from the first and second film and the entire character of Halle Berry seemed pointless to me and she also seemed to be just as immortal and unstoppable as John Wick is which makes no sense but in the end the film is a good time at the movies and delivers an exhilarating R-Rated experience. It throws back to the purposely violent films of the 80's while dabbling in this 1940's Detective/Gangster vibe while still keeping things completely fresh and stylistic. John Wick 3 will not disappoint fans of John Wick period. 8/10 John Wick 3 is the most insane action so far on 2019. I loved it so much. From the beginning you seat on your chair, You will "Wow" till the end. It's a masterpiece action. I had watch this movie 3x and I'll watch it again. Never miss the chance 😊. This movie will blow our mind by the action itself, by killing the enemy. SO, Badassssss!. You must watching this movie, Highly recomended !! No real story at all. All fighting scenes and the horse riding part was just dumb and a bunch of nonsense. About an hour into it I was ready to go. If every movie and show had action like this, the world would be a better place. It's still not the level of The Raid/Raid 2, but it's great and Keanu is the perfect actor for the job. Reminds me of the same feeling great violent video games give you. Suffering, yet resilient Keanu Reeves returns in "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" as retired assassin John Wick forced back into "the game" wreaking visually stunning havoc upon those, who seek the $14 million bounty on his body. Good luck. Rather, our condolences.<br/><br/>In the astounding fight scene early on, Keanu's John takes on several assassins in the most electrifying screen knife fights ever. Keanu trained for months for "Chapter 3". He's an accomplished martial artist. Director Chad Stahelski brilliantly orchestrates this mixed and classic martial arts mash up.<br/><br/>John and his deadly adversaries stab and hurl knives at each other, in close. John sweetly executes the classic Aikido wrist lock, "kotegaeshi", and hip throw, "koshinage", in flowing succession. The fight has spectacular elements of kali knife fighting, Brazilian Jujitsu, Muay Thai kickboxing, and other martial arts I don't know. At one point John hurls knives at his assailants like in carnival attraction booth. WTF, in an awesome sort of way.<br/><br/>I thought "John Wick: Chapter 2" was the best action movie of the last 10 years. Director Chad's "John Wick: Chapter 3" is greater. In the movie trailers: John takes on motorcycle Ninjas with guns and katanas. In "Chapter 3 - Parabellum" way more is greater. Parabellum literally means "prepare for war". "John Wick 3" is the breathtaking non-stop action thrill ride. Granted screenwriters Derek Kolstad, Shay Hatten, Chris Collins, and Marc Abrams's story is lean on words, yet their muscular narrative amazingly compels.<br/><br/>In Casablanca (yes, really), John reunites with the formidable woman from his past Sofia, played by beautiful badass Halle Berry, who owes her "blood marker" to John. She reminds, "Consequences." He too acknowledges, "Consequences." Yeah, John's vengeance is not just about bad guys killing his dog, the gift from his late wife Ellen, the love of his life.<br/><br/>"Chapter 3" resumes where "Chapter 2" left off. John killed Santino, the man who called upon John's own "blood marker" and betrayed him to gain a seat at the criminal cartel High Table. John's dear friend Winston, played by weary wise Ian McShane, Manager of the Hotel Continental - the cultural sanctuary for assassins, had warned Santino that John would kill him. Because "He came back for love." He came back for Ellen. Killing Santino, Winston declares John excommunicado - banished from the Kingdom, along with the $14 million price tag on his head. Winston grants John an hour grace period before 'it's on'.<br/><br/>In the aftermath, Winston experiences the measured wrath of the Adjudicator, played with malevolent cool by Asia Kale Dillon, representing the High Table. She wants John dead and wants Winston out for breaking the rules, letting John escape. The Adjudicator also seeks to exact her 'pound of flesh' from New York gang leader, the Brewery King, played by hilariously ostentatious Laurence Fishburne. The Adjudicator hires elite ninja Zero, whimsically played by world-class martial artist Mark Dacascos.<br/><br/>Mark is the invaluable upgrade from "Chapter 2". With all due respect to Ruby Rose's mute assassin, Mark's Zero is the imposing physical threat to John, as he thrashes John with series of spinning back kicks. Yet, "John Wick 3" retains a wicked sense of humor. Zero is fanboy of the "Boogie Man" John Wick. He confesses to John, "You do not disappoint." I laughed out loud at a couple fanboy jokes near the end.<br/><br/>Amidst the wry whimsy and bloody cinematic mosaic, "Parabellum" reveals a sense of gravitas, at least for me. In the Moroccan desert John finds his mentor The Elder, played by enigmatic Said Taghmaoul. We clue into what John really wants. Oh, yeah it's not about the dead puppy. In the surprising poignant narrative arc, Winston asks, "Who do you want to die as, Jonathan?" Maybe, deep down it's about love: The love lost, but not forgotten.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves is John Wick. I mean that in the best way. Keanu checks his emotions just beneath the surface. His John has suffered tremendously, yet fights with all his heart. Keanu's willingness to endure is endearing and honorable. He creates John as the tragic Hero we cheer for, to find peace, maybe even fall in love again.<br/><br/>Keanu's John is much like us, albeit sans the assassin acumen. We all know suffering. We all deserve our own measure of peace. This is not a spoiler: I look forward to seeing Keanu in "Chapter 4", because of that. In the meantime, "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" is one my very favorite movies of the year. Just saying. Must watch, best john wick series so far. Sampai jumpa. I strongly recommend it
I like it , and I would love to take my friend to see it again Absolutely one of the best movies I have seen in years. I love the John Wick series, but this one takes the cake. Amazing storyline, characters, and fight scenes. Everything went a it was thought after watching chapter 2 and assumed by the trailer nothing overdone or played loose instead everything was so rigidly represented that each and every sequence seemed so interesting and satisfying kudos to reeves for his committed hard work and effort behind perfection of his role....totally paid off and one thing which i missed in the movies was the song "keanu reeves" by "Logic" at the credits scene damn it would have been a bomb apart from it i loved the movie and yeah eagerly waiting for chapter 4 to find what happens to the high table and winston....damn! Amazing movie, Mr. Wick at his best, the dogs are very special, bring the war to the high table and let babayaga unleash is inner demon in John Wick 4. Mr. Wick must join the expendables and put in Denzel ' s the equalizer, Liam 's Bryan Mills and Gerard Butler' s Mike Banning in the mix, with John Woo or Chad directing it, and im there day one. But keanu reeves is a badass. "John Wick - Chapter 3 Parabellum" (2019 release; 125 min.) picks up right where John Wick 2 ended: Wick is a marked man, declared "excommunicado" by the High Table, and with a $14 million bounty on his head. As the movie opens, Wick is on his way to the New York Public Library to retrieve a couple of high value items that he hid in a book. At the stroke of 6 pm, the bounty hunt is declared open, and immediately attracts the attention of bounty hunters. An Asian gang is the first to track Wick down... At this point we are 10 min. into the movie but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.<br/><br/>Couple of comments: when you have a franchise on your hand following the unexpected mega-success of the first "John Wick", why mess with a winning formula? So not surprisingly director (and former stunt man himself) Chad Stahelski returns to bring us the third installment of the highly stylish, ultra-violent, and meticulously choreographed franchise. More is more, except when it comes to words, where less is more: "What do you need?" someone asks. "Guns, lots of guns" replies Wick, and that just about sums up the movie. Keanu Reeves could play Wick in his sleep probably. He certainly seems to be enjoying himself. Halle Berry's character has a 20-25 min. appearance in the movie, but Berry makes sure that every minutes counts. Anjelica Houston has an even smaller role, conducting ballet practices as danger comes her way (and only reinforcing the point that these fights are just like ballet). Laurence Fishburne makes a token appearance (maybe 5 min. of screen time in total). But none of this really matters. It's all abut John Wick doing what John Wick does best: hunting and fighting.<br/><br/>"John Wick - Chapter 3 Parrabellum" opened wide this weekend. The Saturday early evening screening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was sold out down to the very last seat, and the audience seemed to love the movie, laughing and hollering at all the right moments. Yes, I said laughing. You cannot take the movie at face value, nor was that the intent. Some of the scenes are so over the top, you can't help but laugh (while bodies are flying left and right). If you are a fan of the earlier John Wick movies, you know EXACTLY what to expect, and that is EXACTLY what the movie delivers. Of course I encourage you to check it out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion. John Wick 3 is THE pennicle experience of action movies! The first, and Chapter 2 was just a warm-up to the events set in motion in Part 3. From the moment the movie opens, to the time the credits roll, there is very little downtime. How Keanu Reeves is able to do things other action stars his age have to have stunt doubles for amazes me! Theres even a few twists and the lore of the world is expanded upon even more for good measure. If you are fans or are invested in the saga, GO SEE THIS MOVIE, as the horse and the knife fights alone are woth the price of admission, and that's just the first 30 minutes... Beautiful choreography action sequences, good story, Reeves's performance and stunning visual effects. John Wick Chapter 3 Parabellum still have what the fans of the franchise wants. I really enjoyed whole movie, I recommend to watch everyone who is fan of action. The movie is so awesome. Never has an action movie been so clean and clinical while being able to tidily follow up from predecessors. I cannot fault this film 10/10 PurÃ© action from beginning to the end! Thais move has a great sense of style and is at the top of my list for 2019. Wow! John Wick 3 is the best one action movie this year, the action scenes are great, so much fighting, killing, the background story finally makes sense, soundtrack is fantastic, acting is great, dogs are cute. Go watch it now you wont regret it!! Keanu Reeves did a stunning performance. The fights choreographed were mind blowing. Good sequel to follow up. Definitely a must watch movie for action-movie lovers! Just completely blown away by the epicness of the movie.
No words to describe it Novel storyline. This movie is way better than Avenger: Endgame. The John Wick series has grown into one my must see and chapter 3 does not disappoint. Keanu Reeves throws his weight into the role and this series shows little sign of fatigue, in fact it grows with each film. The combat scenes are what we are here for and I can only assume the next chapter will be another revenge film. A boy to watch and I hope they can maintain style and substance in the next film. Time will tell. Great movie and awesome sequel! John Wick 3 is what avengers end game wishes it was. Terrific cast and great storyline. If you liked the first two films then chapter 3 is a must, great action sequences, decent one liners and a surprise ending make for a very entertaining movie. Apakah masi berlanjut ke john wick 4 ?
-Sampai Jumpa- I will say I'm not a huge fan of movies that rely solely on action and that's all they have. John Wick was a refreshing take on the action genre, making it feel real with a deserving iconic character, 2 expanded on the story, visuals and the universe as well as the threats. Parabellum lives up to its name I knew I would enjoy this but man the very opening scenes to finished I was gripped in, very well acted clean fighting. The visuals were spectacular and this world was very well done. I loved every second of this movie. I enjoyed this alot more than any of the Avengers and probably any action movie I have ever seen. This movie was a guy puncher, it knows what it is and it is a badass work of art. Wick's movies are always great but I missed cars and didn't like the computer effects on blood splitting and some other scenes. Also the hole movie is all that fast shooting everywhere and Wick doesn't get hurt like in movie 1 and 2.. The guns are top level and he don't even get a missed shot near his arm?? On this one he's like Wolverine! Only at the end he is wasted, till then he is walking and fighting the biggest enemy fresh and fast, even though the bad guys saying he is slower by now.
On the other side the movie is fast and rich in locations not commonly seen. Yes it lacks in plot but i almost had a heart attack from all the action, all of which was amazingly shot and choreographed. Its amazingly fun, well directed, well acted, it expands the lore but it also doesn't take its self more seriously than it should... it's an almost perfect sequel! The only movie ive ever seen twice on cinema just because of how fun it is. Also... Keanu Reeves! Yup, its a solid 9/10 for achieving what it is trying to accomplish to the maximum, but it admittedly lacks a lot as far as plot is concerned. Some old ass computers.<br/><br/>Perhaps hide in the very hotel that banned you? Maybe inside the walls a la Matrix?<br/><br/>Quite a tip for the good doctor.<br/><br/>This is gonna be like that Jason Statham movie... Crank.<br/><br/>The knife alley fight would have made some good 3D tv.<br/><br/>These fight scenes are even better when you remember Keanu us Canadian.<br/><br/>Ow! That top skull knife hammer.... And now the slow detailed piercing.<br/><br/>John must train his legs at getting hit by black cars... Like Muay Thai shins against bamboo.<br/><br/>We're only 20 minutes in. I have to shut up and watch.<br/><br/>Now we're onto the Peaky Binders.<br/><br/>Vicious back kicks.<br/><br/>Someone has to land in hose manure.<br/><br/>That first motorcyclist got a rude treatment... Ok. Both of them got it.<br/><br/>Has he been lying there since John Wick 2?<br/><br/>Thanks for the car no-nuts.<br/><br/>Arm brake :)<br/><br/>What a creep... sitting so close. I enjoyed the comedy-action. The fight scenes are freaking hilarious! Everyone giving a low star review... must live boring lives. John wick doesn't only express what this man still has to suffer but how many amazing actions scenes we can take I grew up in an era of amazing, mind boggling movies. Not like the millennials that have it hard finding a good movie with solid actors and a great storyline with substance.<br/><br/>This movie is by far one of the best ever. Don't follow the reviewers that says it gets dull after a while.<br/><br/>John Wick is a classic now and is on par with a James Bond. I grew up on Bond films. The whole storyline was created in my country. If I had the choice to see John Wick vs James Bond.<br/><br/>My money is on John Wick.<br/><br/>Roll out Chapter 4 / 5 / 6. Screw the haters. I loved the first two John Wick films and was really excited to see this one...but jesus christ, did they ruin it with Halle Berry.<br/><br/>As with every new films these days, there has to be an enforced feminist angle which you have no choice but to get used to, but they wen't too far by basically adding the female version of John, only without any back story and Halle Berry was noooooowhere near the level of Keanu with choreography,<br/><br/>One particular long scene half-way through the movie just ruined it for me. They literally had the extra doing nothing for 5 seconds while she tried to reload her gun. Add that to the other slow motion fight sequences and lacklustre choreography. It was almost as bad as when they had to edit out the weapon that was clearly going to hit Rey in The Last Jedi.<br/><br/>The other reason I've given it 5 stars is because there comes a certain point where you have to either establish that it's a science fiction/fantasy film or dial down the unrealistic action. In particular:
<ul><li>No human being, not even John, can get up and fight after being slammed by a car</li><li>You can't just keep having extras walking up to within 5 yards of John when they could just stay where they are and shoot him</li><li>Having your head slammed against walls and glass windows multiple times is going to knock you unconscious and make you bleed</li></ul><br/><br/>The first two films certainly pushed the boundaries but there was at least a small element of realism.<br/><br/>I think this film is guilty of trying to outdo itself, but it only ends up undoing itself.<br/><br/>The locations, cinematography, and overall style to the film is top-notch though. It's a fun film and worth a watch despite its downfalls. This one expands on the John Wick lore and universe. Best movie of the year. The gun play is fantastic. On top of that two actors from the raid movies are here. Halle Berry was a great addition. Hoping that maybe Iko Ueais will be in the next one. Least we appear animals, much ado is made about rules in the slam-bang threequel "John Wick Chapter 3 - Parabellum," with Keanu Reeves reprising his role as the fearless gunman whose rampage arose after a gangster shot his puppy to death. This bullet-riddled, melodramatic trilogy about a vengeful retired hitman wronged by his former accomplices seems like the last place where anybody would abide by rules. The international underworld depicted in this second globe-trotting entry maintains an inflexible code of rules. For example, a prestigious Continental Hotel operates in virtually every country and serves as much as a safehouse for criminals as a mode of accommodation. Comparably, these Continentals resemble foreign embassies because each provides safe refuge for criminals. Specifically, Continental Hotels forbid gunplay on the premises between members of any crime families. Violating the sanctity of a Continental Hotel means immediate excommunication. Excommunication means you die. If you missed the first two "John Wick" shoot'em ups, you would be surprised by the magnitude of this criminal code. Director Chad Stahelski, who helmed the original "John Wick" as well as the sequel "John Wick: Chapter 2," spends more time on this code and its consequences. Marginally longer than the previous entries, the third outing makes room for an adjudicator. This imperious personage scrutinizes the facts, judges everybody implicated, and arbitrates an outcome. Nevertheless, despite these loquacious interludes, "John Wick 3" still delivers high-octane, adrenalin-laced action scenes with pugnacious adversaries. Halle Berry joins Keanu Reeves as a gun-toting dame with two vicious, crotch-munching canines. Fans of the earlier epics should be gratified considering the astronomical high body count, the acrobatic close-quarters combat choreography, and our charismatic hero's resilience. Of course, little of this aggressive, over-the-top actioneer qualifies as remotely plausible, but it makes for cathartic, larger-than-life entertainment!<br/><br/>"John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" opens during the final moments of "John Wick: Chapter 2." Our drenched but well-dressed hero and his faithful dog jog through the rainswept streets of Manhattan. Even the homeless know about John Wick's predicament. Pausing for a breather in an alley, Wick spots a homeless man (Jason Mantzoukas of "Neighbors") who taps his wristwatch and says: "Tick Tock!" Suspense rears its ugly head early as we are reminded repeatedly about the few remaining minutes until 6 PM when Wick's excommunication commences. Meantime, every greedy soul is drooling over the prospect of the $14 million 'open contract' payday on Wick's scalp. Our hero looks worried, too. Wick packs his dog off to the Continental via taxi, while he hoofs it to the New York Public Library. No, Keanu isn't on screen for every minute of this threequel's 130-minute running time. Those bespectacled, tattooed secretaries at the High Table Headquarters who type documents and slap ink stamps on them provide updates. The Underworld constitutes big business, with its own peculiar laws and its own watch-dog agencies. The high-brow Adjudicator (newcomer Asia Kate Dillon) marches into the fray. She takes names and levies penalties. John Wick isn't the only one with something to dread in this installment. The Adjudicator reprimands both Winston (Ian McShane of "Deadwood") and Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne of "The Matrix") for giving aid and comfort to John Wick. Remember, King gave John seven bullets and a pistol, while Winston gave him an hour to flee before loosening an army of executioners. The Adjudicator conscripts a nimble-fingered, sushi-chef/contract killer, Zero (world renowned Martial Artist Mark Dacascos of "Cradle 2 the Grave") to dispense punishment. Everything starts out without a hint about the rollercoaster ride ahead for audiences and some of the surprising narrative twists.<br/><br/>Not everybody is content to accommodate the deadline. No sooner has our hero arrived at the New York Public Library than a familiar adversary confronts him. This is the first glimpse of what lies ahead. A contract killer has staked out the stacks, and he dwarfs John Wick in both size and stature. Our hero disposes of this dastard with a thick book. Although he is still fond of the double-tap head shot, Wick doesn't always have pistol at hand to vanquish his enemies. His clash with a gang of chop-socky Asians turns into a blizzard of flying knives. Later, Wick proves he is every bit as dangerous with a hatchet. At one point, he hurls a hatchet halfway across a room, and the somersaulting blade sinks into an enemy's skull. Wick can sling knives with the best of them, too. Our hero shuns automobiles in favor of a horse. Some lighter moments occurs when Wick slaps a horse on the rump, and the animal whips a hind leg back like a catapult to deck an unsuspecting gunman. Wicks contends with several Asians on motorcycles bristling with traditional samurai Shinogi-Zukuri katanas. All these close-quarters combat scenes are staged with as little CGI as possible. The physical violence seems almost kinetic at times. Wick slams into his enemies, toppling them, and wrestling their weapons away from them. As impeccable as always, Wick emerges from each fracas without any damage to his suit.<br/><br/>Director Chad Stahelski and scenarists Derek Kolstad, Shay Hatten, Chris Collins, and Marc Abrams plunge even deeper into John Wick's shadowy origins. Wick appeals for help from an old friend, a ballet director (Anjelica Huston of "The Addams Family"), who knew him before he emigrated to America. Wicks' roots can be traced back to Eastern Europe. Happily, our hero crosses the Atlantic Ocean without incident and reaches the shores of Casablanca. Wick calls on Sofia (Halle Berry of "Die Another Day"), to honor a marker owed him, but she isn't happy to see him again. Nevertheless, she ushers him into the presence of a prominent member of the High Table to atone for his sins. Although she isn't in "John Wick 3" more than a quarter hour, Sofia and her two canine ice almost as many adversaries as our hero, and she makes an unforgettable impression. "John Wick 3" orchestrates even more outlandish escapades than its exhilarating predecessors. No amount of henchman can harm or kill JW - makes the storyline unbelievable. Otherwise good storyline, good action scenes and no doubt best choregraphed fight scenes ever filmed. "John Wick : Chapter 3 " should and will be noted as one of the best and definitely brilliant action movie ever made in the history of cinema. It is very rare and difficult for action films to be entertaining and intelligent at the same time - almost an impossible task ; John Wick 3 achieves this impossible task, and exceeds all the expectations that were set.<br/><br/>The main reason for the success of John Wick 3 is the great understanding between main actor Keanu Reeves and the director Chad Stahelski . This great actor-director duo /team must be remembered and noted as legendary ; just like other legendary actor-director combos such as Al Pacino-Francis Ford Coppola, Robert De Niro-Martin Scorsese, Christian Bale- Christopher Nolan and so on.<br/><br/>This movie delights action fans to the maximum satisfaction level - there is almost uninterrupted action throughout this movie. However, in doing so, the director has not compromised the story-telling and continuity. In fact, the story and John Wick's character deepen further. The viewers are provided with new information about John Wick. The director and writers have presented a brilliant character study in the form of John Wick (a.k.a. Boogeyman).<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves has once again given a great, dark, mesmerizing, and memorable performance as the super-assassin John Wick. He shines in every scene in this movie. This is the role, the character, and the performance that must be classified as Keanu's best work. Keanu has been successful in other action films / roles earlier - such as the honest officer in "Speed", Neo in " The Matrix" ; but the way he has played John Wick is simply outstanding. I love the way Keanu Reeves has given a dark, dangerous portrayal as John Wick for the third time. This is one movie franchise that has become better with each new entry in the franchise. I loved the first part, enjoyed the second chapter but the Parabellum is well below both. While starting with a quite fast pace it slows down after the first 30 minutes. Fighting scenes and dialogues are the major set back of this third chapter; very very unnatural fight choreography especially from Keanu. He is presented much more vulnerable physically, contradicting the concept of Baba Yaga and foundations of his character. The dogs scene and the motorcycle chase are flashy but lack substance, reminding me of poor martial arts Chinese movies. Going from bad to worse, the final fights are actually disgusting. Again a great movie turned into a franchise is not always a recipe for success. I just wanted to say that I realy liked chapters 1&2 and can't wait for chapter 3 Lots of action, and that can be a great thing, but after about an hour of it it gets a little old when there is nothing else to go with it. What little story there is gets lost in the action along with everything else. So if you're looking for an action movie you'll probably love it, if you're looking for anything else to go with it, you might want to wait for Netflix. Once again, it is NYC, 2014. And John Wick's hour-long grace is almost up. He uses that time to get his wounds from JW2 treated by a certain Chinatown doctor. Leading to a martial arts duel that literally pulls no punches!<br/><br/>And that's just the opening sequence.<br/><br/>What follows is a two-hour-long roller coaster ride with Keanu Reeves, as John, calling in old markers owed him so he can get himself smuggled to Morocco, North Africa, for an audience with The Elder. The mysterious Chairperson of the High Table. He wants to plead his case before the guy. But, again, he has to make a diabolical bargain in order to buy himself some time. And therein lies the motivation for all the violent chaos that follows.<br/><br/>In addition to all the regular characters returning from the first two movies, we also have new faces in the form of Angelica Huston (actress-daughter of legendary director John Huston) as someone who divulges another fascinating piece of John's pre-martial back story. Followed by Mark Dacascos, martial arts movie actor extraordinaire, as a sushi-restaurateur/ ninja leader. Emphasis on the slash!<br/><br/>This is why I can't wait for JW4. The writers for these first three films have proven well worth the money paid for their vivid imaginations. As they have delivered one great plot twist after another. For example: the High Table showing itself to be composed of power-hungry hypocrites no better than Santino D'Antonio. Were they grateful that John eliminated a potential threat to their sovereignty? Nope! All they're concerned with is that he broke the letter of their precious "rules."<br/><br/>Rules that apparently can never have _any_ exceptions allowed. And, for that, John and the Bowery King are going to make them pay. JOHN WICK : CHAPTER 3 - PARABELLUM (2019) *** 1/2
Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne, Mark Dacascos, Asia Kate Dillon, Lance Reddick, Tobias Segal, Anjelica Huston, Said Taghmaoui. Kick-ass continuation in the action franchise with laconic assassin-on-the run/dog lover Wick (Reeves having a helluva field day) facing immense odds on his life with practically EVERYONE out to kill him with a $14M bounty on his head. Proving that excessive violence never solved anything, the outrageous graphic violence is plentiful (um alert Guinness for record held in head shots alone!) and gleefully over the top absurd (a lethal fight has its victim reflect on just what a battle he's been in) and gainfully entertaining. Buckle up. (Dir : Chad Stahelski) Not any better than, and can not be recommended over, either of the first two. A number of audience members responded with laughter at the absurdity of the killing, as did I. However, at some point after the mid-point it became tiresome and nobody laughed anymore... it seemed we were waiting for it to end. The 10:15 am Fri the 17th show was mostly sold out. Yup, this movie does live up to the hype and yes there is whole lot of action. I see a lot of 1 star reviews on the base that it's too violent! I mean come on! This is an action flick! Thats what this movie is all about: mindless violence. One got to be pretty mindless to complain about that. People enjoy those movies because of those mindless gunfights so maybe watch something else or just eat some dirt. This one is the best,straightforward 2 hours of madness,SO much fun...<br/><br/>The actions,choreography are perfections,pretty sure one of the best i have seen in years.<br/><br/>Can't wait for the 4th one
If you want peace, prepare for war!!! 'Parabellum' more than makes up for what it lacks in depth, with stunning visuals and captivating action, as Keanu Reeves and the rest of the cast make yet another essential entry in this series. Simply put, if you're expecting some, at least, average quality plot in this, you better forget it. It's silly (not even minimally intelligent) action from beginning to the end, though very well executed and a wonderful work by the stunt team like the previous installments. There's so much action in the last act of the movie that I seriously got bored of it. There was no pause, no low time, I felt no impact or edging at all, and the hand to hand choreos were getting tiring and annoying by the minute.
At the very end of the movie, they just present us viewers with the most WTF moment of the trilogy, to the point of me, literally, facepalming myself.<br/><br/>I absolutely loved the first movie, and this one in my honest opinion was absolutely the worst of the three. It fills up every expectations you would possible have. It is giving a guarantee to be loyal to its own iconic janr. It gets better and better since the first one. Part 3 picks up where Part 2 left off. There are no flashbacks or recaps. Remember, this whole thing started when his puppy was killed. In part 2 they created a Dante's Inferno metaphor which they continued into Part 3 as John Wick continues his descent into hell. Having killed a man on consecrated ground, John is ex-communicated with a $14 bounty as everyone who is "under the Table" is out to kill him. John still has friends and markers for what they are worth...and a dog.<br/><br/>The is also an adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon), a cold-hearted woman who metes out punishment for those who aided John Wick after he violated the rule.<br/><br/>There is lots of killing and deadly Halle Berry. I will give away the ending...it leads into another film. What would have made the film more interesting is if they showed the bounty going up as the list of the dead increases.<br/><br/>There is a director walk-on and numerous nods to other films including "The Matrix."<br/><br/>Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity. After five minutes left the movie theater. This is not a movie, its is....i do not even know how to catalog this garbage. Make sure you are sure about this flick before you waste your money. This movie is non stop high octane action at its absolute finest. Dull? How could anyone say this movie is dull? The close combat action is simply the greatest in cinema history it is absolute mastery. Dull is the last word that I'd use to describe this movie. I'd like to know what action these negative reviewers actually like if they think the action in this movie is dull/boring. Non stop heart pumping action filmed impeccably. The story is light as the first two are, however since the first movie john wick 2 and now 3 have built upon the lightly established underworld and continue to delve deeper into the lore of this universe. The way that the films have progressed naturally and remained light on story while also expanding the lore is plain fantastic. Unrealistic? Yes, but that's like saying Star Wars is unrealistic because it has Light Sabers, of course there is no way that an underworld like this could exist in the real world, but it's not meant to be a representation of the real world! It's a movie, it's fantasy, if John Wick has to strictly be grounded in reality imagine how boring it'd be. Saying that it's unrealistic is purely ignorant as at this point Chad Stahelski has made it pretty clear it's not trying to be. Watch this movie at any opportunity you get, and the first two if you get the chance, all 3 are absolute masterclasses in action film making and belong all the way up there with the greatest action movies of all time like Terminator 2, The Dark Knight, The Matrix etc.
Absolutely a masterpiece! The film continues where the previous one stopped. It is announced that Wick will be out of favor within an hour and a drive hunt will begin against him. The Stahelski-Kolstad couple is already shaking this film out of their little finger. Continuing the myth of assassins, several things emerge from John's past. All of these form a unified mixture that gives the feeling that it is good to fight John, to see him again.
They attach to it all by saying that there are more venues than ever before, there are more opponents, but there are also a few helpers. Such is Sofia, played by Halle Berry, who is Wick's old companion who helps him with a certain matter. Halle Berry superbly brings in the retired, directorial assassin. His dogs also help with the action, in which I think the trainers played a big role. They complement each other fantastically, moving almost as one. Lawrence Fishburne returns as King to spit the Upper Circle specifically in front of him and swear against them for trying to oust him from the Throne. That, however, is impossible because he is the Throne himself.
There is also the appearance of Anjelica Houston, who played an important role in the training of the main character. Houston brings the dignified director attractively. There's also a mystique and mystery in it that just makes it even more interesting.
Then came Jerome Fynn... na, I expected him to bring something very surprising, cool, but I had to be disappointed. A simple piti little boss who selfishly cheats whoever he wants. Even the viewer.
What was still weird and a little worn out during the film was the protagonist's motivation. While he still had the motives in the first part, here he can no longer cover himself by doing what he does just for his wife and his dog. It would be better if the writers started something with this later.
There were so many problems only the others had been better worked out.
Ian McShane is still the lord of life and death, though he is more powerful than him. And this is the Upper Circle. This organization also contributes to strengthening the myth of the film.
What is even stronger in this work are still the action scenes. The equestrian-motor chase scene that took place at the beginning is a miracle in itself. It's so fast-paced and throws the movie that there's no better word for it. Cinematography also reinforces this. The action scenes shown near the party are well choreographed, I could kill you straight for the action scene in the grand total, they are so lousy. The point here is not to split the action scene to make it look more snappy, but the camera shows everything on one level and only moves by scanning.
We can't have a bad word for Keanu Reeves, that is for sure. This man is capable of anything but anything. He has now become one with John Wick, and together they are pushing the underworld criminal into the dust.
This piece perfectly continues Mr. Wick's story, with exciting new characters and familiar old ones, original storytelling, a slightly worn-out motivated but determined protagonist. We must definitely continue this intoxication to see how the fate of Baba Yaga is fulfilled. As an action fan in my humble opinion you won't be disappointed. The film never loses tension at any point and you can enjoy a lot of high quality action scenes accompanied by typical action movie humor. I really enjoy these John Wick movies! The fight and shooting scenes are amazing, and Keanu is great. This checks all the boxes of a great sit back and relax and just enjoy a top notch action flick. The people that are rating this movie low are the same ones that thought Black panther, Jordan Peele, Michael Moore, or Tyler Perry movies were amazingðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ The fight scenes were not impressive. It is no where near the Thriller and Exciting Film as is John Wick I. The one thing that was depressing was when I saw Holle Berry in this movie. She is not an Action Adventure actress!!!! Such an amazing movie with superbly executed action scenes. This movie is a pure joy for action movie buffs. And did someone noticed the beautifully created (and unique) background where all the action takes place.
I liked the first john wick, and found the second part a bit dull.
I was put off due to various negative comment posted for this movie. Finally I decided to give it a try and I am happy that I did. Don't be biased by the negative comments this movie has garnered. Some people look for greater meaning in the movie. Instead appreciate the action movies for what they offer. I could understand that people have their choices, but I would suggest to watch this movie if you are an action movie fan (especially the 80s/90s movie which have hand fight, knives and guns). The plot and character development are just right for an action movie. There are no twists and turns like in the first two installments, only the same old gunfights and hack and slash brawls. Nothing set it apart from any pulp action flick, nothing to take your breath away. With "Parabellum", they were so focused on world building with the third installment in this franchise - blatantly setting up a 4th movie & their 3rd consecutive sequel to the original - they inadvertently forgot to make this particular one interesting...<br/><br/>What began as a rather simple action movie has quickly descended in to a convoluted, pretentious mess which takes itself far too seriously.<br/><br/>In fact, disposable characters who are purely there to act as temporary opponents for the protagonist seem more enamoured with the infamy & the legend of "John Wick" than I am.<br/><br/>Hence, it's a film series which has developed a perceptibly dislikeable ego; self-congratulatory, impressed with its own misplaced sense of profound grandiosity when really... It's still the same as what it always was to begin with - a superficial, over stylised, over-choreographed blockbuster which sadly increases in its artificial "artfulness" with each contrived addition to the first. Welcome to Chapter 3..
The movie doesn't waste any time at all...just begins where the 2nd on stops...kill,kill,kill,kill but this time he is not avenging anything the kill count surpass the 1st two movies within the hour...crazy action...man I had forgotten how much I love Halle Berry..again...action lovers will have a Field day...just action...story we don't care...Reeves Rocks...we will be seein you Mr.Wick. John wick stands out in a crowd of overdone ,uninspired and boring action adventure films,<br/><br/>John wick shouldn't of been as good as it is but with some great acting and fun world building John wick makes for a fantastic movie. My main issue with most movies similar to John wick are that most of the fight scenes have to many cuts so you can barely see what's going on. John wick doesn't have this issue in any of its action scenes.<br/><br/>Every fight scene is fun, exciting and a massive thrill ride, there are also just the right amount of fight scenes so they don't fill like director just randomly threw some in with no thought or reason other than just to keep the viewer entertained, also each location that the fight scene is filmed in is very different from the last and that helps keep all the fight scenes fresh and exciting to watch.<br/><br/>The movie also does a great job establishing each character and there motivations, another reason why John wick as a character stands out is because of some brilliant acting from Keanu reeves. One of my issues is the plot, it feels like they really could of done something great with it but instead stuck with some generic revenge story, but something that stops this from being a glaring issue is that the films realises and makes sure that the story is easy to follow.<br/><br/>William Defoe is absolutely fantastic in this film and feels perfect for the role. There were a few characters that I didn't feel we're not necessary<br/><br/>
Overall this film has some fantastic world building, mostly great acting and brilliant fight scenes make this movie great watch. Average action sequences. Everything happens at night.But the redeeming factor is the acting of all concerned. And the story.The library sequence is genius almost. In the mood for this after binging Gangs of London.<br/><br/>Did 2 and 3 today - the perfect Sunday! The part 1 and 2 are too much exciting for me.. but the part 3 are not so well enough This movie is not for all. Full movie is hero shooting the villan. Boring to watch this shooting scene from part 1and 2 already. More of the same,from previous John Wick movies!
Dacasco's acting was laughable,at best!
Action scenes,were pretty average...more of the same I have seen previously..so,it's nothing special! Keanu Reeves returns for the third "John Wick" movie, with more incredible fights, good doggies, and general Keanu goodness.<br/><br/>The plot - which involves a 14 to 15 million dollar bounty on Wick's head - is merely a vehicle to watch Keanu battle various enemies using guns, knives, swords, and even his own belt, all the while wearing some sharp (if bloodied) suits.<br/><br/>While Laurence Fishburne, Ian McShane, Angelica Huston, and Halle Berry also appear, "John Wick 3" is two hours of Keanu kicking butt (watch out squeamish viewers, as there's plenty of blood) in pure escapist fun. At one point, Wick is kicked through numerous glass cabinets, which would finish off most people, but he keeps going.<br/><br/>The good news: there will be a fourth movie, which looks to be just as brilliant.<br/><br/>Sit back, turn your brain off, and enjoy. After watching first installment John Wick is getting better and bigger with the next movies we can watch those movies at any time no matter how many time you watched before I loved how much action this movie had and the action was great. But the plot was so weak and stupid. Movie had drastic moves plotwise, very bad movies. This movie has nothing good besides action, but the thing is with such great action it's really eye stabbing to see such a bad storyline. It lacks logic and is mostly stupid. In the end action wasn't enough, because it's all this movie has. It is a very action film in which duty is questioned above friendship and loyalty. John Wick is alone facing a fight because he broke the rules dictated by the High Table. He seeks for help in the friends he can trust while the Excommunicado order is effective. John puts his and his friends' lifes in danger trying to survive his search. Rules and consequences. Too long for the story itself. This film was enjoyable for me, not as good as the 1st movie. But miles better than the 2nd, here's why.<br/><br/>Acting:
Good performances as always. Interesting characters and feeling towards them. You dont feel overly attached to anyone but john, but it's still good.<br/><br/>Cinematography:
Special affects & cgi are really great like always, interesting and fun fight scenes and shoot outs. Aherm unlike the 2nd pile of garbage.<br/><br/>Story:
Okay now the story was fairly interesting and kept me watching. Very fun gun/fight scenes and it was overall an incredible improvement over the 2nd film. The 2nd film was all leading up to this one and it did just that. I did find some scenes a bit unrealistic or lame, like john having to walk across a desert and mysteriously gets found before his death.. yeah that was super lame. But overall a good plot.<br/><br/>Summary:
This is a huge improvement from john wick 2 which I absolutely hated. But not as good as john wick 1, which In itself is going to be quite iconic for a long time. I would suggest this film as its still got the flare the 1st one had, just a worse story which isnt too bad. The idea of a series of movies that tells a story very directly and in almost 'real time' events works really well + the colours and nonstop action are awesome. John Wick 3 knows how to build the franchise further into the world of John Wick. I love the intense action sequences, the performances, the shocking twist, and the finale, The gift of an action franchise that keeps on giving: Parabellum. Chapter 3 in the John Wick series and somehow the action manages to match and exceed its predecessors. Honestly impressed at the quality consistency throughout the 3 films, and very excited for the next chapter. Very good action thriller one of the best non stop action and very good action scenes Review:
After enjoying the first 2 movies in this franchise, I really didn't expect to see anything new in this film. How wrong was I! From Kung-Fu horses to angry fighting dogs, the director really pushed the bar with this third instalment, and he actually gave us an insight into the High Table, who put out a $14 million bounty on John Wick's head. There does become a point where the action feels a bit repetitive, but once the Adjudicator lays down the law, it becomes more interesting. Keanu Reeves puts in his usual, unemotional performance, which was perfect for this role, and the additional casting of Halle Berry, Ian McShane and Laurence Fishburne was a great touch, even though they weren't in the film for that long. In true Liam Neeson form, Keanu is proving that he can still kick butt at the age of 55, against the young assassins that attack him throughout the film, but the dodging of bullets and numerous stab wounds made it seem unrealistic. For such a low budget, I was amazed by the attention to detail, especially in the glass room which they built from scratch, and the dark and moody tone worked perfectly, in terms of the intensity throughout. The ending left the franchise open for numerous avenues for John Wick to take, now that he has joined forces with Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne), so I can't wait to see the 4th instalment. I also want to see if they bring back Halle Berry (Sofia), with her killer dogs, and I was left a bit confused about Winston (Ian McShane) who switched at the last moment. Anyway, I quite enjoyed this movie, even though the action did go a bit overboard in places, but it's what we have grown to expect from the lethal hitman, who just won't die. Enjoyable!<br/><br/>Round-Up:
This movie was directed by Chad Stahelski, who also brought you the previous movies in this franchise. It's rumoured that he will be directing the new Highlander, but the storyline hasn't been announced yet. I just hope they don't make a mess of it! With Chad doing most of the fight scenes in this movie, and Halle Berry breaking 3 ribs in rehearsal, the movie took longer to release, but the studio must be happy with the profit it made at the box office. A fourth instalment has been announced to be released in May 2021, even though it was only supposed to be a trilogy, but after it's success, the filmmakers wanted to continue to expand the universe in which the films take place.<br/><br/>Budget: $75million
Worldwide Gross: $327million<br/><br/>Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne, Mark Dacascos, Asia Kate Dillon, Lance Reddick, Tobias Segal, Anjelica Huston, Said Taghmaoui, Jerome Flynn, Randall Duk Kim, Margaret Daly, Robin Lord Taylor, Susan Blommaert, Jason Mantzoukas, Andrea Sooch and Sergio Delavicci. 7/10 Here we go again. If you watched it and Hated it then your a bit late to the party. It was exactly what I thought it would be, fighting, killing a bit stabbing here and shooting there. It was decent enough. The fighting was slow and too predictable. But I like the movie! After the events in the previous film protagonist John Wick has been declared excommunicado for killing a member of the 'High Table'. This means all other members of the organisation are forbidden from aiding him and there is a price on his head... $14,000,000! Luckily he has a couple of debts to call in so manages to get out of New York and into Casablanca. Here he sets about finding The Elder, the leader of the organisation to plea to be allowed to live. When he finds him he is told the price of his life will be high. Meanwhile an 'adjudicator' turns up in New York to punish Winston, the manager of the New York Continental, and the 'Bowery King' for helping John.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of full on action with only a relatively simple plot then the 'John Wick' films are just the thing. No time is wasted telling the viewer what happened before this film starts so I'd definitely recommend watching the previous two films first. If you do go into this without seeing the previous instalments you'll soon figure out that it is basically John Wick and a handful of friends versus everybody else. The action starts quickly and apart from a couple of pauses to advance the plot continues till the credits roll. The action is nicely varied with shooting, knife-fighting, sword-fighting and hand to hand combat... not to mention two attack dogs with a propensity for biting their owner's enemies in the groin! Keanu Reeves really impresses as our eponymous anti-hero and the rest of the cast is solid too. Special mention must be given to all the stuntmen; their characters may be nameless goons only in the film for a few seconds before getting dispatched but they make the viewer believe the over-the-top action. Overall I'd definitely recommend this to fans of action films; do be warned though if you are offended by on-screen violence you certainly won't like this. I can't wait for Chapter Four. The writers have done an amazing job of keeping the story and characters consistent. Some of the best action scenes I've ever seen. Again, a top notch Wick action movie that more than adds to the franchise. Yes, the plot is simple but you watch it for the action which is non stop and some of the best you will ever see. I gave Wick 1 eight stars, 2 10 stars and this one 9. The only reason I downgraded it a point was I felt they were trying to introduce to many unnecessary characters. There is a decent scene with Wick fighting with a Halle Berry character but I like Wick on his own, last man standing type thing. Her cameo was unnecessary. Looking forward already to number 4. Also I love his dog, end of. ...and also as a sequel to John Wick 2; where Wick 2's quality and expansion of lore was a welcome surprise, Wick 3 had a hard task to beat or match two excellent and different former entries in the franchise. Different, this film is, and while it didn't beat 1 and 2 in terms of wit, it has easily matched them.
The action is a buffet of very well edited, staged, choreographed and shot dances, it's a very cinematic and visceral artform.
I think it revels a little too much in the gore and bloodshed; close up on a peeled toenail and a slow knife in the eye is enough to take some of the joy out of all of it, and I absolutely got battle fatigue by the end seeing quite enough of a weary person get the snot kicked out of them for over two hours.
But the film is an acrid, acid trip of neon beauty, every frame licked by sumptuous design and popping colour, very well directed and excellent in HDR.
The notion of Wick and The Matrix being possibly connected is too much to bear; bolstered by the use of choice dialogue (guns, lots of guns) and shared actors (Morpheus and The Keymaker) and then compounded by the same 2021 release date.
It's all very excited. I can feel this franchise coming to an end or altering radically to rejuvenate, while still on a high, a very interesting proposition indeed. I don't care what any of these snobs say. Yes, the John Wick movies are pointless and brainless, but they are fun. An escape from all of the nonsense that saturates our everyday lives. In other words, what movies are supposed to be. The John Wick movies are fun, over-the-top action that is basically a choreographed ballet of violence and gore revolving around a man hellbent on revenge for the murder of his dog. Nobody is shoving their political agenda down my throat, just a trilogy of fun and great super action flicks and that is probably why these movies do so well at the box office. This is one of the best action films I've seen in recent years, I love the originality of this franchise and I could easily watch another 10 John Wick films with Mr Reeves beating the hell out of everyone. Must watch! Enjoyed the plot and the twists, not a lot to describe not to ruin it for future viewers, yet i must recommend it as it not only a classic "fight" movie. This film's story virtually makes no sense whatsoever, well, I suppose it does a bit, but not much. It doesn't matter as there is plenty of unbelievable yet still entertaining fighting scenes in-between the occasional dialogue that I think purported to be a story.<br/><br/>I thought John Wick 2 had dreamed up every possible way to snuff someone out, but no, John Wick 3 is even more ridiculous. He does it with style, he kills with horses, dogs and even on a motorbike. He's the bionic man, you can shoot him, push him off a building, stab him and he'll still kick your ass.<br/><br/>If you want to watch something without having to engage your braincells and gratuitous unbelievable violence is your dig, then this film will pass a couple hours. They tried to pile so much into one movie and its just overdone. The fight scenes were to rehearsed and you can see gaps in the fighting where Keanu takes a step to wait for the moment he is supposed to grab the guy. If at the Continentalhotel Keanu would have been using a 308 cartridge in his rifle then their is no bullet proof vest or clothing that would stop that from killing! The movie just seemed different from the first 2 in that they were trying to incorporate so many things dogs, horses and going to so many places it's too much. Stick to what got you here. Get whomever back that made the fight scenes fluid and it's not how many men can he kill but the smooth storyline and fighting scenes that make the first 2 movies hits! This adjudicator lady Asia Kate Dillon pretty much ruined this show for me. She's a terrible actress and villain. She isn't the least bit menacing or believable as any sort of bad ass. As soon as she opened her mouth it was ruined. She's just awful. Really wish they had cast someone else.
Anyway, this movie wasn't nearly as enjoyable as the first 2 installments but was still watchable as an action flick. Halle Berry's dogs may have been the best part. Third chapter finally pays its dues to the new wave of post-Raid Indonesian action flicks with a couple of welcome cameos, and Keanu Reeves maintains his charisma as the perpetually wounded, slightly limping middle-aged god of war, but overall the unrelenting and violence lost some of its bite this time around and the overarching mythology, while always tongue-in-cheek, is rapidly moving to self-parody. O
Plus I start being annoyed by the gun porn - the ridiculously sultry descriptions and depictions of firearms and ammunition feel juvenile. Narratively it feels like three episodes of a TV series packed into a feature (45' of setup/obstacle/resolution/cliffhanger). The franchise seems to have lost what looked like a good chance to do a Banshee-like deep dive into the action genre and come out on the other side as something different and more thought-provoking. Hopefully chapter four will have some more courage. The third movie in the series was OK, but it is starting to get stale. The 4th installment needs to be the last. Mainly because this movie doesn't have much of a story. It's just John Wick getting chased by the high table with a bounty of millions on his head. Lots of cool action scenes but some were just silly, particulary the stunts with him on the motorcycle killing the bad guys. Hallie Berry is laughable as the tough killer, should have got someone better. I liked the character of the Adjudicator, she had the perfect attitude. Eventually, Wick gets to meet the guy over the high table and he wants him to kill Winston. Wick agrees but upon meeting Winston again, changes his mind. So the Intercontinental loses its protection and we get a lot of gun and long sword fights at the end. You have to admit they are well choreigraphed.<br/><br/>FINAL VERDICT: Good for what it is, but they need to come up with a story if they are going to continue to make sequels. A little bit of story, a little bit of acting. About 2 hours of fighting. Excellent choreography. But don't watch it unless blood and ridiculously survived fighting is your thing. The first two John Wick movies I saw back-to-back. The first one was just good enough, and the second one was stylish, but on the average mark due to it's uneven pacing. They were fun-enough action films with a nice performance from Keanu Reeves and amazing fight choreography, however, and this one was getting some very rave reviews.<br/><br/>So I watched it when I had the chance, and I have to say: THIS is exactly what I've been wanting from a fight-heavy action film. THIS is what I was expecting from the first two but didn't quite get. This one however, improves on the flaws of both of it's prequels, with better fight choreography, better visual style, stronger emotion, a faster pace, and genuine, kinetic charisma. This flick is truly an adrenaline-fuelled thrill ride, with tons of energy packed into it, and is one of the most exciting movies I have ever seen in my whole life.<br/><br/>The story isn't great, or anything (until the end), and there aren't exactly many complexities being set up, and most of the scenes and the characters are just there with literally no purpose for the film except the action. But that's fine, because this film is just a showcase of visual grandeur and brilliant choreography. Which it is.<br/><br/>This movie romanticised action in a way I have not seen before, treating it as a beautiful art form. There are some scenes involving ballet in this movie, which really felt powerful in its contribution to ensuring fighting as an art. I don't know why. I liked it way more than I think was intended, as I did for the whole film. It felt so much more powerful, and so much more emotionally thrilling than the others- I really felt every hit in this film, and it really kept the adrenaline pumping, along with it's much more steady pace.<br/><br/>In fact, I was tempted to even give this movie a 4.5/5, but there were some very odd moments were the fights weren't as perfect as they could have been, which was really weird as everything else was. The very last, very dramatic fight scene at the end, for example should've finished with a series of dramatic close-ups, rather than finishing from a long shot, making it lack the power needed. Along with this, some scenes had fights in places filled with many objects scattered about, and it would have been great to see these objects used. Like I said, many scenes do this, but when one or two scenes don't- it just feels so unsatisfying.<br/><br/>But the film still works very well. It's a lot more dynamically bloodthirsty, a lot more beautiful and it works as a stylised neo-noir just as well as it works as an over-the-top action flick. The kinetic energy of the film is so well placed that even the fights create emotion, making it exactly what a John Wick film needs to be.<br/><br/>I mean, he kills a guy with a book, he rides a horse on the highway, and he uses a katana on a motorbike. And the he is the effortlessly charismatic Keanu Reeves. What more could you ask for?<br/><br/>CONCLUSION:
'John Wick: Chapter 3- Parabellum' does almost everything it should be, with beautiful direction and yet again outstanding fight choreography, making this one of the most exciting and dynamic films to date, even if it's at the cost of depth. So far the John Wick franchise has been consistently good. The main selling point is the action and none of them fail to deliver. However, I think it's time to put more focus on the story for the coming sequels.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum continues from the end of Chapter 2 where John Wick becomes the target of assassins all over the world after a $14 million bounty is put on his head.<br/><br/>Where this film succeeds is the action. There is a lot spread across the entire film, all of which are extremely well choreographed and shot. I loved how each action sequence was different from the rest. It managed to stop the action becoming tedious at any point. As soon as the film started there was this instant intensity and uncertainty regarding the fate of John Wick which kept me constantly invested in the film.<br/><br/>Like the second film, this movie also expands on the John Wick universe as we meet new characters from the likes of Halle Berry and Anjelica Huston. Both of which do an incredible job as their roles. We also see people from The Raid films and watching Keanu Reeves fight against them felt really exhilarating. Recurring actors like Ian McShane and Lance Riddick also create a good impression once again.<br/><br/>My main complaint since the second film was how weak and unbelievable the storyline felt. There were times where people would get killed in public and no one would react suggesting that everyone there were assassins which did not feel believable at all. There was also a moment which could have added a good amount of development to John Wick's character but it was not explored enough. Whilst the action was fun to watch, there were moments where I felt the assassins could have easily killed John Wick as they were overpowering him but chose not to.<br/><br/>Despite the weak plot, John Wick 3 is still a good installment in the franchise as it contains some of the best action I've ever seen in a film. It would better if they could build upon the story for the next film. I'm a fan of these films. They are gratuitous, 'reality skewing' and fun......in a violent kind of way!<br/><br/>If that sounds appealing, watch all three.<br/><br/>I have now seen all three JW films and I enjoyed the first the most. I did think that this third film wouldn't improve on what they have already done, but it appears that if you leave enough of a time gap between them, they are all a very entertaining watch. If I watched them back to back, I personally would fatigue quite quickly.<br/><br/>I feel that many reviewers here have highlighted some negatives that would look to shame other films, but in this case they are stating simply what the film is supposed to be. It's not a complex film, so it is not worth wanting it to be one. The narrative exists to drive the action to each scene/ set-piece. Simplicity. This said, you have to admire the high level of art and technical skill where it's due.<br/><br/>I'm sure that there is a wealth of creative 'gun fu' style movies out there that doesn't make JW stand out too much, but to me (a novice to the genre) these films have a place.<br/><br/>So there is potential in that another episode will be made and given enough of a gap, I'll be happy to watch it. I compare them always with 007, MI, and all those action flicks were the hero is untouchable. What I do like here is the story and the way it was edited. Just have a look, no shaky cams or fast edits at all just in your face on camera action.<br/><br/>On the other hand the use of martial arts adds it towards another level. Never one boring moment because it's all action and action. And all action is above mediocre. Worth picking up.<br/><br/>Gore 1/5
Nudity 0/5
Effects 2/5
Story 3,5/5
Comedy 0/5 John Wick is a series that gets better with each installment. Chapter 3 is a stirring marathon of crisp, over-the-top action that continues the story with rousing intrigue, maintaining an equal blend of style and substance. I wish Halle Berry was in it more, though. She kicked major booty when she was on-screen but then she just disappeared halfway through. My favorite entry of the series so far. Lush visuals, unbelievable fight choreography and robust performances. Keanu Reeves stars in his third iteration of many's favorite movie hitman, John Wick. It feels like a long time coming for this movie but the franchise picks up as if they never left us. The only person who left us in this series was Michael Nyqvist, who as signature villain in the first John Wick movie. There is a nice tribute to him in the credits after the movie.<br/><br/>But now it's time to take a shot at Baba Yaga.<br/><br/>YOU KNOW WHY YOU'RE WATCHING THIS MOVIE. John Wick does two things very well: kill assassins and get the mess beat out of him. In this movie, those are two of the three things worth watching. The third thing worth watching is Halle Berry and her canine bodyguards. We know what we are going to get from John in this movie but for about 10 minutes, Halle's bodyguards steal the movie. Halle did a really great job, surprisingly, looking natural with the fight choreography and gun play in the movie. Other than that, there are some good one liners that fans will understand from the first two movies. This movie has a strong beginning and I want to shout out my NBA fans. All I'll say is, "Boban!"<br/><br/>NOW for the main course... the bad parts. THIS MOVIE HAS VERY LITTLE PLOT, DIALOGUE AND PLOT DEVELOPMENT. That makes the 2-hr movie quite rough to get through, even when you don't expect much in the plot realm anyway. This movie is two hours of almost non-stop fighting, shooting and gruesome killing. That's better than watching Keanu struggle to run for 2 hours, in hindsight (i.e. Tom Cruise in any Mission Impossible movie). This movie is easily 30 minutes too long. Most of that 30 minutes is solid fight scenes; however, they use the same grappling and jiu-jitsu moves in every single sequence throughout the movie for Keanu, Halle and in the previous movies. Therefore, the fighting gets old, especially in this movie, which had a very strong first 45 minutes.<br/><br/>After that, they gave us a couple of laughs in this movie but they made the main villain and his lackeys too big of a joke. At first, the joke was funny but it wore out its welcome and they just kept hammering it home (similar to a Euron situation for my GoT fans). On top of that, the villains weren't even really trying to kill John towards the end, anyway. The director was like, "hey everyone just slap fight with John. We'll keep the tape rolling until we run out". It became hard to watch towards the end and I just wanted the movie to end. Not to mention, the other villain in the movie no one even tried to kill and you want her to die the most!<br/><br/>Long story short, if you are a John Wick series fan, you have to see this but I'd suggest getting the cheapest price possible. Maybe save your money for John Wick 4, which is certain to happen and in hopes of a better movie. For the general fan, watch the the first John Wick and then decide if you want to keep watching in a matinee or rent/stream capacity only in the months to come. This film essentially begins where its predecessor left off with the renowned assassin "John Wick" (Keanu Reeves) being hunted by every hit-man and bounty hunter in the world who are eager to collect a $14 million reward put out for his violating the sacred principle of killing someone at a Continental hotel. Additionally, the fact that this person was a high-ranking member of an elite council known as the High Table also adds to his predicament. In any case, alone and heavily out-manned and out-gunned, John Wick realizes that instead of being the hunter he has become the hunted and that in order to survive he will have to defy the heavy odds and kill everyone that comes against him-and that number is staggering. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that this was an entertaining movie for the most part but-unlike the two films before it-it lacked both character development and an in-depth and realistic plot. Likewise, I thought Halle Berry (as "Sofia") was badly miscast as well. Even so, while I don't believe this film was nearly as good as its predecessors, I thought it was still worth watching and for that reason I have rated it accordingly. Slightly above average. Another entry into the classy, suave and stylish world of assassin John Wick.<br/><br/>It's enjoyable getting to know the wider John Wick-verse, and this film does provide added depth to that end. My biggest complaint is that the story is just much of the same as the previous outings, but with greater danger, tougher bad guys, bigger and better weapons etc etc.<br/><br/>This is more of a direct sequel to John Wick 2, rather than a new story, similar to what the Wachowski's did with Matrix Reloaded and Matrix Revolutions. The way they have ended John Wick 3, there is definitely going to be a fourth, which has now been confirmed.<br/><br/>Whilst this film is a lot of fun and keeps you interested all the way through. I hope the fourth has a little more originality and if we're lucky, closure on John Wick...franchises can't keep going on forever without major adjustments. Fresh from his unauthorised killing In the 2nd instalment John now finds 14/15 million dollar price tag in his head and no protection like earlier films. He must avoid the hundreds of assassins on his tail whilst trying to find someone in power who can take the bounty off his head.
If you're after the same old John Wick then thats exactly what you'll get. Very similar to the second film in my opinion in that choreographed action is superb but the film lacks any sentiment or soul. The first JW was really good, lots of action and a good story.<br/><br/>JW 2 was a bit of cheesy Hollywood remake which was ok but a little silly.<br/><br/>So JW3 wasn't a movie I was desperate to see.i watched it tonight and thought it was actually pretty good. It's a bit like Commando or Cobra from the 80's where there are a ton of bad guys all getting demolished. The action is way over the top but actually quite good. It also gives it a charm which you don't get these days.<br/><br/>The story os solid but goes on far too long for me.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are generally good and the pace of the film is solid but it goes a little too far at the end.<br/><br/>Fun action film. Greetings from Lithuania.<br/><br/>As a pure action film, "John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum" (2019) is a 10/10 experience. But the story in here unfortunately does not hold up to the action. Surely it follows the storyline set in a first film, but that was some time already ago and they kinda need to start moving in some other direction with plot. That said, as an action film purely, "John Wick 3" is a blast. Fight scenes, action, choreography is a Hollywood at its best. This movie is also very brutal, like in a knife scene in museum - you won't see this kinda stuff in your average flick. But it is not a gore fest, thankfully.<br/><br/>Overall, "John Wick: Chapter 3" is a spectacular action movie that start to loose its steam a bit because of the story. I know its for a dog, not a simple dog but common. Seeing this series' movies close together has been an enjoyable trip. This one was my favorite by far. The most colorful of the series, almost garish. Heavy use of orange and blue.<br/><br/>I have to say the knife fight was one of my favorite action sequences of all time. However, there is one long fight scene featuring flickering green LED lights that I could not watch past the first few seconds. It gave me a headache and I felt like I was going to have a seizure even though I'm not prone to them.<br/><br/>This was the first movie in a long time I recall that had an actual opening credit sequence (that wasn't just text while the first scenes of the movie played out).<br/><br/>Looking forward to the next (and I expect final) chapter. I honestly wasn't as impressed by the previous two instalments of this franchise as most others seemed to have been. I absolutely loved some of the action in this film though ... the dog scenes alone were brilliantly put together. I don't watch Wick films expecting an amazing storyline so I won't take stars off for it. The one major blemish is the ending ... probably the worst end to any film I've ever seen.<br/><br/>The fight scenes were almost on a par with The Raid and Ong Bak in my opinion. Keanu makes it look easy. Is this is a film to change what you see on screen where people have an unlimited supply of rounds in their weapons. Never reloading? Il be happy. Yes reloading does add time to a scene, but he pulls it off flawlessly. Anybody that knows anything about any of the weapons in the film can relate. And don't bite my hand off. I am going to watch it again to count the number of mistakes I can find. Seven cuts she said Zero, Seven. You did six.
Maybe that's why you're called Zero, because it's the only number you have any concept of. Now with most assassins in new York hot on his tail john wick has no where to turn and no where is safe. John fights his way through a great bloodbath that still holds up as well as the other two and now with halle berry added to the cast as well as some new faces this third part in the series is an action filed fight to the end. Well deserving of a 9 *** WARNING, THIS MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS! ***<br/><br/>The John Wick series is a bit of a guilty pleasure; when you want a slightly "grudgy" revenge film with lots of violence, then this is one of those alternatives to drama-heavy films.<br/><br/>Chapter three however seems to be running out of steam, even though there is Nothing really wrong with it per se - it is by all means a very well produced product, appears almost flawless in it's execution, and delivers the goods properly. However, now in it's third outing, it seems to be somewhat lacking the frenetic/frantic nature of the first one, and a good portion of the sequel.<br/><br/>However the film does have it's fair share of great moments worthy of watching, if violence and such is of course your forte. The first one-on-one fight in the library ends in a shocking way (at least for me), and parts of stable sequence have great momentum. The John Wick versus two "ninjas" in a weapons depot is also quite memorable and also ends in a way which may be too graphic for some viewers.<br/><br/>I also give praise to have actor Mark Dacascos in the cast: now here's an actor we really don't see nearly enough of, even if he hams it up pretty thick in this film (probably not by his own volition, but a script requirement).<br/><br/>Of course I could not write my opinion on this film without mentionning the guard dogs in the middle section alongside Halle Berry's character. It is fascinating to witness these dogs in action, and equally so thinking about the actors and stunt people who were met with the brunt/blunt force of these dogs. Easily one of the film's high points, and even though I am not a dog person at all, I can appreciate the effort put in this whole sequence / sub-chapter of the film's story.<br/><br/>Performers are also quite equal to what we have come to expect of them from previous entries in the series. This isn't high art nor character studies and so most of the characters are there to move the story along, offer bumps along the way, and bring John Wick's character to the ending point... Which of course, like all "good" (...) Hollywood product again leaves the door open for possible sequels...<br/><br/>There is nothing wrong with John Wick part 3. It is reminicent of the "Fast And Furious" franchise in the sense that these films are made for a target audience and are in effect produced in such a way to appeal to that audience as best it can, without taking too many chances to deviate from the established formulae as to not antagonize those who don't want deviation from the standard.<br/><br/>However, as I mentioned earlier, at this point it seems to be becoming very repetitive and almost like an excuse to execute more stunts, gun work, and violence. Which is fine for those who enjoy this kind of movie, but in the end, it feels like we have already seen all this before in one shape or another in previously released films throughout the years.<br/><br/>I gave it a 7 out of ten for the dogs and stunt people, for some quite frankly shocking moments in the violence/fight scÃ¨nes, and of course for having Mark Dacascos and Angelica Houston in the cast. Maybe this should've been one of the greatest action movies if the storyline wasn't so cheap and brainless, the action sequences becomes repetitive after a while, ,some of the supporting characters are bad like Sofia and the rest are mediocres ,if you want to enjoy it you have to drop the smart analysis, It's still a nice experience in the big screen. Wow, it's almost all everything everyone wants from gun fight themed action movie: heart-pumping, non-stoppingly action sequences; breathtaking casts (see what I just did? he he he); great plot; satisfying ending (to prepare people for the next chapter); blood, blood and brutality everywhere with a little censorship  to get yourselves ready for the next breathtaking step taken by the man, the myth, the legend himself: The celebration of Keanu Reeves Day! I mean c'mon, John Wick chapter 4 and The Matrix 4 released on the same day with the god Keanu himself, with all his grace, as the lead actor in both? Count me in babe!<br/><br/>P.S. I just hope they don't change the release date for either movies just to avoid competition (I mean c'mon, put aside your greed for many for the fans just for this one) or/and change the lead actor of the fourth Matrix movie into some random black actor, for it would ruin all the hypes and make more people hate Hollywood even more. Plot-driven and palpable tension matched only by some of the most physical and well-choreographed action sequences you'll ever see. Had the thrill of seeing it in IMAX and on opening night with an audience who was cheering the whole way through. A total treat and a complete action film.<br/><br/>Re-review: It does feel like it's about 10-20 minutes longer than it needs to be, but when you have Keanu taking down ninjas with katanas on motorcycles, it doesn't really detract all that much. I just loved it. If you are a action movie lover you would love this movie. As the first 15 to 20 mins were just breathtaking action. Story was good. Action was best. Keanu reeves at his best. The twist was very unexpected but very nicely done by the writer and director. Hats off This film is what John Wick is all about, loads of action and brilliant fight scenes. This film introduces the High Table and sets everything up perfectly for John Wick 4. Yes there isn't a major storyline/plot but what were you expecting after the ending of John Wick 2! He's a super bad ass assassin being hunted by other assassins... Just sit back and enjoy the ride, I can't wait for the next instalment! This review contains spoilers.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is an action movie that premiered in 2019. The movie is a sequel to John Wick: Chapter 2 that premiered in 2017. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is directed by Chad Stahelski, produced by Basil Iwanyk, Erica Lee, and stars Keanu Reeves. The movie takes place immediately after the end of John Wick: Chapter 2 with John Wick being excommunicated and fleeing New York City.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is a great action movie. The movie has great action that characterizes the entire series. This movie does not let up for a single moment in the 131 minutes of running time. Of note, the movie has interesting set pieces that differ from those that were seen in the previous movies. This is great as the action still feel unique with John Wick resorting to other weapons besides firearms. Some of the highlights to the action include a stable fight, a motorcycle escape, and desert shootout.<br/><br/>The world of John Wick feels less fresh as it did in the past installments. The third installment in the series does not have any new surprises. The concepts that were introduced in John Wick: Chapter 2 are explored more here. Some of the new characters includes someone that owes John Wick a blood marker, the adjudicator, and the Elder of the High Table. These concepts are interesting to see play out but they are nothing new.<br/><br/>The interesting development is that the characters that were introduced in the previous chapter actually become important in this movie. The Bowery King introduced in the previous movie has a small arc in this movie and it sets up the next movie perfectly. I enjoyed how this was planned out with it beginning in John Wick: Chapter 2. The movie does awesomely in preserving the spirit of the characters and developing them further by the end. Winston, the owner of the Continental Hotel has an interesting choice at the end of the movie. This choice has me excited for the future of the series.<br/><br/>I highly recommend 'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum'.<br/><br/>Grade: A While the first two John Wick movies are really good, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum has action that is incredible satisfying to the max. I watched this movie back in August of this year and I was mind blown at what I saw. I had a feeling that it would improve and I was correct. It is definitely my favorite one in the series. I loved this movie so much that I bought the Blu-Ray of it the day after it came out.<br/><br/>This film is where John Wick is now the target of the world's most ruthless killers after he guns down a member of the High Table, which is an international assassin's guild. He is now fighting is way through the streets of New York as well as being stuck with a $14 million bounty.<br/><br/>This movie had a amazing plot. I liked it a lot more than the first 2 movies plots.<br/><br/>The acting was great. Keanu was at his best in this film, and I would say he was better in this film than he was in the first two. He had a lot of energy and personality in the last two movies, but here, he goes above and beyond and is a total bad.<br/><br/>The other actors did great as well. Halle Berry did great as Wick's sidekick, Sofia. Her and Reeves had good chemistry.<br/><br/>Like I said, the action was intense and spectacular. At times, the movie has a Kill Bill vibe to it because of the swords the characters get to use to battle each other.<br/><br/>SPOILERS BELOW THIS POINT!!! The one thing that shocked me the most was the ending. The ending is basically a cliffhanger. John Wick gets betrayed by Winston (played by Ian McShane) and gets brutally killed. He then wakes up with Bowery King (played by Laurence Fishburne) who got betrayed earlier in the movie. The movie ends with what seems like these two are going to team up for a John Wick 4.<br/><br/>At first, I thought this was going to be just going to end the John Wick series, but I was wrong. They will most likely end the series with the next one as Wick and King will team up to take down the High Table. I'm really excited for John Wick 4 which should be coming out in the summer of 2021.<br/><br/>All in all, I highly recommend John Wick 3. It was great and for over 2 hours, it is worth your time to go check this movie out.<br/><br/>This is definitely my 2nd favorite movie of 2019 (1st being "Avengers: Endgame") and it is one of the best action movies of the 2010's. The action scenes and fights were good loved the visuals and the moroccan scenes Just like any pervious John wick films, it's fun to watch and very well made stunt sequences This movie man! Sure the story is super convenient and sometimes doesn't make sense but forget it, Wick fights a guy using a horse. The way I see it, each movie in the franchise so far is getting worse and worse plot wise and stepping up the action everytime and this one is the perfect mix, great action and the story is serviceable enough to let it happen.<br/><br/>Still, wish it just wrapped up the Trilogy instead of ending on a cliffhanger implying they'll be 7 more of these thingsðŸ˜‚ The sequel was a disappointment but this was no let-down. Good special effects and stunts The action in this movie awesome. Cleanly shot and ruthless in it's delivery. I swear Keanu Reeves just gets better and better the older he gets, and that's an incredible feat to behold since a majority of actors lose their touch over the years. The thing about Keanu Reeves is he always seems to suit every movie he's in. He is the quiet and introverted type, and lets be honest he has never possessed the emotional range we all crave when it comes to great acting, but Keanu has found a way to bypass this with his cool chilled out personality and the ability to look as cool as possible with almost anything he does. The Matrix for example was a perfect casting choice for him with the introverted nature of the character of Neo who breaks out of his shell and becomes one of the coolest badass characters of the 90s, though I always wonder what it might have been like If Will Smith took the role in an alternate timeline, but that we will never know.......... or could we (Vsauce music plays)<br/><br/>Anyway, this movie was a blast from start to finish, and lets be honest. Will Smith could not have pulled of the sheer style of Keanu's choreography in this movie. Noone can play the character of John Wick better then Reeves..... Well maybe Chuck Norris, maybe<br/><br/>Anyway, this movie was a blast and was so expertly shot and directed with a cerebral and engaging story full of stunning sequences of kinetic combat that Wick fans have grown to love. This has to be thee most interesting action trilogy that emerged from 2010s cinema, like many things, it kind of just came out of nowhere slowly growing in it's prescence until it becomes so large that you can't ignore it anymore, and this trilogy sure did bring some first class action with it's own unique style and mode of execution, and then in a matter of a few years, it's over<br/><br/>It is sad that this is the last film in the franchise since I found myself really enjoying just exactly what these films had to offer. But the one thing I am certain about is that Reeves still has a lot of spark left in him, growing even better and more mature as time goes on. I'm feeling that even better films are coming around the corner for him as his career seems to be only ramping up from here More of the same and that's good.
It's been a fun ride and this is over the top but that's what it's about. It's got action in spades, it's got humor and all our favorite characters.
Yes it's long but you get more bullets for your money. What more could you want?
JW4 ðŸ˜‚ Unlike most movies with not explained titles, this explained it well, parabellum means war! Good topic. Reminds me of real life wars like religious and historic wars, world wars, genocides, and smaller wars, some lasting permanently. Very real, although negative. Graphic. Liked seeing old characters returning and being alive. Liked seeing that there will be even more sequels. High quality movie. Funny. Nice manners, topics, characters, twists. Funny how they present government and various bit unusual words such as excommunicado and dec...something. Nice touch of myths and old traditions. I like this movie series and think watch part 4 in future Picking up right where Chapter Two left off, John Wick (Keanu Reeves) finds himself on the run from an open contract hit registered by his friends at the High Table. I kind of like the whole idea of an elite organization keeping it's members in line with the threat of 'excommunicado', but there were many examples of the hierarchy reversing course and failing to follow through. Like the Adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) giving Winston (Ian McShane) and the Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne) seven days to vacate their base of operations. And how about The Elder (SaÃ¯d Taghmaoui) offering Wick a position back under the High table if he fulfilled a hit on Winston. The premise of maintaining a very strict standard of conduct for the elite assassin's guild was repeatedly undermined in the story line, and created a departure from Chapter Two.<br/><br/>As for the action, while at the same time I love it, have to admit that it gets so over the top that at times it becomes comical. Like the stable horses taking out Wick's assassins - priceless!! When Wick goes to Casablanca, it's the same old, same old after teaming with Halle Berry's character Sofia. With perfunctory breaks in the gun play to reload, the bullets keep flying and through it all, Wick and Sofia are practically invulnerable from the barrage of bullets flying their way, while the opposing body count mounts to triple digit proportions. It's so unrealistic that, as I say, you have to laugh after a while. Not to be outdone by Wick's fall from a high rise near the end of the story, smacking into fire escapes and plummeting to the pavement in as sure a way to die as any movie maker could come up with. And yet he survives! to set up the sequel that will be 'John Wick Four'.<br/><br/>Look, there's no way you can take any of this seriously, and I think this 'Parabellum' excursion really took the story line into fantasy land. But if you like this stuff, and I do, it can be an entertaining two hour diversion to vicariously live the assassin's life and come out unscathed. Physically that is, mentally I'm not so sure. Story plus fight gives us a good combo...great time watching this... As much as I love my Wick movies, they did something on here to bug me to death. With Berry's character Sofia, she had those two dogs. One of em gets shot and when they make their way out somehow a second dog like the other with the same bridle equipment on him shows up with the first dog and chews on their adversaries and obeys their commands. Where did that come from suddenly? Does the director think we don't see it? I bothered me throughout the rest of the scenes. That's not fair to the viewer. I ruins the movie. There are so many deaths, produced with curious methods. Obviously the combat sequences are beautiful. But the film complicates life with too many rules, the protagonist has no real goal nor a real enemy and when everyone is excommunicated, nobody thinks of killing the adjudicator. Do we reserve it for the fourth chapter? Obvious. Are we eager to see it? I do not think so... There is no plot. The entire movie is Wick going up and meet someone high in the circle, and goes again, another guy in the hierarchy. Goes to Egypt, meet up another big picture guy in the food chain...where is the script? The story telling is awful in this flick.
Although, the combate scenes are high level and well performed. You need to tell an adventure and expose some qualities and flaws, points of view throughout the characters.
When you undermine your villains it's really bad for the movie, inflation of the soldiers, you kill five sentinels without any trouble.
Expected more. Another sequence that blow up in the second movie and moves on! While not as strong as John Wick or John Wick 2, John Wick 3 expands the world previously created and offers plenty of high-adrenaline action. However, at times, it's almost too much action, as fight scenes are extended so long that they become strangely tedious. I also felt like Halle Berry's performance didn't quite fit in with the rest of the movie. Still, if you're looking for well-choreographed fight scenes with matching cinematography, this is a good choice. I can understand that, in theory, JOhn Wick has been doing all this killing and action in the span of but a few days...though I find that hard to believe with al lthe travel he performed.
Still...I was fairly looking forward to the film. BUt as many have pointed out, there was more cgi in this third installment. BUt also there too many pulled punches, kicks, and too many obvious added moves and reactions that seemed to be horrendously choreographed.
I may not be the greatest fighter or even close to it, but I still have eyes.
This film tried to do too much. Slowly the movies have kinda told the story of John Wick, piece by bloody piece and it would have seemed well done if not for the endless charade of back and forth contract to contract rescinded and same old gun battles. Dont get me wrong, there were some parts I enjoyed, and my imagination flared at the prospect of seeing ninjas or descendants of middle eastern assassins or whatever. But it was not to be, and was just a bit too hollow. BUt enjoy, its just a gun fest. Nothing more. 6/10 Yes the story isn't great, but the action scenes are great. I had never seen a John Wick movie before and it was ok. All moviemaker have their own special skills. And for these fight scenes i give 7 stars. In a matter of a trilogy with this blockbuster, we want mas. From one blood oath to the next, it appears the man, the myth, the legend might be on the verge of unretiring. Mr. Wick  keeps it very sharp with days of The Matrix (1999) with Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne) and Trinity Carrie-Anne Moss with the mix martial arts training. Really separates the wild-wild west 10 step showdown to an up close & personal methods of ass kicking. This is what we need to see as fans, the actors/ actresses putting in the man hours to maintain the Chevrolet & look tip top for big screen.<br/><br/>Once a pension seeking employee, he is now after what changed his life forever. What keeps him going is the reminder of his past which carries a burden few of us would like to acquire during any of his 24 hours of this tale. We get to see the great many hours of fight scene practice time come to life whilst the high table has created a foe instead of a life-long friend. Seems like the management side (Sofia) have a few things to say about the future of this living still breathing hall of famer. The edition of the go pro camera views a far becoming more common with action packed turmoil.<br/><br/>The last round of this flick ends up in a 21st century room filled with more than the best offered to end this relationship. Charon is the piece needed for the extra push Over The Top (1987) without the cut off t-shirt. Big shout out to Sylvester. During their escapade in Winston's Continental. This flank which much is appreciated when taking on such adversaries. After the endless amounts of numbers brought, it changes to a new series of events that have the "schedule makers" - Chris Berman - NFL primetime on their heels as the Bowery now has sum as well to say about it.<br/><br/><br/><br/>Jaime Garza Jr.<br/><br/>The Garza Car Club<br/><br/>Frida Cinema, Santa Ana - Orange County, CA I saw John Wick 1 and 2 and I loved them. They had an actual story line and had believable action. This was not true in John Wick 3. When the movie started, I was lost. I didn't remember how 2 ended and I couldn't understand why he was being made excommunicado. But, I went with it and hoped the answers would come. They didn't. Just a whole lot of killing.<br/><br/>Then, it seemed, that to make up for the lack of direction, the side characters, Halle Berry and Laurence Fishburne were thrown in to help save the jumbled mess. It didn't.<br/><br/>But the worst thing of the movie was the obvious rippoff of the classic, Bruce Lee's, Enter the Dragon, with it's ground breaking scene in the house of mirrors. I felt cheated. Yes, it is John Wick, and yes, he kills a lot of people, but... but, if you do make a Chapter 4, for the love of God, get the same people who made 1 and 2. Every last movie is getting a little nicer I think John Wick it was a great series It's going to be in the 4th movie, but I guess we don't see the 5th movie because the subject is over now he took revenge on someone, and there will be no one to take revenge. I like the 2nd film most in this series but it was good in this film. The most beautiful part of the film action scenes from many movies beautiful and fluent it was a little awful not to be in the movie as much as in the Halle berry trailer because the scenes she was involved in were very good.<br/><br/>As a result, I would like to see the 4th film, but I don't want to see the 5th film. The whole film is: Violence > Quiet Moment > Violence > Quiet Reflective Moment > Ultra Violence etc etc.<br/><br/>That's fine, but the section that REALLY made me howl with laughter (in a good way) was when Halle Berry unleashed her dogs in one of the 'battles' - those dogs were BRILLIANT and made the whole film even better than it already was. The title says it all. Plot wise this movie is much worse than the first two. But action wise it's the best thing I've ever seen. I LOVE LOVE LOVE THE ACTION IN THIS MOVIE. Comparing to the first two chapters this chapter lacks everything. 90% is action scenes which is really boring. The high organization (The Table) seemed like undetermined and weak, since they almost took back every decision they made because their situation changed from bad to worse. The moves in the action scenes are very repetitive, not well played and unrealistic, in many occasions it was John wick can be easily killed but the contender became suddenly too stupid to put a bullet in John head and preferred to punch him or pull a sword!!! The first chapter was simply great I hope they return to same quality of plot and action. I knew the BO is great and the actions are alot, but I couldn't just enjoy it.
However, I'm greatly glad Keanu Reeves are successful at this film. It's true that magic of John Wick has been lost that was created in the first movie. Fight scenes are good but sometimes they are so long that you get action scene fatigue. Also it is starting to become so unrealistic at times. Somehow it feels like it is trying to reenact the matrix where Neo is the one and nothing can kill him. The movie is at best "ok popcorn action". Turn off your brain, completely! But even then, the action isn't spectacular or gory enough to carry the entire movie on it's shoulders. The long, dragged out action scenes where the same repeated actions, shooting and moves happens over and over and over again is dull to say the least. It ends up feeling like filler, artificially extending the playtime of the movie beyond what's needed for this kind of movie.<br/><br/>The first movie in particular had at least some characters, development and story. It was by no means rich of story, but it had the basics. The 2nd one was lighter on story, and now the 3rd has almost abandoned it all. Just one dull action scene after another. The scenes would be more fun with more creative kills, gore and overall just shorter scenes so it's not repeated so much.<br/><br/>SPOILERS:
The whole plotline of him going to see the "elder", which was just some young dude hanging out in the desert of Morocco, only for him to return to NYC to drop the pledge he worked so hard to even get... just seemed pointless. When the credits started rolling with an obvious hint to the next movie, I rolled my eyes and almost thought it was a joke. I had hoped they could wrap up the story in this one. It really seems like they are only milking the cash cow with this one, since they seem to have run out of ideas of where to take this franchise and story. Many scenes are confusing, difficult to understand the story line, I cant understand why they mention he is going to Casablanca, Morocco when he is actually in Essaouira which is another city in Morocco !!!??? There's nothing more than weapon showcase movies. Action scene like 80s-90s movies. 'Comedy' should be one of tag for this movie. Endless fighting and chasing, skipping through or actions because I can predict the results: everyone dies except John Wick. After violating a law in The Continental Hotel, John Wick is now on the run for his life after a colossal $14 million bounty is put on his head. Assassins from all walks of life are trying their luck on the fortune.
The action is still over-the-top like with the two previous movies. Sound editing and cinematography are top-notch. New characters are introduced, though we need more room for them to be developed. Some gunfights are happening in broad daylight and too many hitmen are going after him. If the assassin world is supposed to be secret, why are the trained killers exposing themselves to the public? The final scene has made him a superhero, which somehow reminds us that no advanced technology or supernatural element is involved here. But still, the movie is cinematic adrenaline, so I give 9/10 stars. In Chapter 3, John Wick is starting to show signs of plot armor, and finally getting tiresome and cliched over how durable he is.<br/><br/>To be honest, the John Wick series has been great, excluding the last
fighting part of the movie, I even thought Chapter 3 was better than Chapters 1 and 2. The issue is that there is a lot of action, too much action, and some fighting scenes were overdrawn such that it becomes boring, especially during the fighting scenes with the Japanese guys.<br/><br/>The plot is kinda thin as well, luckily the execution is still amazing, save for the last part of the movie. Dogs are still the highlight of this series (lol).<br/><br/>In conclusion, still the same old John Wick, but with less comedy and less the "John Wick is a man of will.... " lengendary quote and more of senseless fighting. But all in all, still very entertaining most of the time. This is just so good! I have honestly never seen a movie of this caliber before. Keanu is brilliant as always, and Parabellum really tops of the trifecta that is the John Wick triology like a cherry on top of a marvelous vanilla icecream.<br/><br/>Set, camera work, lighting, sound and acting are all top class.<br/><br/>And the true up and coming star in this one is the exellent Asia Kate Dillon. One could be under the impression that the actor is merely a woman with short hair. But no, "they" (as is the correct pro-noun) is non-binary. A truly refreshing breeze in the otherwise gender-stale Hollywood.<br/><br/>Halle Berry doesn't look a day older than 50 thanks to her new, very tasteful I may ad, facial surgery.<br/><br/>This really is a no-brainer. Go see it!<br/><br/>Quentins new flick or The Joker really got nothing on this movie.<br/><br/>If Keanu Reeves doesn't earn an Oscar for his part the academy really has lost all their credability. I went into the film expecting something ordinary like the second movie, which I found simply that everyone just got shot, was t all that thrilling. This one had a lot more sophistication the the fight scenes, very enjoyable film. Worth seeing! I am in the minority of people who actually like Chapter 2 best. While entertaining, this 3rd installment is definitely getting weaker, both in terms of story and action ; even though they are trying to crank up the action to 11 it does feel less polished than in the first 2 movies. I found myself slightly bored mid-way through and am not necessarily looking forward to the 4th one at this point. Only actions are good... Otherwise movie is boring For action lovers, this is definitely a treat, not 1 single mistake. I felt a strong plot was missing There's not much to say than if you like the first two movies and love gun fights and knife fights, then this one is just for you Another great John Wick movie with great clean action. It reminded me why I love this franchise and why it is always fun to watch good action movie. Yes there were some meh moments where he could've been killed but that is normal for action movie. I missed this one in cinema but I'll definitely watch the next one in cinema. It has been so long that i watched the previous ones 1st and 2nd movie. Especially first one was quite balanced. Nevertheles chapter 3 is full of action scenes. They were all qualified parts but from one point, the action waves are getting same while watching them breathless. I wasnt sure about it while seeing the movie but sometimes i felt like this. Scenes are quite well and keanu reeves has satisfied me with his acting. I strongly believe that there will be 4th chapter it was obvious. Was a good movie until Halle Berry showed up as the new Invincible Superhero. Afterwards endless shootings without tension.<br/><br/>At the beginning it was one-sided to Wick's disadvantage, then one-sided to Wick's advantage. on Wick. Where should the tension arise?<br/><br/>After three parts it's also enough. potential wasted.<br/><br/>After Morocco the fast forward button will be your best friend. I think John Wick series has finally jumped the shark. Story was thin and action scenes overstayed their welcome. Middle of the movie could have easily been cut out and nothing would be amiss.<br/><br/>First two movies had a good balance of believable fights and story. This one is just pure action which starts fast and never lets down. CGI is I feel more obvious than in previous titles as well. So all in all, dumb fun but not even close to first two movies. It's just another mainstream movie, fully action packed with some great visual scenes....if you like popcorn and drink a Cola as you watching a cool and fun movie then this is for you..... otherwise you will not enjoy it that much... Just like me! This movie picks up right where the last one left off, with John on the run!
And with a running time of 2:10, I'd say there's about 1:55 of it showing John fight for his life! It's fun if you love fight scenes that go on and on, it's not so good if you like your movie to have a plot. The Continental is still a cool concept, and Ian McShane and Lance Reddick still rule in their roles at that establishment. The fact that almost everyone in NYC is now somehow connected to the place seems pretty far fetched. But again, if you like extended, fast-paced fight scenes, some with amazing dogs, this is your film. For me, I think 20 to 30 minutes of those fights could be edited out, and nothing would have been different. I just finished it, and I'm quite pleased with it. And this time, the pacing is much better. The other two felt slow, but not this one. It's just right. And the action is even better. The acting is great, the story great, and the characters are very likable. There's also some really nice music in this one. That's always a win.<br/><br/>7.8/10 (Good) An awesome action movie with creative kills. Plot was ok but the acting was brilliant John Wick was excellent. The sequel was very good. The three-quel is good and I am afraid for the next one. There is more action than the previous in each installment but also correspondingly less emotion, less story, less dialogue and as a result, the viewer feels less and less invested in the story. 7/10 Action action and action,it's fun to watch don't get me wrong but it gets boring after awhile for me and there is like zero storyline . The first two movies were better. Pls pls it's a Hollywood movie every freakin American movie tv series has a UK reject why this craze,they don't have so many us accent actors in UK they don want em ,why Americans have this addiction..but movie is good coz of actors from 1 and 2 well done
Asia with uk accent is a major flaw rest of the cast is great esp Keanu We see John Wick with a bright red blood stain kn his shirt. Blood from arterial bleeds are bright red but once exposed to air turn a dark red colour in minutes I told you Mr. Wick, sacred ground! You must pay for your foul behavior. I am John that will deliver more head shots you have ever seen! I thought it would be god, but it was really great. These movies have hit something the big brands like JB, 007, and the like is lacking. Authenticity, Keanu is killing it, pun intended :-) If you're into this movie hook this is amongst the highest in number of kills by an individual in movies even surpassing his previous films. Ballpark 152 (jointly by he & friends) with another 40 dispatched by his enemies (The Table?). Kills were sort of gross & dumb w/lots of heads stabs & shots. Got a bit tiresome & boring, if you can believe that, & almost humorous which is probably not healthy.
Negatives: Excessive grunting & other sound effects during martial arts actions. Fight scenes themselves were low quality compared to many Asian movie fight scenes. Many scenes not logical like while being chased he's in an armory w/many weapons yet fails to take any when he leaves. His friend Sofia goes into a warlord's house w/two dogs; one gets shot, but next scene she back to two dogs. While walking in an immense desert with a suit on he's doesn't remove his jacket to cover his head from the overwhelming Sun's heat.
Summing up: They left plenty of room for sequel 4, 5. Not using a current super hero idea, what type of super hero would Keanu be and how would he be helping the universe? As the number of sequels increase the originality and quality goes down. 2 hours of fighting fun to watch but lower your expectations. John Wick is the best movie action movie you get. Great choreography, the effects were just WOW! I've never seen a better action movie with so much adrenaline. John Wick is a series that leaves you breathless. With each successive series, you want more and more from that series. John Wick is a series you can't miss. I actually enjoy the story but I could watch this film with the sound off to music the fight choreography is crazy the first guy to die gets killed with a book and the scene with halle berry and the dogs is unreal the violence ballet continues and I can't wait for chapter 4 I have been waiting to watch this for a long time and was disappointed. The action scenes were brutal as usual but I felt like they were sloppily executed in terms of choreography and how much meaningless action scenes were added. A sign of a good action scene is if it gets you at the edge of your seat and shows you character/s. Some action scenes just had me so confused if this movie was actually a comedy action movie. I think I liked it better when the action scenes were rougher and more raw. Keanu Reeves still carries John Wick pretty well as a character but some of the fight scenes felt too pretentious. But there were still a lot of pretty cool scenes.<br/><br/>As for the plot, it wsn't as good as the previous two but I was okay with that. When the second movie ended, I had zero idea how they were going to go from there to the next movie. And I felt like they didn't have much idea either.<br/><br/>The first and second act was boring and confusing. The new characters were meh but the third act was okay. Even though this third film wasn't as great as I wanted a John Wick film to be or just a film to be, I'm still looking forward to the next movie and hope that it turns out great not like this. If anything, this film is a good setup for the next one. Admittedly, my least favorite of the three so far but not by much. It doesnt let down at all. Action sequences are still amazing. Love the series. The plot and action of the movie is good, but to much over the top SF, this is turning the "real world" movie location in to a Matrix kind of thing. This movie doesn't really expand or improve upon any of the previous entries in the franchise and has several overly-long fight scenes. Cool horse scene tho. Very good movie John wick is killing it again and again and again In 2014 a new action film franchise began that took theaters by storm. JOHN WICK featured Keanu Reeves in the title role as a hit man who comes out of retirement when a Russian mob boss's son kills his dog, a pet left to him by his recently deceased wife, and steals his car. In the world of movies this is an absolute no no. We learned about the world of hitmen in this film, their codes of honor and the secret locations around the world that are safe haven against any and all retribution. John arrives at The Continental and while there he is supposed to be safe. But all good plans as they say. In the end he extracted his revenge.<br/><br/>The second film taking place 4 days after the first finds Santino, a crime lord, who turns in his marker held by Wick. Once more he comes out of retirement but this time around he's being played. By the end of the film he's crossed the line killing the mob boss inside the Continental. This sets in motion a bounty placed on Wick's head at the end of the film for any and all willing to try and collect.<br/><br/>Which brings us to JOHN WICK 3: PARABELLUM just released this week. If you haven't seen the first two films don't take my descriptions of them to get you up to date. Buy them both. For movie fans it's a worthwhile investment. As with the last time around this movie picks up minutes after the ending of the last film. Wick is on the run and doing his best to remain alive as the hired killers from around the world are tracking him down to collect the $14 million bounty on his head. Wick turns to a woman who raised him known as the Director (Angelica Huston) to provide him aid which she does.<br/><br/>The secret organization that rules over all of these killers is called the High Table. The Adjudicator (Asia Kate Dillon) of the High Table arrives at the New York Continental and chastises the owner, Winston (Ian McShane) for allowing Santino to be killed on the premises. She gives him and the Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne) 7 days to get their affairs in order and give up their offices. She then hires a Japanese assassin known as Zero (Mark Dacascos) to take care of Wick.<br/><br/>In the meantime Wick has made his way to Casablanca where he seeks the aid of Sofia (Halle Berry), an old friend and the manager of the Casablanca Continental. Another marker is called in and she agrees to help him. After much carnage and more dead bodies than one can easily count, the pair head off to the desert to find the Elder, the highest ranking member of the High Table. To earn back his freedom Wick must agree to kill Winston, a man who helped him many times in the past, and to continue being a killer for hire the rest of his life.<br/><br/>There are several things you need to know about this franchise before going in. It is incredibly violent, the body counts are astronomical and they are tremendously fun. I know, that seems odd when you consider the number of people killed in these films. But they are pure escapism with enough story to hold your interest and enough action to have your palms sweating while watching.<br/><br/>More amazing than anything else is that each films just ups the ante and never lets go. Each movie moves at a full throttle pace and doesn't stop. When you begin to catch your breath in one scene the next begins and you're wondering just what will happen to those you already know will be little more than victims of Wick's revenge. Watching the films is like riding on a roller coaster that seems to always be cresting the top and dropping you down with little recovery time.<br/><br/>While this type of film is usually found only in low budget flicks that feature actors of lesser stature the Wick films feature actors that are still at the top of their game and work circles around the subject matter. In particular Reeves has taken a character we should dislike because of his previous occupation as a hired gun but we sympathize with him and his predicament due to the circumstances. He is the quintessential anti-hero of the decade and the boogey man one hopes to never meet. Fishburne is excellent here as well and it is great to see him alongside Reeves in both the second film as well as this one. The two made history with their starring in THE MATRIX films and do so again here. And McShane is so much fun to watch here adding just a touch of humor to the mix.<br/><br/>Don't think of this film as reality. It isn't, far from it. But it is one non-stop assault on the senses that will have you stunned at moments and reaching for the remote to back up and watch certain segments over again due to the speed at which they take place. Short of movies being made in China and Korea you will find few action films that move at this pace in both story and fight sequences. One spoiler alert. The film leaves it open for another Wick film. As for myself I can hardly wait until it arrives. The first movie was really good the second was not as good but still watchable WHY 3 sorry this is one movie too many I am thinking of attempting court action to get 2 hours of my life back. Reeves looks bored McShane is there to take the pay check Hallie Berry is the stand out character of the movie unfortunately she is not in it for very long. Story line is nonsense some of the set piece action scenes are over long and become boring. The most frustrating thing is at the end of the movie it is left wide open for chapter 4.
Hollywood needs to realise not every movie needs a sequel they are ruining a lot of good movies by adding unnecessary sequels. The movie is 90% fighting and 10% story telling. But the story is very simple, it could be summed it up in a few words. On the plus side, this plot is easy to understand.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are not that good. John Wick is slow, and the unimportant fighters usually fight in stupid ways, like not taking cover in a gun fight, not ambushing, or not ganging up on John Wick. And of course most of their shots miss him.<br/><br/>Don't know why they threw in Halle Berry. Her character could be played by an unknown actress and nothing would be lost. Actually I think an actress trained in martial arts or dancing would be even more fitting.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves' acting skill seems to have deteriorated. At times he seems to be reading the script out loud.<br/><br/>If you enjoy a lot of hand combat, this is an ok movie. If you want to see a story, watch something else. So I really don't get what is it about this movie that they want to kill dogs. Now in this movie Halle Berry is now going to be hunted like John because some powerful guy shot her dog and she shot him. This is getting too much of harming dogs. Also what made this movie action scenes better than other movies was because they looked real and probably because the director is a stuntman but Hollywood curse gets to everybody and now the fights are slow, slow enough to make a difference from the previous parts and in this one the moments when if they got guns John was certainly dead but they pull knifes were too obvious and the magic in the fights was gone for me. Maybe you guys won't see it like me. To conclude the movie is good not great, its worth the time but after few days or weeks you will forget about it. Enjoy! I loved John Wick, kinda liked John Wick 2 and am totally ambivalent about J W 3. Crappy plot, one dimensional characters, ludicrous action sequences all combine to provide a feast of tedium. Halle Berry's character's dogs are the best thing in the movie. It is 5 years since the first John Wick film - one that took me by surprise by how silly it was as a narrative, but yet how well it delivered action sequences. The second film was only 2 years ago, and it raised the stakes and went from a man seeking revenge on another group of people, into one where the world was filled with assassins, popping up from everywhere all the time. I remember ending that film feeling like it had gone too far but that the third would probably do more of that. True enough, Parabellum ("prepare for war") sees the whole world filled with assassins, and a huge administrative system around them - but yet the whole lot of them can't seem to cause John Wick too much trouble. As with the first film, this expands the world more than it can bear, and although it looks cool at times, the world makes no sense whatsoever and it hurts the film the more it relies on it (which it does as it expands it).<br/><br/>The simplicity of the first film is therefore gone, and the slick fun is hurt because it feels bloated in scale, and has to work to sell this unsellable world to the viewer. At its best though, the film doesn't concern itself with this and instead has nicely flowing sequences of well-choreographed violence that is well directed and performed. It is brutally violent but it is almost like a ballet to watch it. Having two cast members from The Raid films had the positive impact of having them, but there was a negative too because those films manage to deliver stakes and tension in the violence - something John Wick just doesn't manage to ever do. I enjoyed the flow and pace, but never got caught up in a fight in a way where it had me on the edge of the seat; contrast the fight with Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman, and the fights that the two are involved with in The Raid 1 and 2 respectively - their John Wick fight is enjoyable but their fights in The Raid movies had weight, danger, and risk.<br/><br/>The endless lack of consequence does make it hard to stay engaged with, and it needs it to be cool and slick so that we never connect it to the real world - but seeing people stabbed in a busy train station with people just walking by without reaction does make that hard, for example. It is still slick, quite enjoyable tosh, and very well put together in terms of fight sequences, but it does feel bloated and overlong, and could have done with a tighter world - although I guess they cannot put that back in the box after the second movie took it out. Enjoyable for what it is, but it has a lot of weaknesses that detract while watching. If you want to see a violent ballet, this is the right movie. Where Chapters 1 and 2 both felt like they were building towards something and did a great job of both slowly building the world John Wick inhabits, as slowly tearing down the man that is (or was) John Wick, Chapter 3 seems to ignore what was going on and just becomes generic good-looking action fodder.<br/><br/>Because Parabellum does look good and Reeves keeps going through the motions well enough, but with a plot that's all over the place and more full of holes than his victims, there's only so much Reeves and some of the extras can do.<br/><br/>In chapters 1 and 2 we were led to believe that Wick's sheer force of will and drive were what made him special. A Cassian came close in chapter 2, but ultimately didn't stand a chance, in spite of a history with Wick. But now we find ourselves in a world where many people appear to match his skill and New York alone appears overrun with assassins that are a match for Wick.<br/><br/>With the hero no longer being special, everybody and their dog in on the game, allegiances in the wind and Wick surviving as much through luck and whim as anything else, there are no stakes and Parabellum falls flat. Deeply unsatisfying. Good, but not as awesome as 1 & 2. Simply put, they tried too hard. Had some epic fights like the library and the knife fight in the antiquities shop, but the one with the twins in the glass room could have been great but started and ended really stupid. The head asian guy acting stupid in the continental was along the same vein. It's almost like they threw everything into this one movie but the kitchen sink. Also he wants to live to remember his wife but they didn't include any scenes to support that. It was like an afterthought. Some fight scenes were reminiscent of the matrix. This was definitely more about the fight and graphic colors which distracted from the storyline and plot. The storyline itself was pretty abundant too and got carried away. Everyone who saw him would be over the top, "it's an honor to meet you Mr. Wick!" Seriously and ridiculously exaggerated. Then tried to kill him. I'm seeing it for 2nd time time and it got a little more disappointing. Looks like they are setting up for a #4. Hope they make up for it then. 3rd Wick movie is a sad example about movie where director is visually talented but has no understanding what makes a good action movie good. Hint, great action movie is not about having only great action. People who don't read books should not be allowed to make movies, simple as that. Making John Wick to appear as a mentally challenged was interesting twist, but how can I feel sympathy or even remotely identify myself through hero? This movie series reminds me matrix trilogy first john wick movie is dope second is maybe not best of top but third almost getting there and i love it and anybody who not still watching yet this movie you better should hurry specially keanu fans 😁 Two words Hailey Berry. My favorite scene with the dogs. Perfectly choreographed! JW3 picks up right after JW2, where he has to fight an army of peers, being excommunicado. I was afraid it would be more of the same, but instead it was an enjoyable follow up that draws you right into it. What made it so effective and enjoyable is that it was a harder and faster version of the same with a touch of slapstick. Some people know perfectly when to hit the backside of a horse.<br/><br/>Didn't expect myself to say this, but I'm actually hoping for a 4th installment, because this franchise seems impossible to disappoint. John Wick movies are nice to watch until you get bored of the repetitive fights.
Colorful settings and simply written but interesting characters mixed together in an oversimplistic yet somehow interesting plot.<br/><br/>The main thing I will keep from this is the constant winks at the tandem Keanu Reeves - Laurence Fishburne. It goes without saying (or is it with?) that the 4th John Wick will be showing Keanu - Laurence alliance against everybody else. Kind of Neo - Morpheus re-united for all the fans of Matrix trilogy.
I suspect however, that JW4 will be more Matrix 4 than the upcoming Matrix itself ( I indeed discovered these great news after watching JW3). I have lost my trust to the Wachowski BroSisters, while the rumors bringing in M.B.Jordan at the expence of L.Fishburne can only make me lose my sleep I know the coreographies are cool, the movie is interesting, however I find quite hard to swallow the many instants in the movie when John's opponents are facing the bogey man killer, have him under the blade or at a clear shot sight, the chance to be acclaimed and earn 14~15 M cash, then just let him go or give him another chance... This "killer respect", admiration and stuff eventually reaches a point of over exageration. An old plain saying about murdery sais plain "if you want someone dead, kill him/her immediatelly, no chat/talking" ... I can understand that if you paid full price at a theatre it would be a bit of a let down. The first 20 minutes are terrible. But after that the story kicks in and the visuals are awesome.<br/><br/>Despite what others say there is an actual story in between the but kicking and it is descent enough to not slow down the movie. The only bad part was the women who played the adjudicator can't act. I hope they recast her with someone who deserves a good roll.<br/><br/>Don't give up on Wick yet. Just fast forward through the first 20 minutes and you will not regret watching it. I really enjoyed the first two movies with their simplistic plots and incredible action scenes that focused primarily on gun play. The third installment of this franchise stayed true to its simplistic plot and the scenes that focused on close quarters gun combat were outstanding as usual, but there was more of an emphasis on hand to hand combat this time around. Sometimes hand to hand combat movies are amazing if the choreography is done right (see the raid and the raid 2 for example). Yet in this movie you had professional martial-artists in the same frame as Keanu Reeves and the difference between them was very obvious. It didn't seem believable that John Wick could beat any of the other characters on screen in hand to hand combat. The reason he won those fights wasn't because he was more of a skilled fighter, he just has some pretty thick plot armor (more so than the first two movies). In the first two films you believed he could win any fight because of what was shown on screen and the prefect choreography, but in Parabellum the choreography was too sloppy and maybe Keanu is getting a little old for hand to hand action scenes. I like this movie.<br/><br/>Best line...
After she explained, "He shot my dog."
Wick said, "I get it."<br/><br/>Worst line...
King Fishburn: "Are you pissed off?"
Wick: (dramatic pause) "Yeah."<br/><br/>My favorite actors in this movie are...Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne, Lance Reddick, Jerome Flynn, Halle Berry, Keanu Reeves. Some people say Keanu's acting is bad, but watch Devil's Advocate. He can act.<br/><br/>In this movie, Keanu doesn't say much. That leaves us with Keanu Reeves famously-wooden face to act. And the movie at one point shows some self-awareness when a bad guy says, "I think Wick's getting slow."<br/><br/>At 55 years old, Keanu (pretty sure he did the fight scenes, maybe it was a double) didn't really pack the explosiveness you'd expect in the "boogeyman," the guy who killed a few hundred men in one sitting. Still enjoyable, but you're watching a 55 year old man fight off dozens trained fighters.<br/><br/>However, some of the acting...I cringed. Especially from the adjudicator (played by Asia Kate Dillon). When she says, "Kneel! ...and pledge your fealty!" it sounds like a scene from Stepbrothers where the two brothers are fantasy role-playing and putting overdrama in their voices; or like a middle school drama class rehearsal.<br/><br/>Who decided to put 95 lbs girl who looks and sounds like she could be 15 years old into the role of the "big boss" of all the big bosses (Winston, 76 years old, had been in charge of the Continental and a beacon of order and stability for over 40 years).<br/><br/>Yet here is this age 20 or 30 frail reed with a brittle voice (trying to force an ominous voice) command big bosses two or three times her age. It's almost less believable than the fight scenes. This is not the role for Asia.<br/><br/>About one third of the population are assassins. The other two thirds are regular people, except that they continue walking to the coffee shop, unflinchingly, when 2 or 3 guys get knifed to death in broad daylight a few feet away.<br/><br/>The fight scenes were over the top.
Sometimes to the point of absurdity.
But they were very creative.<br/><br/>For example, Halle Berry just now shot some knifeman in the head...actually, I think that's supposed to be a miss. Rewound it and she missed because knifeman dodged the bullet (turned his head quickly).<br/><br/>Then, after trying to shoot him in the head from six feet away (and missing), instead of shooting at knifeman again and probably hitting the target this time, SHE RUNS UP TOWARDS KNIFEMAN, jumps in the air, scissors her legs around his neck, twerks him down on the ground, then point blank shoots him in the head now that she's grappled him down.<br/><br/>That is an inefficient way to take care of a bad guy-especially when there are swarms of bad guys spawning from behind every wall running toward you (in this case, waiting for you to kill the bad guy you're with...the bad guys in this movie are polite that way, bad guys usually wait their turn).<br/><br/>I've never been in the military, but I'm pretty sure that when you have a gun with infinite ammo and you're fighting a knifeman, you DO NOT deliberately close the distance between you and knifeman.<br/><br/>My fighting method would be the following 3 steps:<br/><br/>1. Keep all knifemen beyond arms reach,
2. Shoot knifemen before they get near you.
3. Avoid charging towards a knifeman (especially when you have bullets).<br/><br/>Another problem is that sometimes John Wick and Halle Berry are surrounded, but that's because they stand in the center of a clearing, with bad guys all around. Would be wise to get against a wall so all threats are from one direction (a bad guy can't jump you from behind if your back is to a wall).<br/><br/>*Spoiler Alert*
The last word of the movie is, "Yeah."<br/><br/>Now you know the ending.<br/><br/>For what it's worth, I liked the last half of the movie better than the first half. Still worth watching, but seems like the franchise has finally run out of steam. There are so many fight scenes that they become tiresome, and they have quite a few amateurish opponents who juat seem too eager to be slaughtered. But the worst part is how the "good" guys survive after being diced like a tomato or being shot and falling from the top of a skyscraper. Come on now. And they even set up a fourth chapter! Please don't do it. Keanu, Lawrence, Ian, I beg you to stop. Just way too much body count. 1 person kills hundreds of people at a time, even a skinny girl is throwing away 4 times heavier guys than her like toys. The concept was great which means they could've made it a lot better if they would've focus more on suspense rather than just body count. They almost made a super hero movie like "The superman who can't fly". I would've been more impressed if the story was something like John Wick hides from the killers in most of the movie and finally he had to face them when they left him no place to hide. Then there would've been some action and blood shed but much less body count. This movie would've made sense at least if it was that way. There was no story being told. Just killings. I liked the story behind the previous ones. I hope they improve for the next one. I loved how Three started, right where we left off from 2. Knife fight was excellent, creative. Characters: George Muhreshan: Great! Didn't care for Arbitrator/Judge lady. Halle great. Dogs always great but didn't die? Reeves brilliant. GOT Bronn guy great. Horse stable fun. Sushi guy dumb idea making them fans of Wick and goofy, fights boring. Second motorcycle chase unrealistic, ok I guess. The Continental fight could all be deleted honestly. Ending fall was epic and the setup. I would have preferred 20 more minutes of revenge and wrapping up the series, getting redundant, not much else to do here but kill a bunch more guys. Not enough dialogue/setup, this one needed better writing. At times messy, sloppy, unclear, confusing, editing. Again started off really well then just fell off a cliff. Disappointed. 5/10 that harsh if I give the first two like 8's. Don't see the point of a 4th other than a money grab, that should have been 20-30 minutes of revenge. So much could have been edited out to make that work. At the first look to my headline you might be confused and you may say : what the fu*k is he want ! But sure i will explain what i'm traying to say .
First of all i will split the headline :
Incredible , perfect ! Yes actually it's ! If i will consider it as a one movie without any chapters before or without any previous movies related to this movie !! If it's a one movie i will say its perfect ! The fights , the moves , the killing scenes , espically the the shotguns scene .. it was legendary and finally .. the music was great and they played it at critical moments and before big moments ! ! Keanu's act and his accurate shots was unbelievable , i mean it seems he trained a lot to be at this level .<br/><br/>Now let me explain the second part of the headline :
Reverse the content of the previous two parts , there is no storyline !! NO any story in the movie ! It was just killing .. killing .. killing , action .. action .. action ! When i was watching the movie i asked myself until when ?? Until when they will stop the killing scenes or the action ? Unlimited ??
When we watched the 2 previous movies of john wick film series ! We are used to see a story in the movie ! In the first chapter john wick wanted to get revenge from the killers of his dog which was a gift from his wife andto get revenge from the theifs of his car !
In the chapter 2 of john wick .. john wick wanted to get revenge from santino d'antonio ! I mean still there has been a story ! But in chapter three for the god sake all i saw was just blood , guns , kills , i mean it was boring and repetitive ! Hope you will change the main idea in the movie when you produce ch.4 .. i hope to see at least some conversations in chapter 4 ðŸ˜…
Finally , most importantly .. find and create a story in chapter 4 I loved the stable action scenes, especially the opening scenes. Like the first installment, it was the unrealistic scene where the two bad guys finally gets the upper hand on the 'hero' and doesn't kill him. Even our hero tumbles, fumbles and mumbles from a high rise building and no cracked bones! The first movie had realism and this one just delivers a matrix-kung fu style.<br/><br/>Why can't anyone kill Keanu? Wait for Chapter 4! John Wick cannot die, even after been shot a couple of times, thrown off a building and hitting a balustrade hard on the way down. He then disappears to fight another day.<br/><br/>A movie with impossible fight scenes, more incredible than in chapter 2, makes a total mockery of film making. Just another game for computer game players without being in control. If you're not a gamer, forget about this movie. Simply not as good as the previous ones.... plus John Wick seems to have an unnatural fear of guns in this latest movie, because there are SEVERAL times in the movie when John is fight the bad guys, where he has the opportunity to pick up a gun, yet he doesn't, instead opting to fight the bad guys with his bare hands, or with melee weapons... it's irritating and also very unrealistic, as any logical person would ALWAYS opt to engage an enemy with a gun instead of a melee weapon, thus providing the highest chance of survival... it's still a good action movie, but not a great one due to the above point. The traffic scene with the horse notice that the cars are behind each post, who drives like that. They just turned the head light on to make it look like they're driving<br/><br/>The scene where he was being branded with a cross, his right shoulder wound is gone. This is the third chapter in a franchise that appears to be trying to justify its continuance vice tell a story. Chapter one was the beginning, where a character is taken out of his happy place by a random death combined with a reconnection to the seedy side of life he once was a part of. Chapter two was that seedy life selfishly forcing him back in against his will, culminating in the character destroying some of the self-serving laws of that evil society.<br/><br/>Chapter three was thought to be the culminating event, where the character has the seedy side declare war upon him, and he has to defeat the seedy sub-world.<br/><br/>Instead, the third chapter was a set up, a brief and altogether threadbare glimpse into the so-called "High Table," that orchestrates the rules of this underworld for its own selfish benefit. The movie title is the literal explanation for this third chapter, in that John Wick is merely preparing for war against the High Table.<br/><br/>We merely see Wick knock off a bunch of foot soldiers and a couple of underlings. A movie cannot justify its entire purpose with senseless violence, regardless of the production quality, and so the effort seems shallow.<br/><br/>Perhaps the fourth movie finally completes the quite obvious story. But, that story frankly could have been told in chapter three. Someone appears to have put commercial interests above the storytelling, and it would seem many fans walked away thinking they paid for half a loaf vice the whole thing.<br/><br/>Exposing the outfit known as the High Table, and having their evil world crash down upon them, would have been a dynamic and interesting story, but we only get a set up in this installment. One hopes the pressure to get on with that story dominates the agenda in chapter four. Unfortunately there's not much more other than action. Some fights are decent and they look like they probably took a lot of effort to practice, and the gun sequences are a bit more realistic since they include reloading and having to shoot the same guy multiple times, but in the end it's just an endless wave of idiots that get picked off 1 by 1 in a similar fashion, and gets dull quite fast (which is bad since those parts are long, specially the one in the desert).<br/><br/>Plus the plot armor feeling is real; no matter how tired John is or how badly he's hurt, he keeps going. Which I get it, that's kind of the point of him being John Wick, but it just doesn't feel realistic. As a lifelong fan of action movies, and one who would give the original John Wick a 9, I was very disappointed by the end of John Wick 3: Parabellum. No, scratch that - I was tired. My wife actually fell asleep on my lap. I was as exhausted as John Wick himself was supposed to be, having fought no less than four massive groups of assassins in seven days, killed them all, and come out of it all with only relatively minor injuries.<br/><br/>I guess what it came down to was that everyone was trying hard, and they were actually trying TOO hard, imho. Powerhouse actors like Keanu and Laurence Fishburn and Angelica Huston put an awful lot into making their characters more than just two-dimensional, while Ian McShane didn't quite phone it in, he just wasn't given much to work with.<br/><br/>This is the transitional movie, though. Where the first movie can easily stand alone on its own two feet, this is part two in a trilogy and has to give you all the exposition, all the fleshing-out of the world, all the history and backstory that everyone is apparently craving. But when every fight scene is seven or more minutes strung together and the bad guys with guns have worse aim than stormtroopers, it gets exhausting, and not in a good way.<br/><br/>You could easily cut this down to 90 minutes and not lose an ounce of the story and let us prepare for the action that John Wick 4 will bring us. But when you have too many "climactic" fights in a story that we all know doesn't end here, it's too much. When I write the review, its rating is 7.8, but it should be much lower. I don't want to repeat other reviewers, but just want to summarize that it has no plot, and non-stop killing. Sometimes, the scene is so dull though I think the director tried to make it as if it sounded funny. I found it to be just another john wick movie with the same action choreography from beginning to end. Nothing new or authentic. Really dont understand the sky high ratings Absolutely stunnig. True action without cgi effects. John wick is getting better & better. A different world with rules and no job security (unless your take termination literally ...) except for competence. Honour among Assassins is added to Honour among thieves in a top-down social structure that is refreshing from the current "safe space" snowflake world we live in. Sheer entertainment and a pleasure to watch. Mediocre entertainment. Good enough for a one-time watch. Don't understand why it takes more than a single fatal headshot to kill an individual, especially when out-numbered. Hopefully, Chapter 4 will be a lot more realistic. The first two were mediocre. Obviously these movies aren't about brilliant storytelling so the action has to be good. The first two had terribly clumsy action. Poorly choreographed, slow, and too much superfluous flailing by the stuntmen to make the fight scenes seem "busy". John Wick 3 finally has some quality scenes, with the horse chase, halle berry duo scene, and the hotel gun shootout being the most memorable ones. Halle Berry really killed it with her role. I love the john wick series but the action sciences do become dull and annoying even, especially when they double team in Casablanca and it feels like you're playing COD. more "bots" keep coming out because they are stationary and end up overkilling. I really enjoyed the first two movies in this series I got half of what should have been one movie. The overall feel of this instalment is to make more money and continue a so far successful franchise even if the cost and potential of what this movie could have been.<br/><br/>I will not go into lengths about how long and at times unrealistic the fight scenes were (it's all ready covered by others). I will note that perhaps the reason why John Wick does seem to be impervious too bullets is his bulletproof suit? But still, at the end of the movie it becomes a little ridiculous how unscathed he gets through it all.<br/><br/>My main problem with the plot of this movie is that it becomes painful obvious that what should have been one movie have been split into two. The ending in this one could have been a great plot twist midway in a potentially great instalment, instead the rest have min saved for what I guess know will be John Wick 4. Instead of filling the two hours with maybe more background story of the universe the movie is sett in, Wicks background or the tables organisation structure it's just fighting, fighters and more fighting. A missed opportunity to engage viewers but that's just my opinion. Don't get me wrong, the action and thrills are the reason I enjoy this franchise but it would have been nice too see a plot driven action movie instead of a fighting tournament with some plot sprinkled on top. I know, I know I started with the last movie. I watched John 1 and 2 later that night and they are all so much fun. About 6 months ago I saw a picture of the set of 'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' featuring Keanu Reeves on horseback shooting at motorcyclists. It was such a great looking shot that I have been waiting eagerly to see how it looked in the actual film ever since. It did not let me down. The style this film possesses is insane. It is one of the best looking action films I have ever seen.<br/><br/>The pacing of this film is also incredible. It starts the action immediately and almost never lets up. I can't wait to see what the death count was in this film because it will be truly enormous. The only problem is when the death count is that high the film can struggle to keep the originality up. After a while each death starts to look very similar to the last, and the 50 before that, and it can even become a little tedious to watch.<br/><br/>The only other flaw I came across with the film was that John Wick is on the defence too much. Instead of being angry and on the hunt like the first two films, for the majority of the Chapter 3 he is in survival mode. Still very fun to watch, but it isn't quite the same as seeing him take brutal revenge.<br/><br/>And the film is brutal. I could be wrong but I don't remember the first two entries in the series making me cringe in terms of violence as much. There were some very hard things to watch at times in this movie even for me, and I pride myself on handling those sorts of things fine most of the time. One of them early on got an audible gasp from the entire audience and I saw multiple people having to turn their heads to the side.<br/><br/>'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' is two hours of your life that will pass by very quickly. This is as non-stop action as films get. I think this is the third best action series currently producing movies (after 'James Bond' and 'Mission Impossible'). Will it get a third one? The first entry on the trivia page suggests no, however the end of this movie suggests yes? I guess we will have to wait to find out. For now enjoy the hell out of this one. I think no one action movie maked like this around 3 or 4 years in past. its jenuen movie about full of action thril and best fight moves. Very rare for a movie to get better with every sequel. Looking forward to chapter 4. Ok so I loved most of this thing but it could have been edited. The hand to hand combat scenes are simply awe inspiring. However when it gets into gunplay for 2 hours it becomes a bit tedious. The universe and John Wick mystique it's built was still compelling enough to keep me interested. The matrix trio of director, 2 actors hit it off again in this amazing trilogy. I gave it 8 only out of respect for the first two amazing films I consider Keanu reeves as the one who can do such perfect performance not everyone can do ,the point that made it perfect movie is john wick personality 'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' isn't as good as the first two 'Wick flicks', primarily due to its narrative. People often complain about the story of 'John Wick (2014)', citing that it is far too simple and just an afterthought to aid the action, but in my opinion it's very effective one that creates a great world and characters. Indeed, 'John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017)' continued this excellent world-building, crafting an engaging story in its own right as well. In its climax, it promised an non-stop, action-filled survival story for the third entry. Obviously, that would have been too much action and too little plot, so in this third film there is a great attempt to keep the narrative evolving throughout. Unfortunately, this can definitely be felt and for the first time in the series, it truly does feel like the story only exists to get John from A to B so that another action scene can take place. Therefore, the narrative doesn't feel as natural as in the other two and it's doing way less character work. Make no mistake though, while it's not as good as it's predecessors on the narrative front, it's still fully engaging throughout and you do care about the eponymous hero. This time around, it's just far more concerned about its action. Thankfully then, this is definitely the most action heavy of the three, and it fully delivers on that front. It's exhilarating and wonderfully inventive stuff, somehow managing to keep momentum up throughout every sequence. From books to horses, John makes use of just about every item you can think of in the wonderfully choreographed and performed fight sequences, which solidify the franchise as one of the absolute best Hollywood action series' of all time. With a fourth film already announced, however, I'm a little sceptical that they're going to be able to keep it up moving forward. It's going to be hard to top the action scenes in this one and, like I said, the story is already beginning to run its course. But whatever the future of the series holds, every entry so far has been excellent, with this one being no exception. You'd be hard pressed to find a better made, more exhilarating action flick in 2019 that's for sure. 8/10 This movie suprices every time! John continue the legacy, and keeps fighting for what he stands for. You got to respect that, or lay down!<br/><br/>John Wick, a true legend! <3 Me gusto mucho la película, empieza donde termina la anterior.
El detalle que no me gusto es la escena donde el pelado se sienta con la espada clavada en el pecho, debería de estar muerto, me pareció un poco exagerado.<br/><br/>Mas allá de eso, esta muy buena la película y estoy esperando la siguiente, aplausos para esta película. Full of gun shootout, basic fight, samurai style sword fight.<br/><br/>baba yaga is not done yet, waiting for john wick 4, because john wick's frustration is gonna terminate High Table. Surprised and delighted to see my beloved Commodore 64 back in action :) It's ok the movie but almost just fights, al the time, just fights, nothing else I was confused between 6 and 7, I chose 7 because the end was logical, even though I didn't wanted it to end like that.
3 stars less just because of Sofia, I hated the movie because of her, she was artificial and disgusting, and the action shots that she did were very poor and unconvincing at all. I really hated the movie and the whole series in those scenes, and I wanted to stop watching and put 1-2 stars, but I decided to continue because I love the series, and I hoped that this absurdity will end and Sofia will not appear again, and this is what happened, So thats why I put 7 stars at the end. Crazy great movie . Keanu Reeves is absolutely amazing! I loved The last Two Ones, This one not that much i just Felt that Something is missing, I was entertained but it felt like more of a run of the mill action flick instead of the badass movie that i would expect. The only memorable action scenes came from the dogs. They are great and skilled actors! The rest of the actions performed by the human actors are boring and repetitive.<br/><br/>I like JW1 but both of the sequels do not have the same charms that kept me engaged for the entire movie. Here's The Lowedown on "John Wick 3" (R - 2019 - Theater)<br/><br/>Lang: Eng
Genre: Action/Gun
My Score: 9.3<br/><br/>Cast=10 Acting=7 Plot=10 Ending=9 Story=7
Violent=10 Pace=10 F/X=10 Gun=10 Intense=10<br/><br/>Super-assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head.<br/><br/>"Under the circumstances your privileges are reinstated immediately, what do you need?" We all know what John needs...what I needed was a great third film and I got it! The cast just gets better and the fight scenes are on point. Halle Berry did well (love the dogs) and there is one of the best knife fights I have ever seen! When the credits rolled, I made two conclusions: 1. There will be a 4th movie 2. It was worth seeing on the big screen. John Wick style if you like fight and action you will be serve Play John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum! It is fast and easy to view! A good way to spend your time. Be the best! As good as usual!Delight to watch,as real hardcore action movie!Well done! THIS MOVIE WAS CRAZY!!! This movie is the definition of action. It was an amazing watch. John Wick is all but indestructible. But you probably know that already, even if you haven't seen any of the three instalments of Keanu Reeves's inimitable portrayal of this iconic pop culture figure. And "John Wick 4" is coming. You can bet on that.<br/><br/>People talk about the movie's gory violence, but if you are a fan of "Game of Thrones", you are probably immune to violence on screen. As to chopping off a finger to show repentance, it is as old as at least 1989, insofar as the Hollywood screen is concerned. You know what I mean if you have seen Michael Douglas's "Black Rain" (1989) which, among other things, features the Japanese underworld.<br/><br/>Therefore, I submit that JW3's violence is remarkable not because of its goriness, but because of its ingenuity. Let me give three examples just from the first three action sequences, which are merely preludes to a parade of an endless procession of superbly choregraphed action sequences.<br/><br/>Case 1: jamming a 2-inch book into a guy's mouth and pounding it in like what one does with a chisel. Case 2: crashing pane after pane of glass to use shards as if they were flying daggers. Case 3: punching a horse's belly with a hard fist to trigger hind kicks as lethal weapon. And, as I said, these are just prelude.<br/><br/>Briefly, on plotline, the story continues from the two prior instalments, with Wick now a fugitive from the High Table (an organization not unlike The League of Assassins, if you are a follower of the TV series "Arrow") that designates him "excommunicado", with a 14 million dollar contract out on him. Starting from the Continental Hotel in Manhattan, his journey via Casablanca and the Sahara comes full circle, back to the hotel where the grand finale set piece unfolds. Along the way he receives help from people who are powerful enough to take a risk, but not enough to avoid punishment dealt out by the High Table as appropriate. Some of these scenes are bloody funny, in both the idiomatic and literal senses.<br/><br/>In addition to the action which should satisfy the franchise fans, there are some interesting characters, both returning and new ones. Ian McShane and Lance Reddick reprise their roles of manager and right-hand man of The Continental. Laurence Fishburne is again the Bowery King. These three will definitely team up with Wick in "chapter 4" in a showdown with the High Table. I am particularly happy to see Anjelica Huston in an almost cameo role here. Among her countless films, the one I remember most is "The Dead" (1987), an excellent rendition of a singularly moving short story in James Joyce's "Dubliners". Amazing film, watched so many action movies for 80s. One of the "the" best movie. What a Master piece. One of its own kind. Revees has put everything in it and take it to the next level. out of this universe! I dont think there is something new in that movie.Its the same hypothesis like the other movies of john wick.There is not much difference in that movie and there not a big change on the characters.I think that one have more action than the previous ones and its good for me.For me at least,the final gun fight was the best part of the movie.Generally is a classic john wick that we all viewers of john wick know. Baba yaga is back but the action is way too over the top and at times repetitive. Plus some of the rules of the organization remind me of board games (tokens & coins) & then hide & seek (oh I touched the staircase so you can't kill me).<br/><br/>Having said the movie is very entertaining & stunts are outstanding!! Great to see Keanu Reeves on the big screen. While the second part left me disappointed the third part of this universum did right what was wrong and I am glad it did, it was intense and well shot, can't wait for this to continue! In this movie fighting scenes were seems more real & Intense. but how can John wick survive again & again without any special fighting skills. He couldn't even walk or run, he was too slow to fight against those chinese. I think it was unreal, typical and predictable movie as hero will survive against all the odds whether he is capable or not but he will win. Happy Ending<br/><br/>Sorry thats not my standard, its not 1970's its 2019 you need to be more real and practical. 07/ 10 John Wick 3 picks ups straight after the events of Chapter 2. Wick (Keanu Reeves) has broken the rules and is now hunted by the whole underground world of assassins. To earn back his right to exist, he must resort to drastic measures.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is once again a really good action film. All the fight scenes and shootouts are filmed with very little shakycam, most often as a wide shot, allowing you to see the movement and choreography of the fight evolve in front of your eyes. It's suitably brutal to please even the most hardcore fans, yet there's almost poetry to it as a whole.<br/><br/>That being said, I didn't find the fight scenes to be quite on par with the previous films. There was simply something missing, something tiny and hard to measure. Perhaps it's the fact that John was almost always getting beaten up. Which makes sense, the two previous films would pound anyone into dirt, but the fact still remains that it's not quite as pleasing to watch when your protagonist is constantly at the end of his rope. Sometimes that's exactly what the scene needs, but if the whole film is like that, it quickly becomes exhausting.<br/><br/>I also really didn't like the world building in this one. Too much too quickly, without any clear purpose or direction. The two previous films hinted and alluded to this world of assassins, where even the most bloodthirsty killer had to operate by the rules. It was suave, it was slick and it was undoubtedly cool. But, it was never completely explained. This movie sets out to hammer out those rules and the underlying structure of the world. And it's not as cool as I imagined it to be. In this case I would have preferred to imagine my own rules.<br/><br/>It's also not internally consistent. For example, there's this phrase that's said out loud quite often in the film. "I have served. I will be of service." It's a pretty cool line, but the problem is that there are numerous moments in the previous films where it could have been said, and in fact should have been said. But this film is the first time we ever hear it, which makes it clear that they only came up with it when writing this third film in the franchise. And that breaks the illusion, it shatters your suspension of disbelief.<br/><br/>Chapter 3 is not a bad film by any means. It has great locations, great action, great acting (especially from Reeves) and it's still one of the best action franchises out there. But it also isn't the masterpiece its predecessors undoubtedly were. After a long time saw such an incredible fight and action movie. But the whole movie contains fight and fight. There is very short story and short seens. The plot was good and kept me intrigued through out, although I felt like there was less dialogue, the action scenes make up for that as they were amazing and thrilling to watch. Some of the action scenes might have been a bit too long, but they were all unique which made it more interesting to watch. This is one of those movies that is relies on action to make it good movie and that's probably the reason why other people don't like the movie, but if you're a fan of action-packed movies, you should definitely watch this. Also, I'm a bit disappointed as I assumed this was the last movie of the franchise and I was expecting a conclusion; Oh well, I guess I'll have to wait for John Wick 4 in 2021, unless they decide to carry on which will be a bit annoying to be honest. The fight scenes where john would use martial arts are extremely slow its like WWE the enemy would just stand there wait for him to hit him. now the story is good to a limit. i guess the movie was overrated in a way since the other 2 john wick's where amazing. But fun. If you're into crazy amounts of killing by a plethora of methods, this your movie. It gets a little stupid with plot turns. But, hey, you know what you're getting into when you watch it. What should I say? Incredible. Just stunning epic action. Best John Wick part. Extremely highly recommended to watch. An almost perfect masterpiece. I purchased this movie and after watching it, I purchased Chapter 2 and am waiting to purchase Chapter 3 soon! I'll also purchase Chapter 4 when it's done and released! The best John wick film, action packed from the start loved it! Just as in the previous 2 movies the story continues with the struggle of John Wick to overcome massive odds. Keanu does his usual tremendous job in this role-little emotion with tons of action. Love the supporting cast. Hard to replicate story lines in sequels but this story is told well. John wick just gets better and better great action movie from start to finish you just can't get bored by this movie and as always Keanu Reeves is brilliant The action was awesome as usual. but the overall movie didn't feel right like the previous two. i disliked the non-action scenes. and the underworld has crossed over into a straight up fantasy world that is difficult to believe. easily the worst of the three, but still enjoyable (1 viewing) If you are confused with this movie, then I suggest you watch the first two in order to keep up with the story line. If you have never watched 1 or 2 then don't watch 3 because you will ha e no idea what is going on. I say this now, I can't wait for John wick 4! Don't mess with HIM !!!<br/><br/>John Wick keeps on getting better!
Brilliant Sequel<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves you are special <3 The highest compliment I can pay John Wick 3 is that it is a John Wick movie. And the key word is "movie" not "sequel." It feels like an extension of the first two films, not an attempt at rehashing them. The John Wick franchise is known for it's excellent cinematography and choreography, it's fast paced action, and just for being incredibly fun. And Parabellum checks all those boxes.
I've seen a lot of action films, and quite a few with long, seemingly endless fight sequences and a lot of them can start to feel boring if they go on too long. Yet, for all the fighting in the John Wick movies, I'm never bored. They always manage to keep it interesting with creative weapons, locations, villains, and fighting styles. It's astounding how fresh they've kept the action for three movies, and I feel certain they could keep that up, at least for a few more installment. This film does heavily sequel bait, much like the second film did, but, as with that, who cares, I'm gonna go see the next one. They earned it!
Something else I feel I might not have praised enough is the character designs. It's a world just different enough from our own that it feels like it could exist within the real world, but wholly apart from it. It's the type of world where tattooed androgynes are desk workers and fiery young Non-binary people with short, blue hair outrank old men in suits. The freaks are running the circus, so to speak.
But really, how much about this movie can I praise that I haven't already acknowledged in my other John Wick reviews. If you loved John Wick 1 and 2 as much as I did, 3 is exactly what you'll want. If, for some reason, you didn't like them, don't expect anything different from the third movie. The first John Wick was something new in flood of action movies. It was violent and crazy and adrenaline-fueled and felt fresh. Then we find we will get a trilogy. And now, it's still not over.<br/><br/>How much can a man take? I already have my suspension of disbelief turned to the maximum. And constant fighting is getting dull. Honestly, it starts to feel like a TV series with the ending of this one. And the whole plot, really.<br/><br/>But did I stay in my chair, eyes glued to the screen?<br/><br/>Hell yeah, I did. There is something in the choreography of fights and the incredible twists along the way (which are not believable at all, like I said, suspension of disbelief to the max), I don't know , it's too much of a guilty pleasure to stop watching it. But if they keep going with this style, eventually they will drag John Wick into mediocrity. I can't believe that I'm saying this about a John Wick film, it sucked and Keanu is getting old.<br/><br/>This film could have bene amazing, and when the storyline was actually there, some points of it were, but most fell short and ended up as boring and flat, most of the film was. I felt like I wasted my time, so glad I only spent $2.50 per ticket, othwrwise I might have asked for my money back. John Wick Chapter 3 only expands upon everything that made the first two great. First, the action. A lot more variety and creativity in the fights, such as the use of knives and interaction with the environment. The action itself is smooth and has a special feel or realism in it that we've seen before. There is some more humor in this one and it's all very well timed with what's happening. Keanu Reeves does his thing and there is nothing else to say other than he's a man of focus, dedication, and sheer will. The movie also goes deeper into the world of John Wick and the assassins and we meet some new faces who are well established in their position. Overall, it's fun, badass, and has Keanu Reeves, so you can't go wrong with this one. Highly appreciated that this movie has put two pencak silat practitioner and Indonesian top action actors, Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman, as primary antagonist alongside with Mark Dacascos.
You can see those two give more color to this movie with Bahasa Indonesia and karambit. Also they stand out more than Tiger Hu Chen whose become very good friend of Keanu Reeves.
I am a bit surprise that Reeves could say "sampai jumpa" quite fluent.
Can wait the sequel of this movie and I hope more Indonesian actors cast for this movie. There are still Iko Uwais, Joe Taslim, and other indonesian actors fit for cast in this movie. A breath of fresh air compared to the every other movie Hollywood managed to put out this year. Typical John wick movie filled with lots of fight scenes and action. Movie delivers era even though John wick 1 is still preferred. In the first two movies, something was always missing for me. In the first movie, the story was kinda 'meh', but it was action-loaded. In the second movie they really focused on the story (the whole criminal operation) whilst neglecting the action a bit.<br/><br/>This installment had the craziest kills in any movie I've ever seen. First there was the part where John Wick made his own gun, shot a guy, suddenly got into a fight with knives and hit and shot, with like 15 knives, at one guy, then started killing the others with horses. I mean. WOW, HOW do you come up with that.<br/><br/>The movie has you sitting on the edge of your seat throughout the film. Can't criticise this, just can't I LOVE John wick. I fell in love the instant I saw the first one. I loved the second one as well and have seen both at least 10 times.<br/><br/>There are not many movies I want to go to the movies for this was one of them.
This movie didn't disappoint. Lots of action and great sequences.
The downside to this movie is the story. they mention certain things and I was confused and I feel it was kinda rushed. Other than that this is a solid action movie. Well worth the watch Great movie! Great franchise! Cant wait for the next one it will be epic especially how this one ended Very good I like it so much and I will see the next chapter of this film Went and seen this the week it was released. I was very pleased with the movie after watching the trailers. I'm my opinion this is the best of the series to date. It had non stop action from the opening scene to the end. I will be first in line to see the next one when it's done and released. I hope they make another one sooner than later. I saw the first 2 recently, and they were decent action films, but nothing special to be honest.<br/><br/>The third movie carries on from the second, however the action scenes, choreography and directing feel vastly improved. It was a pleasure to watch.<br/><br/>There's still the odd moments where you wonder why John was let off the hook. The movie leaves a 4th installment on the horizon. It's been 2 years since I first watched John Wick, after it being recommended countless times by some of my friends and being showered with rave reviews by critics. Most of the time, films don't really catch up to such levels of hype but the original was so good that it compelled me to go watch the second part.<br/><br/>I won't go into spoiler territory but you should definitely treat your senses to the adrenaline-pumping films if you haven't already, ASAP.
If you have indeed seen both of the previous films, JW3 starts right from the events concluding JW2 and while the starting is a bit jarring and a large portion of the first half is a bit forgettable, evident by my poor recollection of the events. (or I just have a poor memory haha)<br/><br/>Thankfully, it doesn't take much time for the film to regain steam and start firing from all cylinders.<br/><br/>You see, cinematography has always been a plus point of the franchise. Now, combine it with immaculately planned action scenes, daunting stunts, quirky characters and (insanely) deep lore and you would get a god-tier action flick.<br/><br/>Pardon me if I talk in superlatives here but John Wick is one of the rare film franchises which manage to consistently amaze me with their sheer ingenuity. All three films are based on simplicity, with the main confilct arising from a puppy. But how the films choose to present this is what appeals to me. While the main story threatens to wear thin, the director Chad Stahelski has created a huge, lusciously-crafted network operated Assassins and MNC-type organisations which essentially kill but with a moral code. The Continental Hotel is a prime example of this kind of world-building, which itself is expanded with branches all over the world, operating under the aegis of the High Table (which has become the main antagonist in the franchise)<br/><br/>Speaking in terms of food analogies, this is the side-dish/dessert but the main course is the jaw-droppingly insane action sequences. It's like every film keeps getting better and better vis-a-vis the magnitude of the action set-pieces. Aided by the brilliant camera work of Dan Lausten, they action is swift, merciless and just, 'cool'. It's really good.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the strength of the film is also one of its biggest weaknesses. You see, Parabellum does become overkill. VERY OVERKILL. By the end of the movie, one might just get action fatigue. The sheer amount of people slain by John Wick is dizzyingly high. Slish-slash-sloosh, and everyone's dead. Out of the hundreds and thousands of skilled assassins and amateurs that come at Wick, not one is able to kill him.<br/><br/>I guess, that's the whole point of the film and to its credit, it does poke at the action tropes of invincibility. It's evidently self-aware of its ridiculousness and while that's a good thing, one cannot help but be overwhelmed by the macabre attributes of the film. Blood splattered stylishly is blood splattered nevertheless.<br/><br/>Ultimately, John Wick is still one heck of a movie, oozing with swagger, charm and smarts! A must watch for all action-aficionados and with a word-of-caution, the average movie goer. John Wick 3 is like game updates. Wants to continue the game? Buy this gun, buy this box, wants to see the whole story? Watch this part but we dont give you whole story. We want your money so wait for next chapter that make you waiting for the other chapters. Without a doubt, one of the best action movies of the 21st century! Way better than the previous two John Wick movies and more than likely one of the only movie series to actually get better with each new release + much more action, much more intense choreography, truly remarkable! Worth watching 20 times! So far the best movie this year - I was petrified to my chair from first seconds - wow - movie like this wasn't here 10years at least - so many details of fight, attacks and strategy - this movie is worth watch second time in 4K :-) Here's my review of John wick : Parabellum . So what is the best action movie franchise right now ? Definitely Mission Impossible , due to the franchise' breathtaking action scenes and it's lead actor. The John Wick franchise is also the same only difference being it doesn't involve shaky cam . What I've loved about these movies since the first one is that it's an action movie with back to back action scenes with a very linear story in the middle . So you watch these just to see Keanu Reeves blow people's brains out . not 'A Dogs purpose' which ironically is also in theatres right now. This movie takes place right where John wick 2 left off , there's a manhunt with a price tag on him. Nothing I say is a spoiler cause the plot only exists to build an action scene. This movie explores more into the world of assassins than the other two and even digs a little bit into John wicks past . One of the unique things about this world is that it has a neon video game-ish tone to it. Not just the world , even the characters are very stoic ,they speak one liners , always monologuing and never show a human side even at dying moments . Now the action in this movie is just insanely good ! Most of them are not wide angle which means most of the stunts were performed by actors themselves and you can just see the effort. Some of the hand to hand combat is without cuts and it's really satisfying to see them. However there was this one scene with a very awkward edit and I thought how did they miss that . But that's when I noticed a few more of those and realised it was the Indian censor board who were responsible . I still don't understand why these people rate a movie as R and edit things in it. There was also a scene in a railway station where Wick kills a guy , it wasn't a stealth kill btw. But none of the public scream or anything they're just casual. Which can mean that everyone in there was an assassin including the kids or we're just supposed to accept it's a video game world. In the end , John wick talks less than Ryan gosling in Drive and ironically is in a movie which is pretty much what people thought Drive was going to be. So with great action , video game like characters , solid choreography , one huggable pupper , John wick is what I'd call arthouse action . Oh and there's guns. Lots and lots of guns ! John "Badass" Wick
It's not better than previous chapters. Parabellum, is by far the funnest of the 3 actionfest films. It has all the Smack, Crack, and Pew Pew you can ask for. Over the top, down right ridiculous, actual neck breaking.<br/><br/>Sadly, it may also be the least impacting, story wise. The narrative strongly reflected a push for a 4th installment, that felt as if this was decided halfway through filming a finalized trilogy.<br/><br/>But all the hard work that went into all the incredible combat, makes you glad you came out for another go with BaBaYaga. And the canine tag team scene, showcasing an impressive Halle Berry, is one of the most unique peaces of cinema adrenaline ever filmed.<br/><br/>If this is your bag, you gotta give it a go. But if you aren't much of a fan of the 1st 2 JWs, skip it, and/or wait till it's available for at home viewing. My favorite of the three in the franchise. The 1st act is fast paced and great. In the 2nd act you get a great action scene including attack dogs. The 3rd act raid in the Continental hotel is spectacular and the twist with Winston was unexpected. This film follows on directly from the sequel. After killing a member of the high table, the manager of the continental reluctantly gives Wick a 1 hour headstart. The first 10 minutes just show John running around, trying to gather as much resources and help as possible. Although before the hour starts, one member decides to take the money, which ends badly for him. Once the hour starts, chaos ensues. Oh, beautiful chaos. Very poor compared to the previous ones, only violence and blood without meaning. No idea why this has got such high score. It's watchable and the stunts are great, but like the previous 2 there is virtually no plot, just relentless fights, a ridiculous body count and after seeing the first 50 or so bad guys get offed in a variety of ways it does get boring. I love the actor who played the adjudicator. Laurence was good in his role. Anjelica and Halee were given too much screen time. Keanu is making bank on this series and no signs of slowing down. There are no challenges in doing role as same subject manner. Different stunt scenes and locale be moving ahead with them.<br/><br/>The sets at ends look like right lifted out of Resident Evil. This franchise is just long video game anyhow. Good fluff movie for the genre of movie. The sound is loud and picture in your face and colors properly.<br/><br/>John and his many hunters of him, Would love to know the entire gun fire usage. Must be well into hundreds?! With that even louder non stop noise, one must adjust TV accordingly, plus any close neighbors near you. The dog is cool, well trained for action movie. Someone in the know on set get back to me on that gunfire question ty. 6/10 Acting: 7
Story: 5
Production values: 6
Suspence - thriller level: 5
Action: 10
Mystery - unknown: 3
Romance level: none...
Film noir ~ neo noir density: 7
Comedy elements: none...
Overall: 6 I had to give Parabellum 10/10 had it worth even more than that.
Not maybe one of the best but the best action film of the year currently by far. It's on a level of its own
It improved on every John wick movie story is deeper better and fighting is like never before ending is great and open but it has one thing that's absent it is the signature soundtrack
But even though it's gone from this movie it's still the best in the series so far it's that good but I hope they bring it back in the upcoming movie From all the positive reviews I was expecting better than this. It was mindless action full of unnecessary violence and no plot whatsoever. What can I say , just awesome movie !!! Period . Best in the series so far . I have never in my entire life seen a movie where people pretty much goes insane in the cinema. They were shouting, screaming and throwing popcorns all over the place, it was totally chaos but in a just remarkable way. This movie blew me away. This is and absolute action masterpiece that I probably will never forget seeing at the movies and I think that you to will be absolutely satisfied with it to. Its just doesn't get better then this. John Wick you are the man. John Wick 3 - This franchise has grown to be a holy achievement for any person eager to strap on for a full-ride of tense and jaw dropping action and excitement! We've come to expect these results, haven't we? The movie is balls to the walls action packed extravaganza, full tilt boom, cranked like a vice grip that isn't interested in holding back the prowess of their creation. Galloping one triumphant action feat to the next and doing so with style and rewarding with some substance and pay off, depending on your taste, maybe. This genre of filmmaking and the way it has been imagined and then translated to the screen is simply astounding. Truly visionary in terms of the look and feel, the set pieces and coordination/choreography of the cast members involved, truly outright epic-ness. A movie that has continued the way for a franchise to be noticed for the way results are produced. John Wick 3 is another solid entry and as good as ever.<br/><br/>Kicking it off right where we had left off, there isn't much time for shenanigans and horseplay, because the clock is ticking, and man oh man, Mr. Wick has people smitten with him. We follow along for another daring and engrossing cat and mouse game. Mr. Wick will have his hands full being the hunted, once again, and attempting to make his way through these wild and inspired obstacles they have for his person, should be anything but light handed and idle.<br/><br/>Always worth noting with such Art as this, is the ability to keep things never feeling numb or disinterested in what could follow, person(s) and places, props and blueprints of their wildest imagination, are at our disposable to digest and appreciate the sheer brilliance of this all. Director, Chad Stahelski, prior stuntman in the industry and body double for Keanu Reeves, has the talent and vision for such eye popping stylized action. A resume full of stunt work for multiple action movies has shown a person grow to an idolized action franchise film-director? Maybe, people, maybe. He's the real stuff on this platform and not many can hold a candle to his staggering entrance and staying on the scene, second to maybe, the RAID Franchise, he has forged his way to being mentioned with modern great action epics. Great work has been done, sir.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves ( The Matrix, Street Kings) has flourished in certain roles that he seems to take a direct adaptation to. He does well to embrace these rugged and disciplined actions for a job and does it with inspiration and commitment. This character/role has never floundered away from those sorts of idea(s) when thinking of what it takes to take on such badass stuff. This role has encapsulated past glories, for fans and the people who have grown up watching such hits like: Speed, Point Break, Constantine. Keanu Reeves owns this movie, the heart and soul of this breathtaking and daunting portrayal of a character on the big screen. Kudos to you, sir!<br/><br/>John Wick 3 has fulfilled its purpose, more or less, what it had set out to do, was making a worthy potential conclusion to an adrenaline fueled franchise keen on destroying the standards set by other action's films. There are committed faces, old and new. Stunts and moves, fights and weapons, sleek and cool production value. I'd never miss a Wick entry at this point and with this one amongst it's others, I don't think you'd like to either, Have fun! Full credit to the fight choreographer(s) and stunt people. It's all wonderfully over the top that even the dogs are hamming it up.
The fights get a bit repetitive after a while and I must admit that after roaring with laughter I got a bit bored.
None of the actors are taking this very seriously apart from one dimensional Reeves who can't believe he's got a franchise out of his character, What makes me happy that Keanu from beginning till end non stop action really amazing work he spend a lot of energy to show us this , big thanks and love for all cast I love John Wick movies and this is the best of the 3 so far. Can't wait for number 4. Is the message of john wick 3 parabellum, or prepare for war, i guess the real war comes in the next film, as this was just a training match in mortal activities, either with guns, knives,sabres or just fists.<br/><br/>the story is not of remembrance, at some stage its like an medeval stub of popal exhumination of the best killers in sosciety, a stupid comparission maybe, but so is also the story.<br/><br/>what i liked best was the well coreographed fighting scenes, and john wicks unbelievable ability to survive everything. ive had my back spine broken once and i know what pain is connected to a minor damage like that, john wicks ability to withstand tenthousandfolds that is just dehuminizing and unbelievable.<br/><br/>the grumpy old man liked number 1 and 2 of the john wick saga, due to a more down to earth feeling and more realistic plot. but its entertainment on a blades edge, and violent,believe me. John Wick (Keanu Reeves) is excommunicated by the High Table and a $14 million bounty is placed on his head. This reminds me of The Warriors. It has a lot of gun fu action as John Wick go on a difficult journey against various criminal gangs. It has loads of fun action. The plot is simple although it would be better to have Wick map out his quest. There are good fun to be had except for Halle Berry. She seems to be trying earn an Oscar for some reason. This is action fun. It's not Monster's Ball. This is all about the fights, the knives, the close gun shots, and the cool cool fights. It's about fun. John wick 3 is a step up from part 2 and on par with part 1. It's a great looking film and the action sequences are highly stylized and fun to watch. The plot is simple and the execution is great. It's a high action shoot em up pic that satisfies what you're looking for, if this is what you're looking for. Plus the ending sets up part 4 nicely, can't wait to see how it plays out. The entire movie was basically John Wick fighting against multiple people. There was way too much action in the scenes and the movie lacked story time, which made the movie not very realistic at some times. The first 20 minutes are Epic! The film takes a slight breath then plunges into more extreme violence. The body count is unrelenting, almost comical.<br/><br/>There are periodic "Boss fights" in between the carnage of henchmen and some inner circle machinations. but ultimately builds to it's predictable end.<br/><br/>Everything is a mortal weapon in the hands of John Wick. Horses and books being some of the most entertaining and brutal.<br/><br/>Not for the faint-hearted or Keanu-swooners! SPOILERS<br/><br/>I have watched the last 2 John Wick movies may be 10 to 12 times each and my love for them hasn't diminished at all but i actually had to fast forward some sections of the Final Chapter because the movie is damn too repetitive.
First 20 minutes were like adrenaline rush, enjoyed every bit of it but after about 1 hour in the movie i stopped caring for what is going to happen next. i think the reason for them can be divided as below
1. Halle Berry section though the action was superb but the storyline was bad. John Wick looking for help from Halle Berry with just a marker but the high table against him. i mean she could have been shown as a rebel in hiding or something rather than an active assassin and well settled but still going against high table to help John just because he has a marker. A marker which John himself was not ready to accept in chapter 2 and did so after much hue and cry.
2. High Table - this is a very stupid scene. King of Kings living in a desert and controlling such vast empire and then he also agrees to let go John if he agrees to kill Winston (Ian Mcshane) and why because he didnt agree to the terms of the high table. John Wick himself is guilty of the same thing. Anyway John agrees to do it and as a token of his apology or repentance, cuts a finger and gives to high table.
3. Now John Wick is out to kill Winston and 2 minutes into the scene, refuses to kill him and together they take the world apart.
4. I know John Wick is John Wick but he falls from top storey of hotel after being shot and still doesnt die, i mean c'mon.
But one will still be able to watch this once because of action choreography, dialogues and photogrpahy. Those neon lighting did take my breath away and i loved every bit of rain and lighting. Great and Unique Action Movie since 90s i have too say Master Piece of Action Movie, yes it is unique and there wasn't any movie like this but it bring back memories I was entertained for the entire two plus hours of this film. It was pretty much the same as the first two movies, but that is not a bad thing. Keanu Reaves is still good as John Wick and Halle Berry was added for some eye candy. She still looks great but is only present for a small segment. The supporting cast is good and evil with unending action as Wick cannot be defeated. The New York City locations include the NYC Public Library and they really work. Just sit back and put your mind on vacation for this diverting flick. Lately, the action genre has grown tiresome. Filled with stunts but amateur acting skills or plot line. After last year's disappointing Skyscraper we have the return of John Wick or in this case John Wick 3 - Parabellum. Keanu Reeves is back as the professional assassin, but this time he's the one hunted.<br/><br/>I loved this movie. John Wick 3 is everything an action movie should be. We don't just want to see fights, but we want to experience the suspense and dare I say have decent acting. Keanu Reeves is everything we want and need in an action star. He's naturally handsome but intelligent, strong but calculating. I loved the fact that they included new ways to kill someone. Hint, hint a library is not just for reading anymore. Some of us have waited for Halle Berry to make some better choices when it comes to movie roles. She deserves better, and we deserve better from the Oscar Winner. In John Wick 3, we get that. Her turn as Sofia isn't only sexy but powerful. She very much holds her own in the scenes she shares with Reeves. Other favorites are Lance Reddick as Charon and Ian McShane as Winston.<br/><br/>Who said that hitmen couldn't be elegant as well as calculating? Jonathan Eusebio designed outstanding choreography for the fight scenes, especially the ones that occur in the latter end of the movie. Honorable mention goes to Boban Marjanovic aka backup center for the Philadelphia 76ers. His screen time may be short but memorable. We must also give props to Luca Mosca for his costumes. I love how he dressed the women in this movie. Asia Kate Dillion as the Adjudicator wouldn't have come across as menacing if it wasn't for the wardrobe. The tailoring of Reddick and McShane also helped convey their characters. Many a time we focus on the director, stunt team when it comes to these types of movies overlooking costuming. Mosca choices helped carry the story and along with the set design of Letizia Santucci and David Schlesinger. John Wick 3 is not just an action film but a mood.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 may be the last one, but I am open to seeing Berry's character Sofia along with those two K 9's get a spin-off. It may be May, but John Wick 3 has kicked off Summer Movies at least the Action Division.<br/><br/>Scale: It gets an 8 for sheer fun.<br/><br/>Diversity: It has a variety of people of color from Asian to Black. The women aren't just eye candy but are an integral part of the story. It receives an 8.5 Best movie this year and the year isn't over yet :D Love the last scene "are you pissed? bavause i am". I usually don't watch action movies but this one blew me off the movie seat, 10 out of 10 i can give no less, even the movie music is the best i have heard. The moment the movie gets to the 'Casablanca shootout' it was ok, after that point I gave up.<br/><br/>
This movie was fast build for money.
Special effects, like stabbing knives where poorly executed. Fight scenes where slow and fake. People wait to be stabbed, shot and killed.<br/><br/>This movie would have been great in the 90s<br/><br/>Story line was surprisingly good. No doubts Chapter 3 delivered great piece of action in 2 hrs of running.. bloodshed is brutal, baba yaga continued his legendary intense action.
MUST WATCH. Honestly this is the best action movie I have ever seen. Anyone who likes action should see this film. Could not wait for JW 3 , was looking forward to the great fight scenes and quirky way JW kills. Was a little disappointed the fight scene were too predictable. Great fight scene with Haley Berry and the dogs though. Here hoping JW 4 will go back to the things that made JW 1 & 2 Great to watch Keanu Reeves and John Wick don't match. If you like senseless bodycount ... Scenario and plot makes also non-sense.Good fighting choreography that becomes boring after a while. Good cinematography and production. If you want a "no brainer" to entertain you for a while, this is it. I get that it's fiction, cartoon, etc, but, this is wholesale violence and slaughter as entertainment, everyone get's executed with at least 2 shots in the head, everyone is expendable and extinguishable with no afterthought,
The settings are beautiful, the choreography is as impressive as a well planned walk through of a complex dance, there's plenty of gun loving, knife loving, bone breaking loving violence because that's normal healthy entertainment in this world and this dimension we live in,
I'm not so sure they thought through the characters actions though, something about staying alive and killing people to keep the memory of his dead wife alive?, not sure, it didn't really ring true,
Some guy in the desert was the primo boss, or something? Don't tknow that any of that was supposed to matter, and would it have made any difference if it did? John Wick: Chapter 3 accomplished something that many follow up films fail to do and that's make the franchise better. In this day and age each sequel diminishes due to adding over the top action and loosing the art of story telling. Wick 3 breaks this cycle.
Picking up immediately where Chapter 2 left off we find John racing against time before the ex-communicado takes affect. John literally has to fight very step he takes. Wick 3 throws you into a fast paced cat and mouse game between John and what seems to be the rest of the world. I was pleasantly surprised to see the creative way John used a horse in the midst of fight. The respect that other assassins had for John added depth to the idea that money can influence anything. I didn't care much for the adjudicator because her character fell flat and un intimidating at all but I understood what she represented. I couldn't give Wick 3 a 10 because there were some points in the film that seemed to stall leaving more questions than answers but not enough to ruin the thrill ride. In had high expactations, but after the first two great fightscenes you will have watched the while film. A couple of fightscenes just take two long, or become just silly.
Sure cinematography and choreography are good, but there is not enough dialogue and story. The few storylines that develop are also really far fetched. #JohnWick3
Fully Action Packed<br/><br/>Without any doubt this is the best Action movie series I ever watched till now.<br/><br/>You can definitely find amazing action scenes.<br/><br/>Jst watch U won't regret it!<br/><br/>@mrkreeves 👌🏼👌🏼 By far my favorite out of the 3! The work that they put into this film, 8711 baby!! They don't "play." Mr. Reeve's is by far one of my favorite actors not just because of the crazy hard work he does, but just because he is just an all around great guy, a gentleman. My opinion, I believe this is definitely the best out of the 3 because of the non-stop action!! "I have served, I will be of service." Where could John Wick go? And yes pun intended or rather multiple meanings implied. As you can tell by a third installment, he still had places to go, things to do and people to kill. Though his motivations are different now. While it is not necessary to have seen the other Wick movies, it does make sense. They are also quite good, if you like action flicks.<br/><br/>So John is a persona non grata ... he is the target for other killers and who doesn't like a bounty/money? Well some may have been better off if they just passed on this "opportunity", but that wouldn't have made for a good movie now, would it? We also get a couple of new characters, portrayed by Halle Berry and Marc Dacascos. The latter may be the main antagonist, but he is very likely to become a favorite for a lot of audience members. Amongst all the action and mayhem (not for kids then), there is quite some wicked humor. It is necessary to lighten up the whole thing, not because of any need to cover for bad stunts - quite the opposite is the case. The choreography is top notch once again and there is no fatigue breaking in ... well bring on Part 4 then Just wow.. What can I say? From the storyline to the choreography - it was perfect. A visual masterpieces for sure. I loved it I didn't think JW could have had successful sequels from its first movie, especially since the bulk of it was about his wife and dog.
It concluded well and it didn't need more movies.
Although sceptical, it has proved that JW is the modern Die Hard that all those action lovers in the 90s were looking for. The dilution of the plot/character development is made up for 2 fold with great fresh action sequences and simple awesomeness of Keanu. I absolutely loved this movie. They just get better and better Just an amazing sequel to an amazing movie series. The movie gets going from the first moment on and never stops, the fighting scenes are very realistic, the camerawork is superb and the plot works just fine. I enjoy the tiny touches like that they show him reload. Easily one of the best (if not the best) action movie(s) to come in the 21st century. This (and the first two parts) should be a no brainer to watch if you are a fan of action movies John Wick is quickly turning in to one of my favourite movie franchises. Unbelievably good fight scenes, as someone that does martial arts I know how difficult these must have been to choreograph.<br/><br/>Highly recommend! The chapter 3, Chapter 2 and Chapter 1 carries a common thing - Consistency. The Direction, Acting, Plot and Correlation between all the Chapter are just awesome.
I have never seen such an organized and ruled crime world ever in movies! And yes this is the USP of this movie. KR just nailed it with experienced acting and getting into the character well. After watching the movie it is hard to wait for the sequel. Highly recommended for those who love action, drama, suspense, and KR. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is one of the best action movie of the summer. Keanu Reeves is at his best, since the Matrix. This is why you go to the movies to enjoy the best action thrill ride of all the action of John Wick, a.k.a. The Boogeymen. I have not seen the first two of these films but if the plot is anything like this one I doubt I have much catching up!<br/><br/>The film is enjoyable in a pure brutal action way as long as you leave all reality at the door.<br/><br/>All I would say is some of the fight scenes, although quite good, are a bit like watching a stunt show at Disney with some of the acting, which can make them more funny than gruesome. John Wick series sets a new level for action movies and its getting higher with each installment. The man Keanu Reeves is out of this universe..😍😍 He's 54 yo but still delivering like a young martial artist.. Best thing is director didn't forget the storytelling and its a superb mixture of thrill and action... A must watch film for everyone I really enjoyed it.. will most likely watch it again. I liked the storyline and the action scenes. And also the spin they put on the action scenes. I also enjoyed the desert scene, it was a good change from the dark scenes that we had been seeing. I do have some other comments... firstly, it seems that everyone is trying way too hard to kill one person. Secondly there was too much violence. I know that's down to personal preference, and I knew what to expect. But I personally think they did more than was necessary. Amazing acting, pace and choreography. Best film by far. I am very pleased. I really had a great time watching these movie. The first two parts were great too. I highly recommend to everyone to watch it. I believe you will enjoy watching it. I have been excited for every John Wick movie that comes out. I know what I'm getting myself into every time and I still love all the action! Keanu masterfully continues the tradition of action-packed fight sequences and other visually appealing and entertaining features that you come to expect from the John Wick series. Parabellum is easily the best of the current Wick trilogy as the story and origin of John Wick gets deeper. Easy 9/10. John wick never fails to deliver. It picks up where it left us in the previous movie, and boy it's a wild ride. The action is simply superb, those who loved the first 2 movies will surely not be disappointed. And the addition of Halle Berry is great, she does awesome job in this one. I like the John Wick series, however the third installment is somewhat disappointing. Don't get me wrong, the action sequences are beautifully choreographed and shot; particularly, that with the Chinese and French gangs, is extremely violent and shocking. The occasional references are also well appreciated ("Guns, lots of guns." Anyone?) However, the story and characters are really lacking here. The main character John Wick is trying to avoid his fate of being hunt down by the high table after his deed in the second installment, but at this point he does not really have a better purpose, pretty much only for his own survival. The audience does not feel his sorrow or his desire for revenge, thus the connection to the main character is very weak. The movie becomes basically a martial art movie with lots of guns. Not a bad action movie, but not a John-Wick-level killer. I was in Spain when John Wick 3 came out but I knew I was leaving for America soon so I held off seeing it in Spain. I don't know why either because it's not like you really need to understand these movies. Does anyone see John Wick for the story? However, coming back to America I soon realize that a story that started out with a man and his dead dog and stolen car turns out to be more complicated than we thought.<br/><br/>So now John Wick is on the run and everywhere he goes, someone wants to kill him. The first half of the movie is pure action. There's some amazing set pieces and you will be entertained throughout the movie. I just don't know what's up with this high council stuff and betrayals. Not only that, but the movie is somewhat cliched and predictable which is too bad, because the John Wick series should never be cliched and predictable.<br/><br/>Like I said, the action scenes are great and the main Chinese guy chasing him was great. I'm not sure why Halle Berry is in this movie other than to give John Wick somebody to interact with.<br/><br/>The film is a good time and there's going to be a fourth one. I'll be seeing that too. I'm an action movie fan, and a John Wick one too. This movie went beyond my expectations; John doesn't say much, other than the usual grunts, but his actions speak for themselves. I love the combination of various fight techniques - gunfire and hand to hand combat - these give the film a brutal but adrenaline pumped tempo! He kills people that shot his dog, he then just kills bad people and now he just wants to stay alive......which means he kills bad people. What's not to like. Great film. This movie is amazing and the fighting scenes are incredible. Actions movie lover's Will not disappoint it, but the only thing I missed about it in this movie was the active John wick!!! He was tired all the time, at least we deserve to watch him fight with full of energy even few minutes! Otherwise everything was enjoyable . Action packed, amazing fight choreography i've got nothing but positive things to say about this film. Still find it impressive how Keanu is still getting better with age like a fine wine! Non stop action from start to finish. There's good news and bad news about the third John Wick. The good news: the action sequences (which are the whole point of this series, honestly) are spectacular...the best fight sequences in the entire franchise. The bad news: the characters talk much more than Parts 1 and 2 too. And while there's value to building mythology here, the movie feels a little less tight and Wick's actions make a little less sense. This saga works best when the story is told via kicks and gunshots...not dialogue. Still, the good outweighs the talking, and it is hard to take your eyes away. I'll be back for Chapter 4, even if I hope there's a little less talking next time around. I really enjoyed this flick. I feel like it's hard to come by a good shoot em up action movie these days without feeling like there is generic plot. The aesthetic and cinematography are absolutely stunning. The action keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time with great acting and some very well times jokes chucked in every so often. Overall, this is a fantastic installment to the series and I will definitely rewatch this when it's available. This movie is so.lit af! Made me entertaied whole throughout the film. Sad for john wick he had to go through all of that misery and fighting all of them. It's like him against the whole world. I believe this movie's rating is totally dependent on your expectations before going in.<br/><br/>If you've seen the first 2 chapters and loved them then this one will not disappoint.<br/><br/>It's full of great long fight scenes that Keanu did a great job in. The addition of Halle berry was also really good and she was fitted for the role.<br/><br/>Go see the movie and enjoy. This is not a children's film, and not a film for everyone. You'll either love it or hate it.<br/><br/>That being said, this is martial "arts" homage for those who know fighting styles and like weapons and gunplay too. And for those action fans who can appreciate them done/handled with an extreme attention to detail. Think "Enter the Dragon" meets "The Professional" (aka "León")<br/><br/>If you enjoy realistic action, the fighting scenes are amazing, unrelenting, and a non-stop adrenaline rush.<br/><br/>Fighting aside, the photography, scenery, landescape visuals and music are lavishly captured & selected giving the action a break.<br/><br/>The supporting characters, who although appearing briefly in their roles, are adequately portrayed and cast perfectly to keep the story going.<br/><br/>This being a sequel, most likely to be followed by another, it delivered what I thought was expected of it in this "chapter." Ahhh...John Wick. An easy-on-the-eyes assassin with a penchant for vengeance and gore, a hint of anti-heroism, and a sympathetic tortured past. Keanu Reeves is back as the title character for what is definitely one of his best movies since The Matrix, and this time, he managed to raise the stakes even higher. After killing a member of the High Table on Continental grounds, which is the biggest no-no an assassin can commit, John is going to be excommunicated from the hidden world of hitmen, which means they are all out to kill him for a global $14 million contract. You can't hide from the world, and you certainly can't fight them all off, but John Wick: Parabellum will make your heart race as our hero resolves to try.<br/><br/>THE LOWDOWN: John Wick: Parabellum is an enthralling fast-paced, shoot-and-stab action movie with enough carnage for fans of Game of Thrones. In fact, I would say that the film is at least 70% fighting and action, and maybe 30% storytelling. The cast has more than a few stars, including Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, and even Game of Thrones' Jerome Flynn alongside Orange is the New Black's Asia Kate Dillon. Not to mention, Laurence Fishburne will also reprise his role from John Wick 2 and sustain that Matrix reunion with Reeves. The plot, while entertaining, takes a slight backseat to the action and gives more than enough opportunities for John Wick to kill everyone in sight (plus a few more) in order to stay alive.<br/><br/>TL;DR PEOPLE RATINGS (1-10 SCALE)<br/><br/>THE FAMILY MOVIE NIGHT REVIEW - For parents and kids who love watching movies together - 3<br/><br/>Unless your family is mostly grown or if you're willing to be a little more lenient with your kids, this is not a good movie to watch with children of any age.
Alternatives (from PG-13 to PG): Tomb Raider, Black Panther, Kung Fu Panda<br/><br/>THE SQUEAMISH REVIEW - Lives for peace and love, pukes at the sight of blood - 2<br/><br/>If lots of blood-and-guts violence grosses you out, make a different choice. You'll thank me later.
Alternatives: A Disney movie
THE THRILL-SEEKER REVIEW- The action-film fanatic - 7<br/><br/>What John Wick slightly lacks in storytelling, it makes up for with the most thrilling, unique, and realistic fight scenes. You will be on the edge of your seat as John fights against the world for his survival!
Alternatives: Deadpool, The Commuter<br/><br/>THE FILM CONNOISSEUR REVIEW - A lover of cinema at its finest - 5.5<br/><br/>As previously mentioned, John Wick: Parabellum IS NOT on par with some of the greatest films of all time, but because of its R-rating, it has the freedom to be realistic in terms of assassins fighting to the death. Plus, an original premise of a secret world of assassins is tempting, isn't it?
Alternatives: Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill series, The Dark Knight trilogy<br/><br/>THE FEMINIST REVIEW - For people who love seeing powerful women - 6<br/><br/>Halle Berry and Asia Kate Dillon are the two main leading ladies in this installment of the John Wick series. Berry plays a tough, ruthless assassin who isn't afraid to get her hands dirty, while Dillon plays an Adjudicator from the High Table, and pulls the strings in the operation to take down John. Berry's character is fun to watch and her loyal dogs add a little flair to her fighting style, while Dillon holds the power, but never gets physical in the process, which is slightly unnerving, since that is the opposite of what someone in her position would typically do. It's as if she is so high up on the administration of the High Table, that she is untouchable. It's different, which makes it interesting.
Alternatives: Wonder Woman, Kill Bill<br/><br/>THE HAYSTEW REVIEW - 7/10<br/><br/>John Wick: Parabellum is a good movie, and it is definitely worth watching. If you are a Game of Thrones fan who is having withdrawal syndrome, this is perfect for you. Or if you are a Deadpool fan, this film will not be as wildly hilarious as the "Merc with a Mouth", but its got gore galore and a few moments of comedic relief. It is a novel and fascinating take, not only on the typical assassin movie, but also on the action genre as a whole. In terms of the acting, Reeves holds the hearts of the audience in the palm of his hands, and with every slice, stab, and shot, his grasp gets tighter and tighter. After it is over, viewers will walk out of the theaters feeling like a certified bada**. In a sentence.. one of the best action film I've ever seen.. Keanu Reeves does it again..go for it.. One of the best action film I've ever watched ..go for it.. "More of the same" does somewhat apply here, but considering the "same" is why we actually like to go see this movie that's a compliment!<br/><br/>We delve slightly deeper into the history of John Wick, we learn more about the rules of the High Table, we get treated to several epic combat scenes and the Continental has an awesome "dark mode" that I'd splurge on for my apartment if I had the funds for it. This movie is a masterpiece!! A must watch. Non stop amazing content! Not a dull moment. Keanu does it again! ...But not as good as the first. Way more shooting, stabbing, slashing etc. There's gonna be a forth so I'll wait for that one to see if it's better. I liked the first two but now it just got too repetetive...keanu seems way too stiff, gets his life saved by logic errors, plot holes and plot convenience over and over...i started looking on my watch after 60 min or less. There were a few very good fighting scenes but way too many fillers. There was no comedic relieve and just no pause. I dont need part 4. I guess most of the good reviews were written by those that didnt see the first two flicks. The next sequel should be better. It should be more tense and actions. Like it. Frommte first second of the film i got cought! i am waiting for john wick 4 Keeping the same energy as the first two movies, John Wick 3 was well written, and exciting. The absurdity of this reality is so all absorbing I wasn't sure if I should be laughing, or hiding my eyes. Completely engaging the whole time, its a perfect movie to unwind and end a long week with.<br/><br/>One things for sure though, in this movie? Glass doesn't stand a chance. The third chapter in the John Wick series bring more of what viewers expect while at the same time keeping the action fresh and the narrative surprising. In my case, I would have enjoyed the movie more if I knew from the start that this was not the conclusion to a trilogy, as I was expecting the cliffhanger ending to represent the end of the series. After letting the events of the movie sink in for a while though, I felt that the movie ultimately left a good impression on me, and given the shake-up in the status quo by the end of the film, I am looking forward to the next entry. 3 words
non stop action<br/><br/>If you are Keanu Reeves this is for you, it's so hard to write a review about this great movie without spoiling it for people. just go and pick it up I say Blu-ray. the cinemas sucks, some geezer was spoiling the full movie through for me and others in the cinema and this was on th released for JW 3 this is why cinemas sucks. It's very interesting but is not the Best movie I seen I loved this movie. It's over the top and if you loved the first one and enjoyed the second then you will not be disappointed. I appreciated the choreography all throughout. This movies is a action movie masterpiece! Every single shootout and fight scenes are different from eachother. The Action is exciting and brutal and cool. It's a movie for action movie fans. I watched it in the cinemas and I was engaged to the movie. The scenes were insane like the libary fight scene, the shootout in Arabia, the motorbike shootout, the stable fight scene. It all was amazing! I recommend to watch it to all people. It sometimes can get a bit brutal. It way more violent then the other two. But it's more action packed then the other two. It's a must watch movie they you should I watch. That why I give this movie a 10/10 and when I do give something 10/10 I mean it's REALLY GOOD. So watch this movie you won't regret it! Parabellum is a great sequel for the amazing job that they made in first two movies. Action dosage pushes its limits. The scene with knives is the most cruel sequence in whole trilogy. There is nothing to say about Keanu Reeves, he puts his everything and he is just incredible. Also I liked new characters. On the other hand I have just two problems with this movie. One of them is its length. Sometimes fighting scenes becomes boring because they are so intense and so long, thats tiring for audience. And the other is it has an unrealistic final but it is a kind of mysterious too. We can understand that fourth movie will be released in few years, Im excited about it. Finally, I can easily say this trilogy is so impressive because it is telling a story which is happening in just one week. It has great dynamics and I want to see the ending of John Wick's journey in next movie. I went to see this film expecting to see strong violence and great action scenes, and I was not disappointed! The fight scenes are almost constant, but somehow this doesn't affect the quality of the storyline. In fact, it probably enhances it. There were some seriously gorey scenes that turned my stomach, but at the same time it filled me with adrenaline and made me crave more! I can't praise this film enough. Leaves you desperate for the fourth movie to come out! After all these decades they still manage to make great action flicks like John Wick. And after 2 movies they can still maintain the quality on the third. Packed with amazing action, visually enthralling, fantastic soundtrack and a class act from beginning to end! With John Wick we got to know the Baba Yaga but with Parabellum we witness its full potential! Keanu remains the ideal badass for a movie rich in close combat scenes! It's a pretty good movie keanu reeves is very good in it. The fight choreography was very impressive. My only complaint was that one seen felt kind of pointless and stupid but overall its a very good action film. I agree with the other reviews that say there is too much action in the movie, and lacking in the storyline. I did enjoy the movie, but not as much as the first two. Overall, I'd say the actors and actresses did a very good job, but after a while, all of the fighting and killing gets old. . . . but JOHN WICK: CHAPTER 3--PARABELLUM documents that it's actually those so-called nations comprising the southern and eastern fringes of the Mediterranean Sea (and which spill over a little further toward the East) that have truly become canine territory. About midway through JOHN WICK 3, this flick's title character joins forces with Batgirl to unleash a pair of ravenous German shepherds to incapacitate and literally consume what seems to be the entire male population of Casablanca. These groin-chomping mutts seem to subsist upon an all-nut diet, if you can imagine THAT. Even after Mr. Wick or Ms. Batgirl shoots the terrorist thugs a couple times in the head, Fido and Rover persist in chowing down on the neutralized enemy's Family Jewels. Viewers will almost feel sorry for these hapless Gentlemen of the Casbah, until they recall that it is THEIR Culture that lures American Journalists into embassies for marriage licenses, and then blind-sides the prospective grooms with squads containing a score of trained torturer\assassins, as well as a Royal Chef to preserve, prepare, and serve the choicest tidbits of the slaughtered U.S. Worker to whichever Prince or Emir that has ordered this particular hit. Therefore, JOHN WICK 3 serves as a fair warning to these malicious miscreants that "What goes around, comes around!" After the many positive reviews I decided to go see it for myself and believe me I was not disappointed at all. The choreography of the fight scenes is world class, some of the scenes had me literally gasping in shock. The comedic violence was also very funny and did not seem forced at all. However if you are a person that is unable to handle blood and gore this might not be your cup of tea. I had trouble getting involved with the previous incarnations. They were bookmarked on my HBOGO for months but it just never took. 10 minutes trying and I always switched over to youtube or something else.<br/><br/>I went to see this because I snuck into the theater after seeing Godzilla. I had nothing to lose since I already put my $6 AMC Tuesday deal to function on the monster movie - which I thought kinda sucked.<br/><br/>From the first scene to the last, I was surprised and entertained the whole way through. The killing and maiming is over the top and fresh - but not in the annoying. cloying Tarantino way. How many times can I watch a guy get knifed in the face? A lot, apparently. It doesn't really get old, as the director here shows us.<br/><br/>Keanu is a great action star and most of the bad guys do it well. The worst part of the movie - and I think that 90 percent of the people will agree - was the part of the Adjudicator. I rarely think about casting but that actor was absolutely terrible. Even the bad guys have to have charisma. But this actor was so ineffective, annoying, drab, boring. Her monotone voice did not give the impression of casual indifference to death and destruction - it gave the impression that the casting director is an unbelievable idiot. Is she famous and that's why she got the part? Her scenes were the worst part about this movie, for sure. Do I need to go on? Also, Lawrence Fishburn was kind of unnecessary but I'm not going to complain about that as much. Not sure if it loses one star or two because of the dumb adjudicator.<br/><br/>Great action movie. Definitely recommend. Tbh..Loved it even though it had some serious flaws ðŸ˜… So, following the catch up work I did rewatching the first two, I saw "John Wick 3" a couple of weeks back, these are my thoughts.<br/><br/>Excommunicated by the Assassin community for committing a murder on the grounds of The Continental and with an extensive bounty on his head, John Wick runs for his life. He attempts to get out of New York with every crack assassin in the city (even the world) out to get him.<br/><br/>I have to say, as much as I love the John Wick series at times, during this one, it's starts to become a bit too much, particularly after watching the previous two relatively recently. The opening stuff is phenomenal; the scenes as he tries to escape New York are some of the most inventive stuff in the whole series. However, repetition starts to creep into the fights, particularly towards the end as, for example, the film wrings the full benefits out of its expensive glass set by having Wick crash through each of the (what seems like) 15 display cases there. Don't get me wrong, even in those concluding scenes there is some glorious invention - the soldiers in the impregnable suits that are only stunned by bullets is incredible. I am here for the violence, really I am, but three films in less is starting to be more.<br/><br/>It's also too long maybe as much 30 minutes too long and it's hard not to think that it's the Casablanca scenes that are the ones that pad the run time. The dog attack scenes are OK, but stretch the credibility at bit as the stuntmen involved have to wait and in some cases visibly hold out limbs for the dogs to get at. The whole section seems to be pointing towards Wick having to make a difficult choice in order to get his life back, but when that choice comes we don't spend nearly enough time with Wick's decision making to actually care about it.<br/><br/>Overall, I still enjoyed the film and I'll be back for Chapter four but I do hope that it's tighter and cleverer that this entry. Great movie, great action and great storyline. It's so hard to make a movie with action fighting because of Superheroes Movies, But John Wick? Can make it Si vis pacem, para bellum John wick the best.... Keanu you're always the best. John Wick Chapter 3 proves that this franchise is still going strong. Here are the negatives. Some lines of dialogue feel kind of weird. Asia Kate Dillon's performance felt really wooden and she never showed a lot of emotion. There are sequences where John Wick and another character are talking and all of a sudden they start talking in a different language and then switch back to English. It does start to get annoying. My last problem would be that I think Halle Berry was way underused. Here are the positives. Keanu Reeves does a fantastic job. He has done an outstanding job in each of these films but he did a lot better in this one. Laurence Fishburne and Halle Berry also do a fantastic job. The rest of the supporting cast does a great job. The standout for all the John Wick movies is the action. It's no different here. The action is awesome. It's hard to believe that Keanu Reeves is actually doing all of these stunts. The John Wick movies are basically 2 hours of dumb fun action. Each fight scene has some sort of unique flare to it that makes the scene interesting to watch. The cinematography is pretty good in this film also. Each action scene is shot differently and it makes those scenes ten times cooler. There is a cool long take action scene on a bridge. The score for the film is good. It's not outstanding, it's just good. The story is interesting also. We get to learn a lot more about where John Wick learned to fight and it's very interesting. There are a couple of jokes that did manage to get a chuckle or two out of me. The locations used in this film are really cool such as Casablanca and New York City. It's good to see these different environments in this film. The film is paced really well and the tone remains consistent most of the time. Before you see this film, you must watch the first two John Wick films or you will be confused. Overall, John Wick Chapter 3 - Parabellum provides more hard hitting action with great acting and solid worldbuilding. I give John Wick Chapter 3 - Parabellum an 8/10. This has to go on the list of the Best Action Movies of All Time.<br/><br/>This is the first JOHN WICK I've seen in theaters, and boy was that a fun experience. The audience loved it - whooping for every cool kill, gasping at every horrible detail, and laughing at Wick's ridiculously simple dialogue.<br/><br/>While I give it a lot of credit for not suffering from 3rd-film-fatigue, it does nothing to elevate the franchise to another level. I give all 3 films the exact same score. But that said - if John Wick 4 is as good as the first 3, I am IN.<br/><br/>NOTE: I strongly suggest watching the first two films before enjoying this one. The big review for John Wick 3:<br/><br/>Well the short version anyway, since the other has been submitted for another outlet.<br/><br/>The movie seems to be in segments or acts.
Act 1 is a series of escape fights
Act 2 is a back story delve, a setup for movie #4, maybe
Act 3 is a search (appeal)
Act 4 is Boss fight (classic RAID boss)
Epilogue is definitely a setup for movie #4, which you had to know was coming since Parabellum = "prepare for war"<br/><br/>Ya, it is a formula and it is done really well for the genre with great fight choreography and visual design. Even Halley Berry comes across as semi-believable.
Keanu is starting to show his age at a few point and not as quick as he used to be.
As with most of the films in the genre, it suffers from Magic- clips, which only seem to be changed as punctuation to the action rather than a necessity. I will give the director points for scattering a few moments of focus on mitigating it with shots of speed loading techniques during non-critical moments.<br/><br/>Fight Stuttering: At several points the opponents are clearly waiting for Keanu to make the next move, and I blame the stunt guy and fight choreographer for those moments. They got highly skilled fight performers (very quick moves). At moment the pace of the fight stutters, deviating from what looks good on camera.
Hand to Hand: Certainly not Donnie Yen level which the performers seem trained for, but still well above the usual US action movie fair like that Mercenary Tough-guy trilogy which I also like.
Special credit for a knife throwing sequence where it takes several thrown knives to drop attackers, instead of the magic one killing instantly.<br/><br/>The dialogue for the most part works and serves to keep the story moving, until Act 4 where the writers seem to wander with the 'Fan-boy' Ninja antagonist, a part which seems to have been cut down for length, or not working like they wanted.<br/><br/>Some improves for #4 would be not to dwell on action sequences (a rule that was broken during the Boss fight), that is the Strength of the John Wick Series. One word; Violence, one might even say excessive violence. But what can you expect? Keanu Reeves, once again delivers his own version of an assassin, the movie would be so different with another lead, that's for sure. Such a great man and a good film, but maybe don't watch it with your kids you know. Gave this a 9 out of 10,people rating it very low don't understand what the John wick series is about,it's about escaping reality and watching a film about guns,fights,action,guns,fights,action if you want serious storylines go and watch a film like the aftermath if you want a nice cuddly non violent film go see men in Black, SO AMAZING THAT IVE WATCHED IT 3 TIMES THE ACTION IS BAD ASS AND BRUTAL AND THE ACTING IS GOOD AND WHAT JOHN WICK 3 DOESN'T DO WHAT MOST FILMS DO IS FOLLOW UP STRAIGHT FROM THE PREQUEL I RECOMMEND WATCHING IT IN ORDER BECAUSE YOU CAN ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND THE STORY<br/><br/>CANT WAIT FOR CHAPTER 4 Keanu Reeves awesome solo style and his dedication to the genre resulted in such a masterpiece...all actors are so well defined.. every sequel evolved so exponentially...well deserved praise... Finally, action movie Worth to watch again and again...ðŸ¤› If you've seen John Wick 1 and 2, then you know what you're going to get and that is action, fighting, and shooting. The choreography of the fight scenes were innovative and very well done. Often a fight scene will last for what felt like 2 minutes without a camera break - that takes so much practice.<br/><br/>Possibly the best of the series in terms of action but the weakest in terms of storyline. Not too much depth in terms of plot, but the story was pretty obvious and executed well. The best part of this film was the chemistry between several characters and Wick.<br/><br/>The film is anything but flawless, but bottom line - if you l8ked the first 2 Wick films, you will like this one. Nice movie but not really original the movie as pore scene or the repetitive scene ! But not bad .
Bon film mais manque d'originalitÃ© plusieurs longueurs mais quand mÃªme bon Ã  voir ! This film consecrates Keanu in the highest, Parabellum is one of the best films of recent times. Haven't seen it yet but I'm sure it's great. This review is to short. Slurp slurp slurp juice I'm a see this film soon but I'm busy I had a good experience with this movie, as I did with all 3. However I do think it was the weakest of the so-far trilogy when it comes to story (though these movies aren't really meant to be watched for story). But, at least in the other movies I was intrigued by the plot, where in this one I just found myself waiting for the next fight scene to go down.<br/><br/>It also struggles in that the best fight scenes happen in the beginning of the movie. The creative kill in the library against NBA's Boban Marjonovic, the stable fight using horses was non sensical but amazing, and my favorite, the glass cases filled with knives were great, I thought if the rest of the movie just does this it'll be the best one yet. However I think after that they start to falter.<br/><br/>John fighting with Halle Barry's character had a lot of great gun fu, but I realized there that im really only interested in seeing Keanu Reeves take down the red shirts. Every time it went to Halle Barry (although she executed her scenes beautifully) I just wanted it to go back to our protagonist's famous headshots and takedowns. The fights also suffer where the other 2 movies didn't as much when John fights 2 opponents at a time, he hits one and he's stunned for a minute rolling in the background as the other attacks him, then stuns that one and the other guy gets back up to attack again.<br/><br/>Also, the scenes where assassins that work together in stealth to slice up guys for the high table woman were so cool, but when it came time for Wick to fight them it was a bit underwhelming. It felt our protagonist was making mistakes during the fight for the sake of the plot and didn't flow as well as it should've, where instead of showing him start to get tired and faltering, he really should've been going all out against these other fantastic physical actors in the final fights against the 2 groups of shinobis for the climax of fight scenes.<br/><br/>I was also not expecting to laugh as much as I did, the humor was subtle and didn't suffer from the marvel humor that action movies keep recycling that goes on for too long.<br/><br/>I'll probably like this movie more when I see it a second time. The story is missing the simplicity of the first, and missing Common from the second (was really expecting to see him come back in this one). I'm still super excited for the 4th and hope they keep pumping out these out until immortal Keanu is finally returns to wherever he came from. Many More John Wicks to come... great plot, theme and climax. Mr Wick always finds a new way to kill in his movies, I Love it! Would see it multiple times if theaters were free. The filmmakers of John Wick: Chapter 3 are well aware of how good their film looks. The credits at the end of the film play over a ballet montage, a fitting tribute to the stylish combat we've just witnessed. One of Wick's opponents asks him to confirm that "the fight was pretty good"; Wick growls back a "yeah". Self-awareness aside, there's really nothing to criticize here. John Wick 3 contains simply the best choreography I've ever seen. The stunt work is brilliant, and the actors collide in ways that go beyond merely satisfying to also feel right in every moment. It's perfectly convincing: there's a new standard for directing action scenes and we can only hope future directors take notes.<br/><br/>All of the action is greatly enhanced by the brilliant camerawork and beautiful cinematography. Both are among the best I've seen in an action film. It's common to hear complaints about modern action scenes being muddled or ugly. There's none of that here. These scenes were perfectly edited. The physical layout of each location was fully established and the cuts were just fast enough to increase my heart rate without becoming confusing. I knew where all of the principals were the entire time. As all this suggests, when it comes to the execution of the action portions of the film, the third entry in this series is superb and even better than the first two. The set pieces are consistently clever, too, such as when an on-the-run Wick ducks into a museum of antique weapons.<br/><br/>So if you're after more Wick, you'll probably enjoy this film. However, I also want to talk about how part of it didn't work for me. I'm sure some will see it differently; the difficulty is that what works is something that varies quite a bit from person to person. That said, one thing I really liked about the first two films in the series is how fun they were. The first two Wick films were situated about halfway between your standard light-hearted action fare and the sort of wild action thriller I'm talking about. This film is darker and more violent. There are plenty of films that redeem a bunch of over-the-top action violence by portraying it in a kind of goofy or winking way; films I love like Mandy or many films by Quentin Tarantino fit this category. Wick 3 has the over-the-top action, but it doesn't wink at you during these scenes.<br/><br/>This isn't reflected in its rating in the United States (the MPAA knows no nuance), but in British Columbia (Canada) the new film goes from a 14A to an 18A. The Wick series is not a beast of drama or complexity: any wrinkles in the story are in the service of entertainment. So I question the writing decision to move the series in the direction of fairly horrific killings and mutilations. These moments are mostly not fun. They're not cases of the movie elbowing you and saying, "hey, isn't this the kind of thing that only a movie can do?", as Tarantino does in Django Unchained.<br/><br/>So I'd have preferred the movie to be just as wild and well-made as it turned out to be, but a touch more light-hearted as well. You can have all the brilliant filmmaking you'd like, but the movie still has to work as entertainment, and in that regard it slips a bit compared to the previous two films. When parts of an action film stop being fun, it starts to drag, and I was ready for it to wrap up about 30 minutes before it ended. I'm sure there are people for whom the film in its entirety will work, and that's great. For me, however, it wasn't quite the fun ride of the first two. John Wick 3 is exceedingly and vivaciously more violent and gory than its predecessors and it's mythic lore may be getting increasingly ridiculous, but the movie is tongue-n-cheek. It is a gleefully and beautifully choreographed action film. It is a meditation on violence. An art exhibit of brutal revenge and consequences. John Wick is like .... another era same as MCU (Just Considering, Not true). While an Era of MCU "The Infinity Saga" is ended, We got another Era with Action, Adventure, Anger, Reality, Love, Hate, Throne, Justice & Who's the real Boss?<br/><br/>I guess they'll try to make bunch of movies like 7 or 8.... I won't mind watching it all, all over again.... I will watch anything with Keanu Reeves and give it a 10/10 In this modern age of gigantic blockbusters being the only real successful action films the John Wick series is a marvel (...no pun intended). John Wick is the lone bright spot in the mid-budget action genre that stands out among the crowd. We're in an era where Jason Statham and Liam Neeson release 1-2 generic action films a year with the odd gem intermixed (The Grey is amazing), but somehow Keanu Reeves' titular John Wick stands at the head of the crowd - while also putting a bullet through the skull of all who stand in his way.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (...I'll just call it John Wick 3 for short) is what was originally rumored to be the climax of the John Wick saga; a series that it was widely reported that several people in the production were afraid it would overstay its welcome. John Wick 3 isn't the end of Wick's story; though the end is in sight. Director Chad Stahelski instead uses John Wick 3 to set up what promises to be a highly entertaining finale to the series; John Wick 3 is definitely worth the watch but it might disappoint anyone who expected a firm conclusion.<br/><br/>Following the events of John Wick: Chapter 2 where Wick killed a member of the High Table on Continental grounds, Wick is declared Excomunicado and has his Continental privileges revoked while also having a High Table endorsed $14-million bounty on his head. Wick must then fight his way through New York with no Continental safe-harbor, hundreds of assassins hunting him, and seemingly no hope. Meanwhile the High Table has sent an Adjudicator to pass judgment on Wick's allies who helped him kill and walk away from his murder of a member of the High Table. Will Wick make it out alive? What does the High Table have planned? Well, there's a John Wick 4 coming so you can guess part of that.<br/><br/>I find that John Wick 3 is the first time this series has actually dealt with the entire world of this assassin order, and it makes for a much more interesting film. The High Table was brought up in Chapter 2, but here it is this unstoppable force that binds the universe and dispenses punishment that most are too afraid to resist. The line "rules and consequences" is repeated throughout by many characters; the bill comes due, always. Most consequences involve those who have dealt with John Wick, whose own "angel of death" mantra now applies to those who dared to help him. It was lightly touched on in Chapter 2 where Wick's past came back to bite him in the ass, but in Chapter 3 it seems that no one is safe from the harm that simply being associated with John Wick incurs. It's a neat development for the series: the world finally starts to fully take shape.<br/><br/>I wish to cut down the fears of those that had doubt that the series could keep up its torrid pace: John Wick 3 continues the series' trademark stylized action set pieces in glorious and unexpected fashion. This series rivals the Mission: Impossible films in terms of somehow providing you with things you've never seen before. While one might have expected the series to somehow have Wick headshot his way to the top of the Statue Of Liberty, it instead remains grounded; though there are sets in this movie that are astoundingly beautiful to just look at. The cinematography and sets are still top-rate and really do cement this as the best series of action films to just look at and enjoy. Helping matters this time is that Wick actually has some help in some of the fight scenes so it ups the ante with Wick fighting alongside people who also can kick ass; Halle Berry and her pair of pups are by far the standout.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves remains his gloriously stoic self as his bodycount reaches the hundreds. At this point Wick might have surpassed Neo as the iconic Reeves character; with a few emotional scenes highlighting the inner struggle that Wick faces throughout the carnage. Reeves' ability to perform such intense action scenes while remaining as, well, Wickian as he is is perhaps the most underrated part of this film. Ian McShane gets a lot more time to chew the scenery as Winston in his vaguely maniacal hotel owner role - long overdue if I say so myself for his role to become central to the plot. Lance Reddick finally gets to do things in this film as Continental concierge Charon, and as a Reddick fan I am appreciative of him finally getting a chance to kick ass. Lawrence Fishboure returns as well for another cameo and my word do I want to see a film about The Bowery King and his pigeon armada. Most of the new characters fit well in this world, with the highlights being Halle Berry's Sofia and Mark Dacascos' Zero getting the most deserved attention. However, I feel there is one addition that detracts from the whole.<br/><br/>The biggest distraction in John Wick 3 is Asia Kate Dillon's performance as the Adjudicator. She looks the part of some cocky, evil judge and jury; but she lacks the finish as an executioner. Dillon's voice and body language don't intimidate at all in a role that I feel should have gone to someone like Tilda Swinton, Lena Heady, or Lauren Cohen - you know, actors who naturally intimidate you. All the other pieces fit perfectly in this world - hell Angelica Huston's Ruska Roma ballerina assassin teacher even makes sense - Dillion just feels like an actor desperately trying to channel something that doesn't come naturally to them. The Adjudicator's only defense seems to be that she knows that she can't be harmed, lest the High Table take action; this makes her as imposing as your boss's nephew. She's essentially the main antagonist on paper, and her lack of presence hurts the film in ways that could have been avoided. Santino D'Antonio in Chapter 2 was similar but at least he had the slimey, charismatic personality to add to the performance; you feared him because he himself showed the power he had control over. Maybe if they had her doing anything remotely intimidating it would work better, but instead she has hired goons do her dirty work out of the fear of the High Table's power, not herself; and the goons are a thousand times more awesome than her!<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is easy to recommend to fans of the series, or fans of action in general; but it did leave me wanting more in an annoying way. John Wick 3 might be the best of the series, but it also is the one that left me feeling the most empty. Large parts of John Wick 3 seem like they are color to fill out the world but remain pointless and could have easily been cut out in favor of delivering a satisfying story. The Ruska Roma part for example only adds flavor to the universe as well as fills in a tad of Wick's backstory, but you could cut those 10 minutes and lose nothing (note: yes I know of the rumored Ballerina film that this segment might have loosely set up, but my point remains). At the end of John Wick 3 it sets up a film that I honestly thought that John Wick 2 had set up - it's a fun ride but it feels like it went back to where we started.<br/><br/>John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum delivers yet another cavalcade of headshots and beautifully choreographed action set pieces that are among the greatest in modern action cinema. Any fan of action cinema will not be disappointed in spending 2-hours sitting back and having Wick showcase just why he is so feared. The only letdown is that it doesn't conclude the promised "trilogy" but rather sets up another film - a film that I suspect every Wick fan will see opening weekend in a few years. In a way John Wick 3 is the Avengers: Infinity War of the Wick universe, and we all know how amazing Endgame turned out to be... John Wick Chapter 3- Parabellum was everything a John WIck fan could have wanted. The action in this movie is astounding. The first 25 minutes of this film were the best and it included a knife fight that was jaw dropping and some horse kicks that were flat out awesome. My only issues of this film were the incredibly unrealistic survivals of Bowery (Laurence Fishburne), and John Wick. Bowery was ordered to be cut 7 times for the 7 bullets he gifted to John Wick in Chapter 2 by the High Table. After recieving these cuts, Bowery appears to go limp and tumble over, but is shown alive and well at the end of the movie. As for John Wick, he takes a fall off of The Continental towards the end of the film and hits both a fire escape and the ground at about 100 mph...and LIVES. Just minor "only in a movie" events but it was just to much for me.
Chapter 4 will be made, and I am finding it hard to see how this series will come to an end if the characters can't die.
Still surely worth the watch and the Blu-Ray purchase. Didnt really remember if i already review the two movie before this. i loved the first one. but not the second movie.
but this one was a really good comeback, dude it was so good. non stop action, just before i think action movie fight scene can't get any other fight move this movie give me something fresh. and i've see a lot of fight scene.<br/><br/>the cinematograpy, oh god. what light. what a portion. you get a lot of really great shoot from begining to the end. with much different color and different power.<br/><br/>and yeah we still got a really good story, and potential good story. The fighting scenes in the movie is really creative. You can enjoy each second. I loved the movie This movie is just non stop action and if you are down for an action movie then you are watching one of the best ones out there. The fighting scenes are really well choreographed. Certain moments contain cheesy humour but you'll like it. Enjoy. Oh and Halle Berry is really dope in this movie as well. Simply put, I can't watch another action scene without comparing it to John Wick 3. I can't even imagine it looking more realistic and deadly than this. The gunshots are still ringing in my ears. All of the effects were perfect. Worth seeing in theaters. BEST ACTION MOVIE EVER MADE - The story isn't the greatest though. This movie was the first two but more! It included all the action with some way more creative kills. The humor was great and so was the plot line. It takes off right where it should and we learn new things behind Wick and the people who helped him. This movie is full of action and is a brilliant sequel imo. From the gunfights to martial arts, it is truly amazing. The choreographers did a great job, and the little to no use of stuntmen is great. The story is simple, you don't really need to understand the story to enjoy the movie, the action alone is worth enough to watch this movie. The gore is alright, but it might be too much for some of you. Some fight scenes are hilarious in a good way, and that's just an icing on the cake. I truly reccomend this. Keanu Reeves still has yet to stop amazing me! He has once again shown that he gives 100% to the most physical performance of his career since The Matrix. John Wick, imo, is the best thing to happen to his career entirely! NOBODY can replace Reeves as Wick, because Keanu Reeves is John Wick and John Wick is Keanu Reeves!<br/><br/>John Wick 3 for the third time in a row has nailed its unique gritty yet flashy fighting style, gun fu, beautiful camera work, amazing stunt work, beautiful cinematography, overall amazing visual and coloring, and IMMERSIVE fight sequences, and believe me, there are A BUNCH of them..... Usually in fight scenes, a fight is at least 2 minutes long, but almost every fight scene is several minutes long, and that is not something easy to pull off without being boring! There is not once frame of boredom in this movie, especially in the fight scenes, whether it be hand-to-hand or gun fighting. John Wick does a lot of different things in this movie that he has not done in the past movie, and one thing I really like about this movie is that it shows that he is still a human being, he is no super human, he is just a flesh and blood human mortal under that suit filled with bullet resistant armor. He does get wrecked quite a bit in this movie, allowing the audience to get that feeling that he really is in danger and can be beaten down.<br/><br/>During this movie, there is a lot of subtle comedy spread throughout, specially in fight scenes, and I really felt that was a nice touch and fit, to add more uniqueness to this movie. Mark Dacascos also does GREAT in this. He is also unexpectedly goofy in this movie as well, but is did work VERY well!<br/><br/>Halle Berry makes an appearance in this movie, that is rather a small part, still makes her time on screen TOTALLY worth it.... She shows that she went through similar training that Keanu did for these movies and she really kills it, along with her two dogs!<br/><br/>While this movie continues to amaze with Keanu's performace and complete commitment to John Wick, the story is, while not bad, it is not entirely in your face, like parts 1 and 2 were. Yes, the premise is there and is well executed, John has to survive his excommunicado after spilling blood in the Continental hotel in part 2, there is more to the story that I feel should have had more oomph to it, more energy. The story is there, just doesn't feel as strong as parts 1 and 2. And the conclusion to this movie is, while not bad or awful, is nowhere near as good or badass as the conclusion in part 2, with John running away with his dog. There are also some scenes, while not boring, at the same time, feel a bit fuller. They are clearly part of the story, but while these scenes are happening, they feel dialed down, and how the scenes are executed, not the right feel for this movie. Thankfully, Reeves' performance makes up for it!<br/><br/>This is more of a nitpick, but Common is not in this. He is nowhere at all in this movie and that is kind of a bummer. He felt like an important character in part 2, and was nonexistent in part 3. Also, John Leguizamo isn't in this either. Neither is Jimmy. Would have been nice if these guys had involvement in this movie somehow.<br/><br/>Overall: 8.5/10. While not as strong as the first two, story-wise, John Wick 3 continues to impress with very much so everything else! The audience will be very immersed with this one! Hopefully part 2 will be an immersion as well! John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum offers almost nonstop violence. The choreography of this violence is often creative and technically executed at the highest levels. The plot is thin but offers enough to be engaging. The cast is outstanding, especially Keanu Reeves. Even the dogs turn in good performances. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (2019)<br/><br/>In this third installment of the adrenaline-fueled action franchise, skilled assassin John Wick (Keanu Reeves) returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin's guild, the High Table, John Wick is excommunicado, but the world's most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn. I finally got to watch John Wick and I have to say, this is the best one yet. I would rank this #1 and then John Wick,and then John Wick Chapter 2 at last. All three are great movies tho. John Wick 3 has nonstop action and an amazing twist! I swear, this movie is insane. They really upped the action and showed us John's motifs and why he wanted to live. This built up his character alot. I am really satisfied with what they are doing and I hope they continue to do so! Great Work KEANU and to the rest of the cast and crew! ....and AMAZING for it! Keanu moves like a ninja and there are so many subtle nods to martial arts movies of times past.<br/><br/>Cannot wait for more of these movies. Gonna go home and watch the Raid now!! Well what can I say apart from knowing this was going to be just as good as the other John Wick films from start to finish. Great action scenes although at times a bit far fetched but still a good film up there with the likes of Taken if not better. Superb scenes, full of action and amazing choreography, weak story though. The best action scenes never filmed or imagined before. It meets with the audience satisfaction and expectations. Do not bring your girlfriend or kid to watch this though, you might be giving them ideas on how to end your life ðŸ‘Œ So I must admit I had no desire to ever see any of the John wick films. They just seemed too ridiculous. But after I saw that a 3rd installment being advertised, along with the insanely high IMD scores of its predecessors, I figured I should give them a try.<br/><br/>After watching the first two and then going to see the third installment all within a week I can honestly say that the John wick series is fantastic!! It is campy, cheesy, action packed, beautifully filmed, amazingly choreographed, and hilarious!! Literally the entire theater was laughing which is a rarity even for some comedies. These movies are in no way comedies, nor are they trying to be, but the humor is flawlessly timed and truly perfect.<br/><br/>Anyway, this is, in my opinion, the best John wick film yet. It is great fun, and a crazy wild ride. Definitely not for kids!! But a great time for adults. This was the best entry yet into the franchise, it explained and unveiled so much more of the Wick universe. It is more brutal and creative with the kills. Reeves and Berry's fighting scenes were off the charts and for every pet lovers out there. The scenes with the dogs a mind-blowing. You must see it. 8/10 The story is filled with tension from the very beginning. Action, dialogue, cinematography -very intense - very good. Only slight down side is that this feels more like a middle movie, and I feel as though by now we should have had at least one or two more "new buddies" team with John at the end - even though that is the theme that he's alone and he can do all the ass kicking on his own. Perhaps we can save it for the next one.<br/><br/>I will not downplay Charons character though. In my viewing the audience cheered him on, and bursted out laughing when John complained to him about needing more fire power, and his reply was "Armor piercing". And yes I understand it's a John Wick movie titled John Wick but Sofia could have come back on her own at the end if not a new "old friend" who maybe is not so old. The franchise has enough attention grabbing qualities that we for sure will get another movie. So count me in for the next one with popcorn and applause. Take every action film you've ever seen and then you'll be close to John Wicks chapter 3 The image processing was superb as the story goes back and forth between the characters Interesting world created by the makers of the movie. Other than that, relentless, inventive action scenes. However, action was better in the first half namely the book fight scene , dagger fight scene and the one with the dogs. Enjoyed the movie thoroughly but ending was a bit dissatisfying. It's cool from the beginning to almost the end. The scenes are gripping and all that, but the ending Got me a little.
Other than that its John wick doing what he does Best ;) One of the best action movies. And Keanu Reeves acting is absolutely brilliant.<br/><br/>The 2 year wait for the next episode will be torture.<br/><br/>Spoilers<br/><br/>The action sequence with Halle Berry was beautifully choreographed. Yet another pur Master piece from Keanu Reeve
While watching it I couldn't move from my seat
I was so in to the movie all the action stunts were super awesome and very properly performed and timed
Hope to see for from this Frenchies Finally a proper action movie! Most of the times when a movie becomes a sequel, the second or third or fourth sequel is not as good as the first. In my opinion, John Wick Chapter 3 tops the previous two. A brilliantly directed masterpiece! John Wick 3- Parabellum, Even more action then John Wick 2, No dull boring scenes that drag on for too long or try to explain too much, Non stop action from beginning to end, You won't be disappointed!! Dialogue, shoot, kill, knife kill, kill, dialogue, shoot, kill, laugh, shoot, kill, kill and dialogue.<br/><br/>The story balances out all of the killing and laughing.<br/><br/>I reckon they should do a side movie: John Wick vs Chuck Norris. Enredo 9.4
Fotografia 9.5
Sonoplastia 9.1
DireÃ§Ã£o de Arte 9.2
AtuaÃ§Ã£o 8.5
Efeitos 9.3 Blam. blam. blam. blam. thud. thud. blam. repeat. blam. blam. smash. neon. rain. blam. woof. woof. blam. blam. betrayal. telephone call. blam blam blam... chase... smash. blam... blam... irony... fade Broadly typical of its genre but with a subtle difference - a reasonably decent script. The bad guys are suitably bad, the good guys are suitably good and the various doggies and horses get through unscathed. It is the only time (other than a football match) that I have had no control of my legs. Bring on No 4!! I liked how the movie shifted to exhibit John wicks hand to hand combat skills more than his firearm shooting abilities, which is usually the main skill portrayed in his other two movies. Illustrating that John wick really can do everything in terms of being an assassin however the movie did place excellent limitations on the character through his age and his ability to get worn down from fatigue and pain. 335. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. The story about a boy and his doggy continues, and it was pretty damn sweet!! So remember in part two, Johnny kills someone who sits on the High Table at the Continental and that has made him a marked man, and so every hitman out there wants a piece of the action and John is more than happy to accept the challenges and helps their brains exit the back of their skulls. A pretty awesome flick that keeps the action coming and shows no signs of slowing down! Opening up whole new criminal organizations that Mr Wick can kill one individual at a time, and I can't wait! One complaint though... Halle Berry not in it enough... but when she was, she kicked some ass!! Cool flick!! Filmbufftim on FB If you enjoyed 1 and 2 the Parabellum does not disappoint.<br/><br/>It starts of just where the 2nd left off and its jumps straight in with action and some great fight scenes with a lot of killing.<br/><br/>Its pretty much action through out with a few bits where the story has a build up to other events.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are really raw and gritty, exactly what you expect of John Wick and the story in this film is all about the consequences of the decisions of the previous films.<br/><br/>Some comedy is also added with one of the assassins which makes it so much better.<br/><br/>Go and watch it you will not be disappointed or bored. Always a fan of keanu reeves, though some people don't appreciate his silent face acting skills. Well thats a good acting! Over expressions or unnecessary overacting is what people like nowadays.. But this is what is needed to impress me. And it did, that it.. As the third installment in the electrifying series, the film has proved that each John wick continues to be better than the last. With breathtaking sound effects and incredibly realistic action sequences, you find yourself wanting more when you're finished watching, especially with actors that seem to fit their roles impeccably well.<br/><br/>John Wick, Chapter 3 begins right where John Wick Chapter 2 left off. We find the man himself, John Wick (Keanu Reeves) being put under the clock to heal up, get supplies, and be prepared for the order of assassination placed on his head which starts at 14 million dollars. The beginning boasts some incredible action sequences which include a fight with a library book, a fight in a knife display room, and a chase seen which captures Wick riding a horse through New York City while avoiding gunshots and attacks from motorcyclists. All of these things happen within the first 45 minutes of the film. The movies plot takes a unique turn as well and transitions from focusing on john wick surviving his assassination to a rising rebellion against the "high table," the group that runs the assassination organization. Watch, as John has to go from dealing with his own assassination to getting revenge on the organization willing to hurt and kill his closest friends.<br/><br/>When watching the film in the comfy movie seats with popcorn in hand, expecting another john wick with great action sequences and a so-so plot, there was one thing that stuck out that I was not expecting to be such in impactful part of the film; the realistic sound was beyond anything I had ever heard. With every gun shot, a realistic and loud "bang" noise is made that vibrates your seat in the theater. This immersive experience is something that carries throughout the entire film through every gun shot.<br/><br/>Every action sequence in the film has its own unique touches and they all feel different. With so many great moments in the film, these intense and riveting action sequences make up for the plot lacking any kind of serious morals. One of the action scenes that stood out to me was with John Wick and Sophia (Halle Berry). Sophia has dogs in the film which aid in fighting and are a crucial part of the action sequence. The camera rapidity pans from one of the dogs taking down one of the gunman to John Wick fighting somebody else. In a part of this sequence, there is a moment where John and one of the assassins both need to reload their weapons. They simultaneously drop their used bullet cartridges from their guns and both put their new cartridges in at the same time but then john wick is able to reset his weapon faster and shoot the other assassin before he can finish resetting his weapon. The shot had some incredible directing with both people doing the same hand motions in parallel together until John is able to finish faster and shoots the other. This scene, along with many others in the film, was the kind of scene that makes you say "that was awesome."<br/><br/>Another aspect of the film that stood out was how well the actors fit their roles. Keanu Reeves is not particularly a top notch actor, he often times overacts, and is too serious in his films. Where that would not work in something like a disney film, It works perfectly here. Reeves fits the role perfectly as a serious, brooding assassin who knows what is necessary to complete a film. many of the uncut sequences in the film are only possible because Reeves is able to reload and shoot weapons and make it look like he knows what he is doing. An actor with similar skills is Tom Cruise, in his Mission Impossible movies. Both Reeves and Cruise perform most of their own action scenes and don't have stunt doubles.<br/><br/>The John Wick franchise is something that brings a new and fresh experience to cinema with its realistic action sequences, superb sound editing, and actors that continuously fit the roles they play. I can't help but feeling that this is just the beginning for John Wick despite it being the third film in the franchise. They ticked almost every box conceivable for this film, aside from some minor issues and nitpicks this movie is my MOTY bar none, and i've seen plenty this year.<br/><br/>My only concern is the end of this film and the end of the previous one were a bit contradictory, i was under the impression that John Wicks goal at the end of the 2nd was to achieve more or less exactly what he was suddenly just agreeing to with Lawrence Fishbourne at the end of 3, i am only concerned that the 4th installment wont be logically consistent and will struggle to immerse viewers into the film as the Wick franchise will start to stagnate and rehash its own storylines.<br/><br/>The casting was great, the action was truly 10/10, the inclusion of well loved martial arts and action movie actors that are still c-list in Hollywood, so they aren't too expensive to hire, won't take away from the immersion via their inclusion, and will still put in the effort to work hard and put on a great show, was VERY appreciated, loved seeing anyone from movies like The Raid/The Raid 2.<br/><br/>Go see it, it's amazing, gritty, uncompromising violence as art. What I liked about the first part was its simplicity and to an extent the grit of the main character in light of his grief. The story of a lonely guy moving on from its past and brought back due to injustice into the bad world again, is a story told many times across the times from westerns, martial arts and mafia flicks, and I have to say it has its appeal. However in effort to continue the franchise it has pushed the story to the edge of being irrational, and unnecessarily from a normal to a parallel world, where half the world is filled with assassins and entirely controlled by an organization. In attempt to create a parallel world the story is the first casualty and becomes incoherent, making it painfully shallow. The action sequences especially the hand to hand fights are choreographed very well and takes it as far as it can (pleasant to see some of the indonesian fighters from Raid), the gunfights appear to be completely unrealistic and bordering video game territory where John wick kills hundreds without getting a single shot. By the end of it as you realize that it stretches for another part and may not be concluded any time soon as long as it makes money, like john wick you are left angry too. I cant be the only one who see wicks movies as comics? This just the movie i needed after endgame Let me get this out of the way; This movie is good. I wanted to say that because I've seen a lot of really positive reactions to this movie, and I didn't want my review to come across as a negative review. But, because I'm talking negatives, I guess I'll get into my biggest issue with this movie.<br/><br/>When I look at an action movie, one that's passable will have decent action with a passable story. Looking at the end of the second one, the movie already had the set up for a very simple but effective story; John Wick must escape New York. However, Chapter 3 goes a little more into the world of John Wick, which in concept sounds cool, but not so much in execution. The second act of this movie is bogged down by an exploration of the world that feels the same to what we've already seen. The whole segment is never as good as the first and third act, which brings me back into the positives.<br/><br/>Easily the best part of this movie is the first 20 minutes. The action is incredible and it's a nonstop thrill ride, something I wanted for the whole movie. Even when it gets into the second act, the action remains solid, and that transfers into the third act. Of course, that's really what you're going to this movie for. The preformences are all fine enough(concierge is still my favorite part), and while Keanu Reaves isn't known for his great acting, he still delivers a solid preference because of his dedication to the action sequences. Also, I think this goes without saying, but the cinematography is pretty good.<br/><br/>I think this movie is definitely worth seeing, but I couldn't get behind it as much as others have. I give it a 7/10. You always know how you feel after coming out of the cinema, this continues nicely from previous movie, some new action sequences were really good with the downtown horses scene and in Marrakesh with John Wicks hit woman pal Sofia's trained dogs was new and great action sequence but to walk in to a desert to seek forgiveness from his elders was pointless setting, as much as action is great I felt story could be greater and ending could of been a better twist / plot but fight sequence and shootout with hotel manager was great! Brilliant balls-to-the-wall (I don't know what this means) action, I can't believe they've kept the series fresh. I thought this was very good I thought it was much better than the first and second John Wick is proving itself to be a masterful franchise in action cinema; it takes gun-fu, martial arts and car-chases to a whole new level. Its neon lighting is spectacular and its balancing of spectacle with the story is further proof that these films can make its action sequences relevant to the main character's arc and not just serve as substance-less eye-candy. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is like poetry written with bullets and blood, and I can't wait to see where this series goes from here (if there is anywhere to go from here). It's fast-paced, cuts to the chase and no-nonsense with driving its characters into unparalleled danger.<br/><br/>As the bookend chapter of a trilogy it wraps up its arcs very nicely and seamlessly. I love how this series deals with a hit-man desperate to survive and uses EVERYTHING at his disposal as weaponry in a never-ending arsenal for Keanu Reeves' spiritual successor to his iconic take on Neo in The Matrix movies. John Wick is like Travis Bickle mixed with Batman, James Bond, John McClane and Leon the Professional. This guy could possibly beat the crap out of Solid Snake and Sam Fisher if he were given the right opportunity (perhaps even Jason Bourne as well?).<br/><br/>This film is a beauty filled to the brim with action and tension around every corner. It's what bad action movies want to be, and what movies of its ilk strive to be in the end: locked and loaded fun that doesn't pad out its sequences with talky baggage, just cut to the chase and don't make the script stretch things unnecessarily.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is fantastic! I enjoyed the first two JWs and as is usual with such franchises the first is usually the best. However this film did not disappoint and even though it was mainly a collection of fight sequences, it took them to a new level of choreography and originality. All of the actors but especially Reeves and Berry deserve enormous praise for the time and effort that they must have put into these action scenes. Fantastic fun ! Bring on number 4... This is fully action packed fight movie with guns all over the screen.
I couldn't watch scenes like poking eye with sword. Bloods everywhere.
Bike chase sequence is awesome.
Story- who cares. Fight between big table and it's slave.
I saw Keanu Reeves action in Matrix, after that, this one. Reeves occupied entire screen space and he would definitely needs an therapy post this movie shooting. We can see his hard work through out the film.
This is for action audience. Really good action movie of more then 2 hours that quickly passed. Where it stopped the previous movie , it continued this movie. With an amount of $14 million on his head, he gets an army of mercenary killers behind him.<br/><br/>The movie has a lot of fighting in an original way. This means that the perpetual killings are not bored but every fight is a fight in itself.<br/><br/>It starts to become very unrealistic when you let John Wick jump through glass walls and he survive. There would have been more attention to the story of Johny Wick than just murders.<br/><br/>Despite the criticisms, the movie gets an 8. The original fights in the movie make up a lot. ---<br/><br/>I got some "battle fatigue" with the previous JW's but despite there being MORE "battle" in JW3, I didn't get ANY.<br/><br/>Why no battle fatigue with more battle?<br/><br/>1) Creative af!
The creativeness of the fight choreography was off the charts (easily up there with "The Matrix," Jackie Chan and "The Raid," which I consider the best fight choreography I've seen). The fight in the beginning that takes place in an antique weapon store is probably my favorite purely fight scenes of all time. The audience and I couldn't help but react to each gem of AWESOMENESS it provided.<br/><br/>2) YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE WHAT'S GOING ON
None of that confusing flurry of hits and edits B.S. All fights and reactions are at human speed, so you can process, and "buy" what's happening. You can tell Keanu trained his ass off for this bc the emphasis is on his skill and PRACTICAL physical strength rather than the editing room.<br/><br/>3) YOU CARE!
Because the storyline is so fantastic, and the characters are so brilliantly written and acted, the action has MEANING.<br/><br/>4) Neo/Keanu
Come on... Come on... Does that guy suck you in or what? He's among the very few actors with that "it factor" that just glues you to the screen. I F'N LOVE WATCHING THIS GUY!!!!!!!<br/><br/>This is the kind of movie you can see several times because there's so much brilliance above the story to re-appreciate ("The Bourne Identity" was another one of these for me).<br/><br/>Hey Crappywood, you paying attention? Stop making CRAP! As the box office numbers have proven, THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE WANT! The action set pieces were relentless and absolutely incredible, especially the two major gun fight sequences which were probably the best i've ever seen. The performances were all fine, and the rather simple plot also took a very interesting turn after a couple twists at the end.<br/><br/>Overall, i'd say i still like the first John Wick more because i feel like Keanu gave his best performance in that movie and Viggo is still the best villain so far; but this was a lot better than Chapter 2 imo.<br/><br/>I'm very excited for Chapter 4 now. Can't wait to see John take on Winston, who i think can surpass Viggo as best villain; and more of the action...man this franchise just NAILS the action all the time. So good. Review: Simply Amazing<br/><br/>Baba Yaga Is Back..! Full Of Action Pack.
Epic Movie & Brilliant Franchise. Good details and lots of action and screen play was good and overall very good movie Don't miss it ..if want to enjoy the next one...Good action stuff and nice twist in crucial moments that keeps you at the edge of the seat till last minute..A Big Thumbs up This movie had a lot of action...and by a lot...I mean a lot! Despite the amount of action in this movie, it still had it's own story of time, riddles, and balance. The comic-like tone of the film was great to watch, especially with all the action and dialogue in this movie. It may have had scenes that didn't make much sense within realistic causes, but it just kept the plot going. This one giant story just continues the action one movie at a time and this one really fits quite well with the rest... This is the best of all John Wick movies!
If you like great fighting sequences, the first 15min will be awesome to watch.
The whole audience in the theaters: "Oooo, ahhhhh, OMG!" every time Wick did his crazy moves. It was funny!
After the movie was done my 10yr old son said he liked it a lot and that wanted to watch the last 2 movies. Unfortunately it is not available in Netflix or Hulu.
You don't have to watch the last 2 movies to enjoy the 3rd. But a few things will make more sense if you do. I can't wait to watch it again when it's available at home. If an Action packed movie is what you're looking for, then seriously look no further. You will not find more perfectly choreographed fight scenes and sequences. It's literally perfect. The acting was so great and the plot is a continuation of the previous two parts, so is very continuous and smooth. The ending is also a cliffhanger so will leave you wanting more. Keanu Reeves was perfect as well and honestly when is he not? So if you're not afraid of a bit of blood and violence, do go watch it! Greeting the viewer with ugly, low budget z-grade film color, the third installment of the series has the protagonist hunted down for some transgression he's done against his superiors. Never have so many people wanted to kill a single man as with the lead characters every single breath there's a goon waiting in every corner. Keanu Reeves is his usual hammy and ungainly self as he limps his way into one fistfight, gunfight and chase where it's not sufficient to put one bullet into a man's head, you have to put five. One tedious fight scene follows another tedious fight scene as if to compensate for this non-story. And of course, the obligatory pc insertion is in full display: the multiracial cast, the tough all-knowing black chick lording it over the white guy while kicking the a** of every man who dares breathe the same air she does. A blockbuster hit upon its release, this is one tolerable seat-squirmer that'll fade into the mists of time. If you are a fan of action movies this is your movie.
This franchise is just incredible it has never disappointed me.Im soo hyped for the next one. It is from the times of the action heroes of the years ' 80 and ' 90 that I saw an action movie so incredible and beautiful. But this trilogy and in a few years will be a quadrilogy is even more so because Keanu and Chad have created an original character and completely new in the genre that had never seen before. A hard-of-heroic appearance that wants to fight and stand against one of the invisible enemies on the panorama of humanity: the Great table. It is a trilogy from which many other films will be inspired. Every other character in the film and the trilogy is a villain who has unique features. How unique is John Wick. One point I would like to make is that if you go into this movie just to see people get shot up, then you're probably gonna like this movie as much as the fans. Personally, and this just me, I see the comments about the unrealism and I must ask; do you want to just see some basic special ops predator fighting?
Here's a guy who was part, got out, got disrespected, got back in, got betrayed, then got triple crossed, by this super secret ultra lethal assassin; do you think the way people are killed by him would be normal??
The fight scene with Halle Berry's character was one of the best and more realistic, because we all know she wouldn't have survived without the dogs.
The camera angles, lighting, outstanding. Music synchronization to the shots being fired.<br/><br/>Believe me, going in the movie with an open mind will make the film a ton of a lot better. Oh and also, the movie honestly wouldn't have benefited from more dialogue, and that's not a bad thing, it just doesn't need any unnecessary talking. Second Film of Choice at The Plaza Dorchester Tonight - John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum. Continuing from the final scene of the last episode, Chapter 3 finds John Wick running for his life after killing a member of the International Assassin's Guild. With a huge bounty on his head everywhere he turns he finds someone trying to kill him. This film is high octane and most definitely not for the squeamish. My only criticism would be that some of the fight scenes were a little too long, but that's a small niggle in an otherwise good film. Halle Berry along with her two canine bodyguards was a firecracker who stormed through the story as if the devil himself was after her. Non stop from start to finish, this film kept my interest right until the end credits. A good couple of hours well spent. Feel as if they've built their own Unique Selling Point of portraying intense, blood curdling, realistic and intriguing ways of combat within their movies. The momentum of this has been incrementally building from each movie with the first story, setting the fundamentals for this sequel to go from. Making it highly entertaining to watch and pushes the character John Wick to new limits making this feel like a new element of his story. This is an awesome exciting action movie and for people who are strictly here just for that and don't mind plot holes and some minor dumb plot armor, you will love this and rate it higher than me. Unfortunately for me it was hard to see past all of that. The choreography was stellar and very realistic, as was pretty much the whole movie minus the plot armor and plot holes. The lore is cool and I think everyone who loves the first 2 will love this as well Only thing that I hated is, what are the cops busy with while they're shooting in middle of the New York city? From the first fight scene the movie proves that it is here to stay. What you take home after the end credits is the way all the fight scenes were shot, like I have never seen anything like that before and probably will not see in the near future.
Now the acting part, aftually there is no such thing like acting in this movie but the swag level is maintained through out, whether it is by keanu reeves or by halle berry and even by her dogs( who actually stills the show in one entire fight scene) so yes the movie was real swagger.
Just so excited for the next chapter!! What a film. A sequel that keeps on giving. This films is none stop, giving you every aspect an action film should. The story loses its touch a little feeling slightly rushed or missed in parts but over all a very strong showing. I must watch for any action film fan. John Wick 3 (2019) 7.5
8:05. 7.4
8:47. 7.2
9:38. 8.0<br/><br/>Adjudicator was awful<br/><br/>Wick midevil fight scene was awesome<br/><br/>3 fight scenes that could be the greatest fight scenes of all time<br/><br/>Incredible action that is somehow raised to the next level from last film<br/><br/>Plot is the worst fo the three films but is serviceable<br/><br/>Performances are campy but fun and fit the film<br/><br/>Set design still works very well and creates some great visuals<br/><br/>Cinematography was not as inspired as previous films<br/><br/>Still a blast to watch for an action fan<br/><br/>Cool kills Great action from start to finish. Halle and the dogs...WOW!!! Go see it for yourself. This is the third installment of the titles and surprisingly its better than previous installments , its getting better , the storyline also expanding to characters not yet spoken at previous installments , the action is very very entertaining , looking forward to John Wick 4 , it is a must see ! I've been disappointed by most of the action movies over the past few years with the exception of Tarantino films. Didn't like The Magnificent Seven remake and hated the last and worst Mission Impossible. I didn't love the first two of this saga but Chapter 3 was edge of your seat incredible, by far the best and whether by brilliant marketing or luck, has me jonesing for John Wick: Chapter 4, for reasons every red blooded American Patriot will understand. I usually love Halle Berry but she was just okay at best, however her dogs stole the show and give us action scenes never before seen in the movies. I'm not squeamish and I don't mind cinematic violence but this may be the most violent film I've ever seen, yes, more violent than Quentin's films because he makes it so over the top that it lacks believability and is almost comical. There are some funny scenes in this but mostly an awesome plot and more brutal killing than I can recall in any other film. I really am surprised they got away with an R rating. You have to suspend reality as what John does is not possible, especially when he got his butt kicked, dog killed and car stolen in the beginning of episode one by a few nobodies before he became Batman. The repetition with the horses was a bit much and besides being ridiculous, almost ruined what could have been a unique and clever bit. The sound was incredible, especially the shotguns (if you can call them that) towards the end. If you like action, mega violence in the movies and have a sense of humor, go see this work of art. Hollywood hypocrisy at its finest. Thanks to John Wick: Chapter 3, you don't ever have to tolerate anyone in Hollywood lecturing you about gun violence. THEY are responsible for shootings far more than any inanimate object like a gun. Enjoy! Just wow, John wick 3 takes the action, violence, style and story to a whole new level.
Within the first 25 minutes all I could hear was the cinema audience say: "arrrww" "jeeez haha" "awww nasty". And it only got better through out the film. I'm apparently in the minority in my assessment of John Wick 3. Yes, I saw the other films, so I knew what I was getting into.
There would be over-the-top violence, amazingly choreographed fight scenes, and slim dialogue. I got plenty of that. What I didn't get was any of charm of the original. The first John Wick made me care about John. It was such a wonderful introduction to the rich underworld he from which he eacaped. This one seemed to be far more about impressive fight scenes than anything else, which is not the reason....or the only reason to enjoy a John Wick film. Keanu Reeves seemed to be phoning it in too. He was even more emotionless than usual. The fight scenes really are amazing, but everything else was....meh. This is the third John Wick movie of the trilogy and it was the most entertaining of all. We still had Keanu Reeves being John Wick, Ian McShane as Winston, Laurence Fishburne as the Bowery King, Lance Reddick as Charon, the hotel receptionist (maybe?)... In this third installment of the adrenaline-fueled action franchise, super-assassin John Wick (Reeves) returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin's guild, the High Table, John Wick is excommunicado, but the world's most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn everywhere.<br/><br/>The performances are still good and it will always be like that. Keanu Reeves was betterand so were the others and there's a new character, Sofia played by Halle Berry, known for her roles from various action movies like Die Another Day, The Call, Kidnap and of course, she was the terrible Catwoman in one of the worst DC movies. However, she was excellent for her role. There's also Angelica Huston as the Director (not the director of a movie but in a play of the movie like there's a play scene and she was shown to be the director of it). There are two villains here (I think): the first one is Zero played by Mark Dacascos and the Adjudicator played by Asia Kate Dillon. The villains were also great but Zero's character was a bit weak.<br/><br/>The action sequences were the best part of the movie. We could see more fightings in the third movie than the 2 previous ones (the first one was a bit too dramatic and the second one had boring conversations (but still I gave Chapter 2 a 9/10)). The best scene was when John Wick fought with a 2 meters tall guy with a book. It was totally crazy. It lasted a bit long and we could see that tall guy was really powerful but we knew that John Wick could defeat him and he did (as he said in Chapter 2 "Whoever comes, I will kill them all!"). I liked other action scenes as well. There were more enemies with their rifles looking for John Wick and when it came to EPIC, John Wick had a knife-throwing challenge with his enemies and he won. I was really impressed.<br/><br/>However there is one unnecessary scene, the desert scene. It was extremely boring hearing John Wick talking to a person called the Elder and then Wick took a knife and cut off one of his fingers with a ring on. Then he had his hands burnt. I don't like that scene at all. It stopped me from being entertained.<br/><br/>The ending was also unexpected. Here's the spoilers: The Adjudicator said "What should we do with John Wick?" and then Winston shot him as he said "Oh he must die!" and John Wick fell from the building. I was totally shocked but fortunately, he didn't die as a person carried him to the Bowery King who most audiences thought he was dead and then I figured out something that would 100% come true that there will be a Chapter 4 as this isn't the end.<br/><br/>This wasn't really the best of the trilogy but definitely the most entertaining movie of the 3 (with pure action) and great conversations. In fact, Chapter 3 is truly unforgettable in most scenes. I watch a lot of Action movies and I have pretty much seen all different kind of actions. Never thought John wick could have surprised me with such an intense, different, long , breathtaking and single take action sequences .
10/10 The movie is similar to the other 2 I believe it is probably better than chapter 2 but still doesn't meet the 1st one. On fighting scenes though were perfect. They were very brutal and probably the best out of the series when it comes to the fights.SPOILERS!!!!!: overall it kind of leaves off where the last one ended he is no longer apart of the mob, and the hotel manager screws him over, and it is hinted that he will work with the underground homeless guy boss. I feel we only met new character and now john is just more mad. Edge of your seat the whole movie. Great movie,a must see. Incredible fighting scenes! Can say for sure all 3 are great movies. Ready for John Wick 4 One of the most intriguing aspects of this particular chapter in the John Wick Mythology is, the expansion of the Assassin universe. It is so vast and detailed, I'm excited of the future possibilities. Halle Berry is an awesome addition to the story. She has a fight scene that is unique to this movie. I was blown away to find out there are many different sects that work in unison with the "High Table." It truly does seem as if everything is intertwined within this under world. Illuminati if you will. This network is one of the best aspects of the entire story. Keanu returns with his usual stoic acting style to this blood and guts tale. It is one of the best trilogies I have ever seen. I can honestly say there is no drop off amongst any of the movies. Part 3 has a huge twist that I did not see coming. There is an infusion of humor that is unlike the other two movies, and it works well. See it!!! First, I will share that John Wick (JW) #2 was not that good. It was truly like an out of control video game with no plot. Didn't have much confidence/expectations for any more sequels...<br/><br/>Now to JW3-Parabellum. I was immediately impressed with all aspects especially Halley Berry scenes. I was ready to grace it with my rare 10 star score but like all things in life, what goes up must come down, LOL. This is not to say JW3 was not great; it's just the action scenes became mundane although exciting.<br/><br/>I still look very much forward to JW4 one day and hope they keep actors and behind the camera crew together because JW has the Matrix magic if they do. Awesome movie, I like it and waiting next season. I hope to be soon What was that? Dogs biting crotches? Horses kicking people? The fighting scenes were terrible! It looked like a rehearsal for some choreography.
We have all witnessed similar fight scenes in real life; outside of bars, with old drunks.
I got bored!
And the sound effects were over the top! It's a punch effect not a gunshot! Awful..
I give it a 6 because of one fight scene and Keanu's acting. Really disappointed. The first 20minutes were enough for the price i paid for the tickets. The action scenes were fresh, creative and spot on. Keanu Reaves and the supporting cast were at its finest. For me this is by far the best john wick movie, action and story wise. There was never a dull moment in the movie and i was at my edge all times. I am happy they ended it with the possibility for future sequels. Go watch the movie. Straight fire. Movie was solid and not boring at all. They always find ways to keep the endless slaughter entertaining and I applaud them for it. Great job. But they didn't, no sequel will ever out do the original but this franchise hasn't failed yet Now this is how you make a action flick. I would say this is the knew Die Hard. Really enjoyed this 3rd instalment!! Lots of action, great parts by some more mature actors.
Parts of it reminded me a bit of Indian Jones! Has a bit of humour also, hope the 4th John Wick Movie isn't too far in the future 👍🏼 If you're looking for a good time from NON-shaky cam fights and violence, this movie is the one for you. Each fight sequence felt unique in its own way, something I was very impressed by.the story does take a bit of a backseat, but I didn't mind it because I came to the movie to watch amazing fight sequences, which is what I got. Loved everything with the exception of the ending of the storyline, but otherwise that factor, the movie was perfect! The fighting and shooting scenes were outstanding and the first 20 minutes of the movie had me on the edge of my seat. John Wick 1 was perfect 10/10, John Wick 2 was amazing 9.8/10 and John Wick 3 was great 9/10. This film has an INSANE amount of action and fights scenes to it. Just when you think they've reached the pinnacle of choreography they go up and above. It however is missing that John Wick charm and focus. This film branches out the assassin world which is a cool change of pace but unfortunately at the expense of exploring John Wick the man himself further. That is really my only critique of the film... They focus less on John and go a little far out left field. Still... Definitely worth seeing! Love everything except the ending of the storyline, but otherwise it was perfect! Loved the fighting scene and the first 20 minutes of the movie had me on the edge of the seat. I like to say this movie is BLOCKBUSTER.. that's it. It's one of the best action movies i've ever seen. from start to finish. Can't wait for JW Chapter 4!! This movie is a 2 hour adrenaline shot to the heart. Non-stop action scenes. I clocked one at 6 minutes straight and another at 25 minutes!<br/><br/>The cinematography is gorgeous! I remember thinking how perfect the filming locations were. They really set the mood and tone of the movie. Slick, dangerous, and exotic. The fight/action sequences are what makes this series so special. Not a lot of special effects or distracting CGI. Mostly just brutal and elaborately choreographed hand to hand combat that is near exhausting to watch. I don't know how 54 year Keanu does it! This is hands down the best of the series so far and I CAN'T WAIT for Wick 4 in 2021. If you enjoyed 1 and 2 then you should absolutely love Chapter 3. Keanu reeves the only action actor who can keep the excitement going never once has he done us wrong my personal opinion best film iv seen and I carnt wait till the 4 movie Very intricately plotted, beautifully filmed, great cast, huge body count. The set design is phenomenal. The fight scenes were exciting, if a little repetitive toward the end.<br/><br/>This is no fight movie for dummies. The plot is quite involved and demands some ability to keep track of it all.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed it, and Keanu is wearing his age well. Best john wick movie yet action from the begining to the end Keanu Reeves keeps getting better and better cant wait to see part 4 The Way this part end there definitely must be a chapter 4 cause John wick lost again.And No body want it to end like that. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (2019)
"Guns. Lots of guns." Parabellum is the third installment in the series and follows John Wick, as he's on the run with a $14 million bounty on his head. I was extremely excited for this film, and man I was blown away. The action sequences in this film are by far the best I have seen in any other film. It starts off fast paced and only manages to get even better. The opening fight sequence is one of the best action pieces I have ever seen. Keanu Reeves, again, is great, he's god. There's not that much dialogue in this film, but he's able to convey what John is feeling physically. Even the storyline itself was easy to follow without the dialogue. The action and physicality are able to paint and convey a clear and understandable story, which is action packed and intense. The only thing that I didn't like about this film is that it lacks the emotion, but it honestly didn't need it. In comparison, I'd say this is just as good as the first one, if not better. It has god tier action sequences that make this film badass, but it lacks the emotional punch that the first one has. I'd give John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum an A-
🎬
🎬
🎬
If you liked this and want to see more, check out #dangitzjonahreviews and feel free to request something down below. Thanks for checking this out!
#JohnWickParabellum After watching this movie i was wondering why the hell the Oscars doesn't appreciate action choreography, people simply put their life at risk and are not appropriated. But that a side this is one of the best action movies of the past two decades and it almost touches the hights of Raid. As an action lover that is the best possible complement i can think of. The movie starts with a breathtaking knife fight the scene perfectly describes what this movies are about and the standard it sets. Simply put had a blas It has raised the bar. One of its kind.
GO WATCH IT !! John wick 3 what a fantastic film just has good as the first 2 instalments with a simple story and fantastic action scenes that are just fascinating to watch.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves is just fantastic in this role and suits it so much and when he says the line Guns lots of guns from Matrix I got such buzz<br/><br/>Great action great fun and a blast from start to finish and John Wick is officially the franchise I can't pick a favourite they are just all solid movies.
Verdict 9/10 This movie is a movement. It is a movement against oppressive forces of power, and rules. It is at the same time a celebration of physical movement, the ability of humans to do extraordinary stunts and sequences with fluidity and aesthetics. Both conceptually and physically this film is a celebration of movement. The film is like a dance with the story as music. With fabulous lighting, cinematography, well placed dialogues, terrifically detailed stunts. Stahelski has pulled off yet another satisfying engaging action thriller, which works well in most ways Most of Actions aren't good enough to make a squeal or at least 2.but like Wine is getting better with age This John Wick franchise is getting better n each every movies.By far this is most complete action movie in 2019.at some point this is better than Avengers though.<br/><br/>The Action Sequences are great and very fast paced. it should be since it is about Assassins. Keanu is clearly done his homework how to prepare like an Assassin. Clearly Parabellum gives another shot at Pacemora of John Wick.<br/><br/>After Matrix Keanu again produced with some unique classic Franchise for ages. if you are in for a great taste for an action dont hesitate.go watch this. I didn't feel the runtime of tihs Movie , Every action so natual the way they have done with great job, This is awsome , just Love it, Absolutely loved it. The storyline, the action, everything about it I loved... EXCEPT the actress that played the adjudicate...Couldn't stand her!!! Couldn't stand her face, couldn't stand her voice, couldn't stand her look. There were probably 15 other actresses that I could've named that could've play that character much better. It seemed like she relied on facial expressions more than actually acting. In my opinion horrible casting for that character. Wrote an earlier review but it wasn't published for some reason. Anyways? The best one of the series and I really didn't like the last two. This should have been the first in the series. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum takes place immediately after the previous film, and the film's titunal character is now left to fend for himself on his own. After the events of the previous film, John Wick is now deemed "excommunicado", and is now unable to be protected by the organization he was once part of. With a large bounty on his head, he must traverse the streets of New York in hopes of finding a way out of his bounty.<br/><br/>When it comes to the John Wick films, I don't really go into them expecting anything outside a lot of well-choreographed action. Fortunately, for this movie, we see a lot of action, which continues the trend throughout this franchise. Like the previous films, it utilizes a lot of amazingly choreographed fights, and what's amazing is how consistent they are throughout the film. This movie may be the most action-packed in the entire series, and they tend to get especially creative and over-the-top with said action, to the point where it feels like a Tarantino film. There are two major examples that come to mind when I think about the creativity on the action. First of all, Wick meets a dog trainer played by Halle Berry, and we have some awesome combat scenes that include those dogs. Another example would have to be when there is a chasing scene involving horses, and they do a lot with that.<br/><br/>Outside of the action, I appreciate how the movie handles the world-building, and how it answers some more questions as to how the world works. I also like how it helps to build John Wick's character. We continue to see how his character is built through his actions. We also get some more insight into his past, particularly during the beginning of the second half. I also love the set design throughout the film, as it can get especially creative, and enhance the movie's action on display. This can be displayed immensely throughout the third act of the movie.<br/><br/>The title of my review says "Pure popcorn fun", and that's exactly what it is; alongside the other Wick films, it's style over substance. When this aspect does act as a strength, it's also what I see to be a weakness. Throughout the film, I was engaged and immersed in the action, but I found the narrative aspects to be a little weak. Many of the scenes that involve the story elements, to me felt tedious, and while it helps out with the world-building, I never really found myself engaged in said scenes, and I felt like they dragged the movie on at times.<br/><br/>Despite my story complaints, I really enjoyed my time watching John Wick in his third round, and I think any action junkies would really appreciate it for what it has to offer as well.<br/><br/>8/10 Probably the best and funniest John Wick of them all!! Can't wait for the next one! Without any doubt, this is the revenge of the dog. A new kind of hero was born. No Marbeliebers allowed, John Wick is TNT all the time. Full time. Loving the JW series. This one, although a bit too much fighting which got repetitive, but i still enjoyed it. The adjudicator character is fantastic and mark ducascos was great as the main rival. Looking forward to the next one. Action and fight sequences ramped up from the first 2 films but without betraying what came before. When people get hit they stay hit. When John Wick gets hurt he stays hurt, but the people who hurt him will be sorry they did! Was good but not what I expected, started great, ending not so. Action was upped for this movie and was excellently done. Story was well put together and nothing complicated to watch. John Wick 3 started of with such a blast, but sadly got ruined by
"John can't die just yet" moto. A lot of scenes near the end make no damn sense... This movie should've been the last one, chapter 4 will be milked so hard Beautifully choreographed fights scenes, hilarious one liners, it certainly did not disappoint. This review is biased, under objective circumstances it would get less then 8 Stars.<br/><br/>The first 2 John Wick movies showed us what we could expect in Parabellum, and it defenitely delivered! 2 Hours of pure fighting and killing. A whole new masacre with very creative scenes that makes all the killing not seem repetitive.<br/><br/>It is defenitely worth watching and also deserves to be a John Wick, different than for example Matrix 2 and 3. However even when one loves Keanu Reaves or doesnt exactly care much about the quality of the movie and just wants to enjoy pure action, one still has to notice a lot of illogical stuff in many scenes. It is obviously hard to write a character that kills hundreds of people, who themselves are masters at killing, but limit him to human strenght and longevity, while John Wick concerning the later has seemingly more lives than we do.<br/><br/>Jokes aside in the later part we also encounter a scene with very bad, i mean seriously bad acting, which kinda ruined the experience to some degree, but with all honesty the movie got worse near the end, while the ending was great again.<br/><br/>I myself dont care to much about these weird logic involving some scenes and the bad acting scene, which is why i give this movie a 8. The best action movie than kane, we will wait new film. The better than other film. ... or a horse fight. Or a belt fight. Or a book fight. Or whatever hard, semi-hard, or sharp object might be laying nearby.<br/><br/>John Wick 3 is simply a continuation of the story and action that we've grown to love from the first 2. This one may not have quite the same heart as JW1 or even JW2, but the action is easily as good and maybe sometimes better. With each movie, I become more and more impressed with the fight choreography, creativity, and camera work. It's really amazing to watch. For reference, my favorite movie of all time happens to be The Matrix - mostly for the underlying themes and visuals - but also for the action. In John Wick 3, there was actually a moment where I thought to myself, "John Wick 3 (and/or the series) has surpassed The Matrix as my favorite movie." I think I pulled back from that a bit as the movie progressed, but the jury is still out. JW4 is looming. :) Also, this goes without saying, but if you didn't like the other John Wick movies or that style, certainly don't bother. You won't enjoy this one either. John Wick 3 is just more of the same. Incredible action scenes. Irrealistic but really energetic movie I really enjoyed the third installment in the John Wick series. This whole Wick Universe is very intriguing, and in the third one, we learn even more about it. The first movie was good, as a basic revenge flick. We kind of got hints of the special 'world' Wick was a part of, but that wasn't really expounded upon until John Wick 2. In that one, we learn more about the rules and codes, and all the assassins hiding in plain sight lol. And so John Wick breaks a rule, and the third one continues where the second one ends, where he's on the run with a contract on his head.
Now, this movie could have just gone a predictable route of him just killing every assassin until nobody was left. But that would be dull. So it shows him trying to figure out a way to cancel out the hit. It sort of does work, it might be the weakest part of the story. But we get to see so many great innovative fight scenes, that it's not a big deal.
It was great seeing the Indonesian martial artists from the Raid, although I found Mark Dacoscas character a bit underwhelming. His constant attempts at being a fanboy just served to diminish the bad-assness of his character.
I was impressed by Halle Berry's fighting. That battle in Casablanca did go on a tad too long, but we got to see some interesting fight moments. And Halle's character was able to show off her potential. I hope she appears in the follow-up.
Now the dumbest and I mean DUMBEST part of the movie was towards the end. John Wick falling off the roof of the continental. Bounces around, hitting everything he sees, and is still alive lol. Barely a scratch, except the wounds from the fight scene. Is this guy made of adamantium?!!! That could have been done a WHOLE lot better.
Other than that misfire towards the end, this was an overall great improvement and continuation of the first two John Wick films. Go Keanu! Action movies nowadays being lame and lazy to deliver practical action scenes, they prefer CGI and fast transition camera to make it feel as real as possible. John Wick trilogy are the pioneer of modern action movies. Chad Stahelski and team had great vision in this movies and they successful create this John Wick universe became one of the best action movies in couple of decades. The choreography was well written and acted, the stunt performer was really professional martial artist and Keanu Reeves was incredibly amazing!! I need to watch this movies twice in cinema because there is so many details in every scene that easily missed, every action was beautifully captured. Well done! Looking at some of the negative reviews, I can't believe some are so right. I mean I'm shocked that there was so much action and John was on the run from assassins. I was expecting him to be having a chat on his phone for about 15 mins whilst sipping coffee in a local Starbucks, then watching him spend another 10 mins eating at Mcdonalds. I'm just shocked we saw so much violence and action, we'd never have guessed this would have happened, especially after watching the second one.<br/><br/>Ok, let me get serious. Usually we get to a 3rd film and it becomes a bit dry, the plot is a bit lost, the scenes become boring, basically it just becomes a 3rd installment for the sake of it. But with John Wick 3, it was none of that. It had twists and turns, the action was fast paced, the choreography was probably the best I've ever seen, basically it was absolutely brilliant. The only reason I didn't give it a 10 was because John Wick 2 was a 10 and nothing beats that. But I absolutely loved this film.<br/><br/>John Wick fans will not be disappointed. This is the perfect 3rd installment, one that will have you talking about it for a while. Going to this movie I expected something fresh , something enjoyable , something interesting. Instead I exited the theater being bored to death.
It started nice with John having a 14M dollar bounty on him. At that point I thought that the plot was John surviving the attacks from literally everyone, until that part stopped in 20 minutes or so. After that he tried to accomplish some missions in order to have a normal life.
This was the 1/4 of the movie in total, and the other 3/4 was just fight scenes.
Most of them were too long , unrealistic , and over all boring. In my opinion, we needed more creative kills like the one with the book at the beginning of the movie.
Also it needed more jokes. The director didn't even care for the viewers that were bored , and on top of that , he actually tell the viewers that the fights were good, in one scene were John fights with someone in the last 30 minutes of the movie.
Too much violence. Dont give me wrong, I am a big fan of violence, but it was too much. Dogs biting human balls, knifing an eyeball, or even John cutting his own fricking finger, I almost barfed on that one.
Anyway I have more issues with the movie , but I dont want to become 100 years old until the end if the review. In conclusion, if you liked the second movie, then you will like this one too, but if you enjoyed the first movie and hated the second one, like me , then I suggest you to skip this one. Amazing story amazing movie its the jon wick that we wait for i am looking forward for the 4 I'm not sure where the writers were trying to go with this. I loved the first two movies and was really looking forward to this one, however, I was disappointed with the lack of a plot and the overdrawn fight scenes. It seemed to me that they were time fillers in an effort to extend the movie runtime. Characters were introduced and discarded all along the way. Even the fights themselves did not have the authenticity of the first two movies. They became more like dances. When I saw the first film, I always thought the plot, while effective, was a little too simple. After watching the second film I appreciated that simplicity a lot more. No offense to the filmmaker but the writing was never the movies strong suit and it showed in the second film when they tried to introduce the world and characters. I was also worried about the pacing, the second film was pretty exhausting, while the combat choreography was very well done and Keanu Reeves sells his hard work very well but it simply was too much. Having a 2 hour long movie just about the fight might get exhausting pretty quickly but I am happy to say John Wick 3 managed to keep my attention throughout and it was a rather enjoyable ride.<br/><br/>I am not sure how far they can take this franchise but I would really like to see Keanu Get back into acting. I always liked Reeves's older movies, he is not the most versatile actor but he was decent in the roles he played. There is definitely a deterioration in his acting skills as he comes off more as a stuntmant that has just started into an acting career. Here is hoping he regains some of his talents and gets to start in some different films. The first was a killing, the second a slaughter, this one ? A massacre !
Honestly, this movie allow the viewer to fully disconnect with any boring thing in his life. It is a pure moment of adrenaline (won't give you a class about adrenaline, you know what I mean).<br/><br/>Ok, to really be honest sometimes, like in almost all action movie, you "clearly" see everything is a real choreography (bad guy waiting a bit too longer, John anticipating a bit too much, etc.) but this kind of thing does not make me give less than 10 anyway as if you compare to some super hero movies (Aveng... ? What ?) it is way more realistic (in their own respective domain, not compared to reality of course) I mean he is an expert assassin and does with what he has without waiting to see this, or see that, or perhaps we could do this ? This one is bad but hey, perhaps we can... NO ! HE WANTS TO KILL YOU ! KILL HIM NOW ! END OF STORY !
You see what I mean I suppose.<br/><br/>So, yeah, 2 hours will not be even enough.<br/><br/>I really hope they will do a 4th ! Viewpoints based on production, audience, and acting.<br/><br/>Opening Statement:
Me and my friends would debate like crazy in college. "Who would win in a battle to the death if it came down to it? John Wick or Jason Bourne?" Although both protagonists share the commonality of being hunted by their own inner circles, I always personally voted John Wick, and for these reasons.<br/><br/>Production Viewpoints:
From the production and filming standpoint, John Wick has the ability to hold minimal dialogue due to the nonstop action and extremely well orchestrated fight scenes. The intensity is so high, that despite the low amount of dialogue, people still feel like they're inside of the movie themselves and the action speaks for itself. I also want to acknowledge the quality in sound effects and eye catching visual awe with the various locations filming took place. Music in all three movies never fails to match the emotion of what the audience should feel during each scene. The story itself would be my only suggestion to build clarity upon. Although there's the obvious notion that we have a man who faces all odds against him in a circle of the most elite assassins, I think the audience would enjoy learning more in depth, about the origins of this league of assassins, and how John Wick became entangled in this circle of killers that he struggles to escape.<br/><br/>Audience Viewpoint:
From an audience's perspective, John Wick has the effect of making people in the movie theater get excited and cheer out loud regardless of the expectations to be quiet during the film- which in my opinion is the number one goal of making any action movie! Other action films such as Jason Bourne, 007, or Mission Impossible, although they are always usually pretty well done, don't seem to have that same effect on the crowd of strangers who come together after seeing absolute havoc caused by the protagonist. The audience loved the hard and fast paced violence mixed with the interesting story and mystery behind "The Boogeyman" or John Wick.<br/><br/>Acting:
(Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Asia Kate Dillon, Mark Dacascos)
The acting for all working artists was very spectacular, but I am crediting these 4 due to the attention they really brought to my eye.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves' is undoubtedly the one and only John Wick. His ability to execute fight scenes and illicit emotion is always very well done. When watching, you can tell he's a lone wolf who's been betrayed by his own. You can really see the death and danger that lurks in his eyes, and also looks the part alongside to the fury he brings to each encounter being a protagonist manifested from pain. He carries out each scene exceptionally, and proves that a great action movie shouldn't need a lot of dialogue.<br/><br/>Halle Berry, playing Sofia, blew me away. I read that she trained with her dogs in the movie for all of allegedly 7 months, which speaks for a dedicated actress in the industry not to mention, one many wouldn't expect to see in a John Wick film. My only suggestion would be that she reload a bit more in the firefights, but other than that, she really exceeded my expectations in conducting what one could call "the female John Wick" perhaps.<br/><br/>Asia Kate Dillon, playing the role of "The Adjudicator" really was interesting to me and she sold the part perfectly. I've never saw her in another film, but my first impression of her character was "Woah, she is one weird person" which was what I feel like the writers really wanted to convey to the audience. Her monotone voice and essentially playing a role where she needed to present herself as inhuman and a robot like equalizer of the high table who seemed to show no emotions, was done magnificently.<br/><br/>Mark Dacascos, playing the role of "Zero", was a huge standout in the film. Although he was one of the primary antagonists, his ability to fight was sublime and unlike anything I've seen before. He matched the character well, and also was able to illicit emotion as an actor to a great extent. His dialogue was on point, but his speed and skill set with fighting and orchestrating as the other "alpha male" became worthy of noting.<br/><br/>Summary:
"John Wick 3: Parabellum" in my eyes, is still, and always has been, the embodiment of the perfect Hollywood action production throughout all three movies thus far. The story has mystery and suspense, the actors sync well to their roles while also playing the roles great, sound effects are on point, fight scenes never disappoint, and I always see a reaction from the audience unlike any other. People love what John Wick is all about if they appreciate the art of great high intensity action film making. Who knows what John Wick 4 is going to bring to the table... and maybe... "the high table." A job well done. A whole franchise could be built around a girl and her dogs taking on a cafe full of baddies. John Wick has always been about the legends. The first was a refreshing revenge thriller that reveals hints of a larger underground world of assassins in which Wick has become iconic. The second is a hyper-stylish fleshing out of that unseen world. Now the third is the John Wick: Fury Road of the series: a no-holds-barred action extravaganza that giddily revels in its own mythic creation with nearly incomparable gusto.
Coming directly on the heels of the cliffhanger-ending second film, we find Wick on the run from...well, everyone, as he's been excommunicated from the benefits of the assassin community, with a $14 million bounty placed on his head. This character has always been Reeves at his most comfortable best, but he's truly settled in here with subtle, bad-to-the-bone perfection. He's as endearing to the audience as he is terrifying to his foes.
Stahelski has officially cemented himself as a true directorial voice. We now know that the first movie wasn't just a clever fluke, but a signpost of cinematic genius. In what is the best action film since Kill Bill, it's all violence as poetry in every heart-pounding moment (clumsy knife fights, death-by-library-book, Halle Berry's dogs).
But it's not just the breathtaking action scenes that sing, but all the quieter moments in between too. The surprising complexities of this universe are unveiled even further here, still somehow without the crutches of exposition or narration, instead letting the world speak for itself. It all speaks to the punk-rock ethos of anti-fascism, reminding us that the system doesn't care about us unless we serve it. Parabellum is smart, fast-paced, deep, and more fun than a sword-wielding horse ride through Manhattan, and is the first masterpiece of 2019. Guns lot of guns! This is a perfect action movie. The carater is awesome. I'm a Action Movie Fan and I also like Violent Movies. But this Movie was for most parts boring,No really Interesting Characters and unrealistic ( I know this is a Action Movie,but please It could be a bit more realistically .) The Fight Scenes are almost the same , Scene after Scene and there is way too much CGI Blood, also the ending was disappointing. I give this 6 Stars for Keanu Reeves and the Knife Fight at the beginning.It would be good to end this series. Having not seen the first two installments of the John Wick series, it's clear I missed out on a few key plot points, such as Anjelica Houston's origin story or what kind of table the Table is, and why people are obsessed with being over it or under it. I also missed the John Wick origin story, but that gets quite cleared up quite quickly when he visits Anjelica Houston (The Director) at the Belarus embassy somewhere near the Bowery, probably take the A train to get there.<br/><br/>In a world filled with professional assassins, one might expect a lot of assassinations, but instead we get a lot of attempted assassinations, some with guns, some with knives, some with fists, and some with library books. We also get some fun tips of the hats to other movies. Although surely not comprehensive, what follows is the list I came up with while phasing in and out of consciousness at the theater.<br/><br/>One, a quick shot of Buster Keaton on The General on a big screen in Times Square. I think this is an homage to those who performed their own physical stunts, however dangerous, such as Buster Keaton, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, and Imogene Coca. What I wonder, though, is how would Keaton's original audiences have responded to John Wick's blasé faire attitude towards ammunition conservation. Armor-piercing shells are rare!<br/><br/>Two, a scene at an armory where John Wick disassembles some revolvers and creates his own bespoke heater, which must surely be a reference to Eli Wallach as Tuco in the Good, the Bad and the Ugly. If so, Nice Job Award goes to director Chad Stahelski. If not, whoopsie!<br/><br/>Three, the entire last third preoccupied in the New York Continental Hotel is likely a reference to Hotel Artemis, except John Wick is the far better movie with far more entertaining action sequences. Take that, Jodie Foster!<br/><br/>Fourth, a slighter reference to Game of Death, and the literal levelling-up stairs to fight harder enemies, with a fun twist of falling back a level or two and having to get back up to do it all over again. Bruce Lee, cinema still misses you!<br/><br/>Fifth, we have a clever reimagery of the Hall of Mirrors from Enter the Dragon, except Ian McShane indicates a strong preference for tempered glass over mirrors, as well as staring at chess pieces which he never moves. Good thing that glass is tempered, Mr. Wick!<br/><br/>Sixth, and likely not final, a cleverly placed nod to Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, because the Hall of Tempered Glass has a grip of crystal skulls, likely as a reminder that Steven Spielberg, in fact, made a movie so bad that it made people forget about 1941 for a minute or two. Hollywood!<br/><br/>If, as The Director says, "Art is pain; life is suffering," 0ne should always wear a nice leather belt, because you never know when you'll end up in a video game. The movie is great and the choreography was as amazing as in the first and second movie.<br/><br/>.. but in my opinion Halle Berry did not such a good job. Her gunhandling just seems too "action-movie" like and her fighting scenes look like her opponent just moves with her moves. Keanu Reeves just has this - fighting is really hard work and and it´s dirty etc - feeling and i didn´t feel that with Halle Berry. Also the dogs ruin alot of her fighting scenes because they are just so overpowered and end every fighting scene in just seconds.<br/><br/>Still a very very good movie. John Wick Chapter 3 is another thrilling installment in the John Wick series. With even more insight into this fascinating universe and even more information about John's previous life before the movies began. The action is arguably the best that we've seen in the series so far, with fights ranging with horseback riding, motorcycle chases, and even dogs getting in on the fun to slow drawn out fights between two badasses with samurai swords. Parabellum has at least something to offer everyone who go to see it whether it's violent action, or more insight into john's life, John Wick chapter 3 is a definite must see At the end of john wick 2 you would probably be sceptic by asking yourself "what else can they put on the table".<br/><br/>But then in john wick three the creators simply answer "a lot, like really a lot, you aint seen squat"<br/><br/>This chapter of john wick does't only expand the universe but also our experience, not only in watching the series, but also watching movies.<br/><br/>There are many to see here, from over the top typical every minute bloody john wick action, to fancy dialogue. My wife screaming "Thank god we didn't bring our kid" in the first five minutes would probably give you an imagination of what to expect.<br/><br/>My only complaint is probably the loose ending, but I hope time gives me a better perspective.<br/><br/>Also it ends with a cheer for an even more exciting and broad universe of chapter 4. I am a lover of action movies but they need some plot. I saw this last night with 5 buddies in a big theater with 100 other dudes. When it was over we all gave a "well that was good but I'm worn out" comment. Lots of fighting and shooting. Some silly stuff like John picks up bad guy's guns and has clips in his pockets to reload them all. Also, his friend never runs out of dogs? Overall a good effort. Reeves is one of the most under-rated actors in the game. Good movie! Just gotta love the genius who came up with the idea of Samurais on motorbikes.
The action is relentless. The plot is ridiculous. "Robocop" dogs - yet i wanna a weekend in the coolest hotel ever & to top it all "Mad dog" - (The Raid), took the film to the next level.
Great 2 hours of entertainment.
8/10 Unique fighting scenes and full action perfect. jw3 better than 1 and 2 I lost count of how many fights there were. All action again shot perfectly, no shaky cam, glorious stunt work, a couple of glorious 1 take shots and it's more violent than ever! Motorbike chase/fight was a little fake looking but other than that action was top notch.
This looses a couple of points for the story, thought it was a little far fetched, I kind of miss the simple revenge tale of the first outing.
Overall I had a great time and my ranking of these overall is 1, 3, 2. This movie was an absolute pleasure to sit through! I found myself just sitting in my seat smiling for the fight in the little museum with all the knives/tomahawks! Halle Berry was freaking great!<br/><br/>SPOILERS<br/><br/>My one complaint is that while I love love love this trilogy, I wish they would've ended it at 3. After John falls off the building at the end and then he disappears, I felt they should've had that he the plan all along vs turning Winston into a bad guy.<br/><br/>Overall I'm very happy with this movie and will be seeing it at least two more times, but I wish they would have ended it here.<br/><br/>Solid 9/10 2 (8/10) > 1 (7/10) > 3 (6/10).
Action scenes and cinematography were fantastic, but each new movie gets less and less believable with the world it creates. I enjoyed all of the films a lot, but 3 started to drag on a bit too much and became very repetitive. I was hoping this would be the last John Wick movie, and it felt like it should have been, but unfortunately at the end there's just more sequel-baiting and a far more ridiculous cliffhanger than the one in the 2nd film (which has a brilliant cliffhanger, imo, and really set up that the 3rd film could mean the end of John Wick). The 2nd one overall just has my favourite scenes, and these films are more about the amazing action sequences and visuals, rather than any engrossing story, making it all the more annoying that they've just stretched out the story for another sequel.<br/><br/>Also, John's motives in this film felt poorly written this time around. He wants to live on so that he can remember his dead wife? I get that he's still grieving but it comes across as lame and unnatural motivation. It doesn't matter if he's alive to remember her, because he'll die eventually anyway, and just going about the rest of his life moping around about his dead wife is pointless. The acting was also at its worst in this film.<br/><br/>Come for the great action and visuals, but spend every other scene cringing at everything else and leave the cinema feeling a bit "meh" about the whole experience. I gotta say... This movie is brutal, so much more than its previous. The fighting scene is choreographed beautifully (and violently). The gunshot, hand to hand and any other weapon available scene is totally adrenaline induced (for me anyway). John Wick looks badass in every fighting scene (the dogs also got lots of biscuits from me, they are such a good dogs).<br/><br/>We will get a glimpse of the motives behind some character, which is interesting but sadly not much explored (Anjelica Huston as the Director, Hale Berry as Sofia, etc). Apparently many of the assassins are John Wick's admirer/hardcore fans. I like how Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman characters' is being portrayed in this movie (bonus point since they did not just killed off in this movie, so maybe someday they will face off again?). They have some dialogue in Indonesian surprisingly, since I thought they will say it in English.<br/><br/>I am intrigued about the high table and the structure that they have (how do you become the elder sitting around in the middle of desert but still looking fine? or adjudicator who listing assassins or other dangerous people about their misdeed and telling them that they only got 7 days to make settlement?). The assassin network and channel/parties intertwined are also need to be explored further (so far I see the hobos network, the operators place, doctor for assassin, ballet/assassin-will-be training mansion where John Wick came from, another Continental Hotel in different country, the place they make their own currency). Hopefully we will see more in next movie.<br/><br/>It is a great action movie, and I am not disappointed so far. The ending make me anticipate how it will play up in next movie.<br/><br/>PS: a dog is shot but don't worry, he/she is fine A super joyous and in places brutally gruesome film with some very good martial art style fighting scenes. One for the aftion lovers. Movie does end like opening ways for probably chapter 4. However I still think 'John Wick' would be better as a trilogy.
Keanu Reeves getting better and better at hunting. I know that he's an acquired taste, but I happen to enjoy Keanu Reeves as an actor. Not much in the sense that he's a character player, but he knows how to present himself and bolster his masculinity. He falls into the same category of John Wayne, Lee Marvin and Yul Brynner, these are actors that tend to play action roles more as they understand that their fans want to see them and not another character. Does that mean the movie belongs to them and not the story? I would say it depends on what message the movie's trying to get across.<br/><br/>Looking at the John Wick movies, their goal isn't to teach the audience a lesson. They're there to watch a seemly likable man kill mafia people after killing his dog and steeling his car. But there's also a lot we don't know about the character other then he's really good at what he does. The other draw is that even though the guy seems unkillable, he has some history and people that openly fear him, giving him a bit more credibility to his existence. The first two were two fun action movies and the tradition continues with John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum.<br/><br/>After what happened in John Wick: Chapter 2, John Wick (Played by Keanu Reeves) finds himself excommunicated from his agency and has a fourteen-million dollar bounty for his head. After several people try to kill him, he manages to escape into sanctuary-like theater where a woman called "The Director" (played by Anjelica Huston), agrees to get him to Casablanca, Morocco. At the same time, a group called the High Table sends the "Adjustor" (played by Asia Kate Dillon) to the Continental Hotel, a place where John had been receiving help and supplies over the years. She tries to get hotel owner and manager Winston (played by Ian McShane) to step down, but he refuses.<br/><br/>When John Wick gets to Casablanca, he finds an assassin and friend Sofia (Played by Halle Berry) where he asks on how to find the Elder, one of the only people that can get the bounty off of hid head. His journey takes him through Morocco, the Desert and eventually back to New York where along with continuing to run into other assassins, the High Table hires a ninja Zero (played by Mark Dacascos) and his group to try and take out John Wick.<br/><br/>Unlike some "three" movies in other franchises, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum continues to raise the stakes and makes for a really fun movie. The best movie I can compare this to is Mad Max: Furry Road where the whole thing feels like a rush. Just when then main character thinks he can catch a breath, more people keep coming at him and it's entertaining to see just how much Keanu Reeves can take.<br/><br/>The action is never boring thanks to it's creative kills (whether it's a hundreds knives thrown, using horses to kick people to death, or samurai swords on motorcycles)
The story also works fine. The goal of this guy is to stay alive and it doesn't need much convincing to do so. I do like seeing how far the villains will go to see this guy dead and the people they'll talk to. It can sometimes go on too long, making some of the dialogue parts drawn out. I'd say the middle of the movie is where it almost starts to go off track as much of it is finding how John Wick is going to live and how the High Table sends who after him.<br/><br/>Before it can make any mistakes, it's climax and third act to pick up and make everything exciting again. It takes everything that it builds and lets it loose in an explosive finale with guns, swords, and classic martial arts. I won't spoil how things end, but it does set up for a sequel. This is something that not only would I love, but I'd guarantee I'd be the first in line at my theater.<br/><br/>I'll give this nine blood markers out of ten. Though you don't need to see the first two to enjoy this, I'd recommend doing so to get an idea with the kind of world this sets up. John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum is the kind of fun I'd expect out of a summer blockbuster, especially in contrast to the more superhero-fueled Avengers: Endgame. Great film, great trilogy, this third chapter contains incredible action scenes, and Halle Berry and her dogs are very impressive... But, now it is the good moment to close the franchise there because we are beginning to feel that this is an endless beginning... John Wick Parabellum takes off where Chapter 2 left us - John is on the run and so is his time. The movie starts fast with almost non-stop action with great visuals, well-choreographed fight scenes, shootouts and amazing cinematography and slowly calms down by the end - John gets tired and the movie tires along with him. The third act has divided my overall opinion on the whole John Wick's franchise - on one hand it's still one of the greatest action flicks of the new millenium and Keanu Reeves, being well after fifty, puts all of his cards on the table despite having almost zero dialogue in the movie - and that's what makes him John "In No Way" Weak but on the other hand this movie is an old and rusted nail to the coffin of the franchise because it makes a superhero out of a main hero. He's indestructible, he's a war machine, he's a Terminator but at least you can kill a Terminator but not John. And that's what disappoints the most - by the middle of the movie you realize that other people actually aren't that eager to kill him after all. The "superhero" cancer has already murdered John McClane and John Rambo, I wish it wouldn't finish John Wick too.
Overall I enjoyed the movie, its occasional humor, remarkable action, Keanu's fine performance and the supporting Laurence Fishburne whose delivery of the character was simply outstanding. Dont know what to say. Just watched it and i am stunned. The action scenes are just so thrilling. The different ways of killing the bad guys . But the fight scene with halle berry and the guard dogs was one of the best fighting scenes i have ever seen. It went so fast, and the camera angles made it so amazing beyond believe. I dont know how to express is as english is not my native tongue. Just please go see this movie and be amazed! A very successful movie in action. The choreographies were very good. I like the adventure. Keanu Reeves is still great as acting. I wish she was a little more dominant as a script.<br/><br/>⭐ 100/69 Fantastic! Prolly my favorite in the series.....so far! This is the best trilogy I've seen in at least a decade. Original and unique characters, which Hollywood really struggles with these days I do love first 2 chapters. But this one is the end for John Wick and its universe for me.
Action sequences are great. They are better then great! And action movies do not need much of the plot. But then there is the story...
How to put it mildly, the best way to improve this movie it to cut all of the "plot" out completely.
It is just incomprehensible mix of all clichés in the dumbest way.
It is like they hired an intern to write the script that would look like a mix of Tarantino, Rodriguez and Snyder (and I am not a fan of last 2). And then blindly took whatever intern delivered without even proofreading.
Oh, no, it WAS written by committee of 5(!) with intern (Shay Hatten) in charge.
I will definitely skip Ballerina... If you like action you will love this movie!!<br/><br/>But in another hand, the story could be told in a couple of pages, everything is about big killing streak. A lot of gore on some of the scenes.<br/><br/>It could have been a better movie with more plots, and less action. This would have been better if they would have explained about the people who runs the show and why. Like why are there so many assassins. These people are killing each other for no reason whatsoever. let's hope they don't mess the next one. The consequences of the unsuccessful retirement turn up to be much worse for John Wick, but this is exactly what we are expecting: the bigger the danger - the bigger is the excitement to observe.<br/><br/>The franchise has become a phenomenon from the start. Of course, the story of an assassin that wants to rest is not new, but the universe of the killers with the rules followed under the threat of death and astonishing love for the action of an exquisite quality has put 'John Wick' way over other stories.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves shows no fatigue and no desire to stop. The reels of him preparing for the role look like he genuinely has to clash with all those hitmen. This level of dedication opens the doors for the amazing continuous shots that keep your attention tight as the dog keeps the jaws on its target. Speaking of the dogs, Halle Berry brought some delight appearing and reminded of her capabilities to skillfully throw some fists and the mashup with her devoted pets brought new rush into the combat elegance. The choreography leaves no words - you keep watching ingenious ways to kill people, the gunfights are improving more and more, however, after the second part I didn't know that it was possible. Surprisingly 'Parabellum' offers you fun and exciting turns that justify its uniqueness.<br/><br/>Rewinding everything that I saw makes me scold the movie for artificial plot steering. Throughout the whole film we see that hero gets the window of opportunity too many times: like somebody stands behind the curtains and screams to his opponents: "Give in! We need him for the next chapter!"<br/><br/>Putting the gun aside I will say that the expectations to see Keanu Reeves kick a lot of asses are fulfilled to the maximum. I wasn't going on it for the plot and over 70% of the movie just gave me top quality action that quenched my adrenaline thirst while giving tons of laughs and insights on the mysterious world of assassins. I've loved the Series since the beginning, act, story line, soundtrack and effects are amazing
Cannot wait for the next chapter, John wick going for high table I recent saw John Wick Chapter 3 and instantly loved this movie. For a guy that did not watch or see John Wick Chapter one in theaters I've loved this movie franchise since the beginning even though I got in late but I've been hooked ever cents definitely worth seeing Highly looking forward to chapter 4 and Companion TV series Continental. If you consider yourself an action fan and love movies like hard boiled And Kingsman you should see this film it's Keanu Reaves best action film to date John Wick 3 8.4 of 10
--Writing 3.9 of 5
-pace/edit 4 (impactful)
-characters 3.8
-dialogue 3.8
-plot 3.8<br/><br/>--Production 4.5 of 5
-cinematography 4.8 (vivid and impactful, longer action takes)
-art 4.7 (stylish)
-sound 4.5 (immersive)
-performance 3.9 (great choreography, some stale performances) Being a big fan of John Wick 1 and 2, especially Chapter 2, I had high hopes for number 3. I liked it but there was too much shooting choreography then plot/story. In between John Wick killing everyone in his way, there's little spaces for the story lines here and there. The movie didn't need Halle Berry, any other woman would of been good in that role, even an unknown actress might of been better. I really wanted more development history regarding the Continental and the High Table. We get glimpse of it through the eyes of the female "adjudicator" who is an agent that has the last word.
Bottom line, you get the action you'd expect after seeing 1 and 2 but just too much for my taste. Though the choreography's are extremely well done just as expected. Those fight scenes definitely had the stunt doubles busy but you can see that Keanu Reeves has done a lot's training and for sure it will remain with him via muscle memory. I like how the ending leaves a window open for a John Wick 4.
7 Stars out of 10, still very worth seeing! John Wick 3 has as amazingly choreographed fight scenes as one could ever hope for, that is what we come to expect from a John Wick film. However, the series has a story that makes the Fast and the Furious seem realistic. The overarching story is no longer interesting and doesn't have the quirky charm of the first film. Apparently every other person in the World is an assassin. It's okay to suspend disbelief, but John Wick 3 is ridiculous. But whatever, it's about the killing, and no other person does it as well as Wick. 'The Elder' is shown as High Table (main boss of assassins). The problem is, while all the characters are shown as Christians, The Elder was shown as Muslim. This definitely spoiled my mood as it felt like forced secularism. Whole world knows that Muslims do not fit into Gangster or Assassin type. There are other ways to show respect to Muslims.
You could simply keep religion out of movie. This one thing made whole movie an impossible stuff.
Never expected.<br/><br/>Movie is entertaining. Keeanu is best. John Wick sure is hard as death but this film lacked what the first two had yeah the action was great and the fighting spectacular but do we really need to see more of the same ....!!!! still ..... 6/10 . John Wick played by Keanu Reeves could be called best actor of the year. The movie has a lot of action and some comedy moments which makes it fun to watch. I'm looking forward to see the next chapter of John Wick. The movie is amazing and the long shots are great. Everything about this movie is great. The director of this movie knows what he's doing. Keanu Reeves remains perfection as the title character, a man of few words but lots of action The movie not only delivers constant action from start to finish, but also ends on a cliff hanger that sets up for a possible sequel to conclude the story line. Gives John wick fans all they could ever want, I'm not a hardcore fan but I do like the series, some of the action sequences are very good especially for a person that isn't keen on films with this much action.
What I would say negative about this film though is, it's probably has too many action scenes overall and the Dialogue is slightly underwhelming.
It's very fast paced with non stop action, like the others you'll like this, Simple I'll resume:
I like the caracter, Keanu its a great actor.
I like the production designer. Fantastic.
I like the soundtrack. Fantastic too.
But the fight, are too long. Seriously, and some times fool, and a llot of times they're ridiculous fale.<br/><br/>On the last haf of the film I was sick of too much/longer punch scenes. Its starts to annoyng.<br/><br/>I miss the First one, when ser gear John, everyone does. Now, Just looks like a dude thats not gonna die bevause his name its in the movie.<br/><br/>Sorry for bad english John Wick Chapter 3 is obviously the newest John Wick film. The first john Wick was a greatly fun action film; easily one of the best of the decade. Chapter 2 was even better. However, many times with franchises like this, with two great installments, the third film has a tendency to drop the ball. Does Chapter 3 do this? For the most part no.<br/><br/>John Wick Chapter 3 is a marvel from an action standpoint. If you're an action junkie you'll definitely have your fill with this film. It takes place right where the previous film left off. From the very first minute, the action and tension are put on full blast and it almost never lets up. This film has the most action out of all three movies, and the most exhilarating action scenes at that, and that is saying something with this franchise. One action scene involving Keanu Reeves, Haley Barry, and even a couple of dogs, is my favorite of the movie. Though, there was so much action it bordered on action overload. By the end I was just exhausted like John Wick was by all the constant fighting with little story to back it.<br/><br/>The film looks gorgeous as well. The locations and cinematography are amazing. I love this unique comic book esc world they've created. With each film they make the world look all the more extravagant and interesting, leaving me wanting to know more. All of the actors do a great job, particularly Keanu Reeves and Haley Barry. Though, Haley Barry isn't in the film as much as I would have thought. The score isn't particularly memorable, but it does its job.<br/><br/>If there's a weak point in this film it's the plot. I know story has never been the focal point of the movies, but this one I'd say definitely has the weakest story. There's not really much story progression when compared to the others. At the end of this film he's in the same position as he was at the end of Chapter 2. At the end of that film he's a wanted man by the organization. Throughout the entirety of this movie he's on the run trying to get his bounty removed, but fails. At the end he's still a wanted man, setting up a sequel.<br/><br/>This film very much feels like a transitionary film in to the next one. That's not necessarily bad. Empire Strikes Back and The Two Towers were transitionary films and they're fantastic. But it felt like more things happened story wise. They did expand upon The Table, which is at the top of the assassin organization that controls everything. We also get more hints at John Wick's past. But not much else.<br/><br/>There also wasn't a clear cut villain and this one, like the other two, which was a bit weird. The main antagonist doesn't even show up until just before the third act. He's not really a villain, but more a final boss for John Wick to beat-up.<br/><br/>Overall, John Wick Chapter 3 is an amazing action flick up there with the other two films. If you're just looking for a good time with great action and set pieces then this is your movie. If you want a good story then you might be a bit disappointed. It's a solid film overall, but I do think it's the weakest in the franchise so far. The fight scenes were impressive, but there's way too many of them with minimal plot. Several people walked out of the relatively packed weekday early morning showing that I was at, probably partly because they didn't see the first two movies and also had no idea what to expect. I haven't seen the first movie yet, but I saw some of the second movie and from what I saw so far, it was much better. Everything is good except long hours of fighting. I'm so exhausted and tired to follow the details of fighting scene. I wasn't happy when Wick chose to cut his finger and fight for those greedy people. I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy watching this film. It's brutal & very suspenseful. The reason I don't give it a 10/10 is because some moments seemed very staged & absurd that John Wick himself was able to kill some people the way he did & how the dogs never got shot once out of all those enemies shooting at them. Some moments even made me laugh due to its absurdity. However, this movie has a lot of brutal fun that will keep you on the edge of your seat & wanting more & has some of the most revolutionary action scenes. I give this an 8/10. John Wick 3 continues the series tradition with excellent action scenes. No sloppy cuts or poor CGI to be found here. In the first few minutes, the movie surpasses its previous action scenes. In fact, I'd say the first thirty minutes of this film are pure bliss for those that love excellent fight choreography. Keanu Reeves continues to perform amazing fight scenes and make his character compelling and endearing. Even better, John Wick 3 adds moments to give John Wick some depth again, nice little emotional moments which bring the film up in writing quality. The writing is also quite interesting with a few interesting twists, refreshing variety in locations, and a plethora of interesting new allies and villains for John to interact with. I will say I felt the middle section of the film was largely a waste, but I enjoyed so much of the journey, I didn't much mind. I also wish there had been another club scene with Le Castlevania playing but alas, there is not. In the end, John Wick 3 is a wonderful action movie from beginning to end. It's camera work and visuals continue to impress. And Keanu Reeves continues to be a pleasure to watch with his amazing athleticism and knack for bringing action to life. Apparently, this is starting to look a lot like a franchise, depending on how well this movie does at the box office of course. Apparently Keanu has suggested that he will keep making John Wick films until people stop going and seeing them. Well, I have seen three so far, and it seems that they always end not so much on a cliff hanger, but with a teaser leaving room for a possible continuation (though this wasn't necessarily the case with the first movie).<br/><br/>So, this film begins where the previous film ended (which was also the case with the beginning of the previous film, though not necessarily the first film because, well, it was the first film). We have John Wick, and his dog, running through New York with something like every assassin waiting for the count down to end so that they can kill him and attempt to collect the $14 million bounty. However, this is John Wick, so as is suggested, the odds of him surviving are pretty much even.
Look, I'm not actually sure if there is actually a plot in this film, as it seems to have fallen into a category of 'an episode' and really only deals with John's attempt to try and get his name cleared, or more specifically the bounty removed from his head. The catch is, that this isn't the case of an innocent person attempting to prove himself innocent, but a guilty person attempting to escape the punishment he deserves.<br/><br/>I guess that is one of the problems with this film, namely its episodic nature - the film begins at a position which clearly indicates that there was something that came before, and ended in a position that gave it room for there to be another chapter at a later date. This means that one simply cannot just come into this film without actually watching the other two, and further, one does need to be a little familiar with what happened previously to understand why the film actually starts with Wick running, and why he has become incommunicado.<br/><br/>One of the interesting features though is the world in which it is set. It is a world where the criminal organisations live by a code, and there is an authority that basically rules over them. Further, there is also their own currency which they use. However, the thing about this film is that it is an action film through and through, and it basically never lets up. However, one of the major problems is that you do get to a point where simply watching somebody killing mooks does get a little boring, as is the case here. John Wick Chapter 3 is a success. It succeeds in doing what it should do and being self-aware enough to stick to what it knows it does. It's the type of movie that sticks to its lane, not trying to be overly ambitious, dramatic and it's definitely not trying to win the Oscar for best picture. The John Wick films are simple. This one, although a bit more complicated in certain aspects (which we'll talk about in a bit here) than the former entries in the series, continues to be a very simple premise that serves one purpose: To set up John Wick as a God Tier assassin who has to kill endless waves of other trained assassins in brutally satisfying ways. Since there is a ton of action in Chapter 3, the creators had to find a way to keep things fresh, which they most certainly did. Ranging from guns, assault rifles, shotguns, knives, swords, horses, motorcycles and dogs, the film manages to keep things pretty fresh as the creative ways Keanu Reeves kills all of these people. The action is mostly shot in wides, which is actually great because you get to really appreciate the choreography that goes into these films, especially in the scenes that are more martial arts/knife driven than the ones that are more about the guns. I will say that I personally enjoy these scenes a bit more, since for some reason I have always felt the stakes to be higher when it comes to being cut by a knife than getting shot. My favorite sequence in the entire movie is actually at the beginning where John Wick is fighting some asian dudes in this place that has like tons of knives in it, I think it's like a warfare museum or something. There's this really cool scene almost in the opening where John Wick grabs an old revolver but the bullets won't fit inside the barrel of the gun, so he disassembles the weapon and by using different parts of other weapons, he actually makes a new gun that can use the bullets in a very short period of time. This is what the John Wick movies are all about: Finding different, creative ways to kill people.<br/><br/>As for negatives, I think that this film really lacks that deep emotional connection and desire for revenge that the first movie had. as well as its simplicity. In this one, it's just JW killing a bunch of people (which is totally fine and awesome), but it's lacking an emotional connection to why he's actually doing these things. I mentioned before that the film does get a bit more complex in certain ways and that is because the high table concept and the way that this assassin organization works gets explored in more detail. This is something that I totally get and can get behind of in concept, as I loved how in Chapter 2 this universe is more fleshed-out and expanded, which is great. In this one we follow an adjudicator for a substantial part of the film and it didn't really work for me as well as the details explored in the last film. Here, for me it just took away from the pacing, which wasn't so great.<br/><br/>I almost forgot to mention the whole Halle Berry thing. I thought she did a great job and you can really tell she took the time and effort to learn the choreographies and do her own stunts, which I really enjoyed. I kinda laughed out loud during the part where John Wick is walking through the desert in his black suit waiting to get picked up by the "grand master" guy. I thought it was really funny considering just how simple the first John Wick movie was, just a guy getting revenge, a good old revenge flick. And this is like deep John Wick lore straight out of a comic book it would seem. I thought it was funny and interesting, definitely expanding on the John Wick universe, even if it detracts a bit from the "main mission".<br/><br/>Overall, John Wick 3 is what it should be and it does its job well. It's an entertaining action movie where John Wick kills 300 people in horrible, creative ways. I really liked it. This film may be better than a 5, but I couldn't rate it higher than Endgame. The biggest issue I have is the storyline - there isn't much of one. There's plenty of killing and violence, but if you ask me the fight scenes were entirely too long and became boring. Then the story would move a little and things would get better, then another too long fight would come up. All this movie appears to be is a filler between Chapter 2 and Chapter 4. They could have shortened it to about 20 minutes and combined it with the next Chapter. Superb action. Can't miss a single second. Action scenes are hilarious. John's temperament is sureal. I was really expecting more from this movie and i was disappointed.
The story was bad and characters were bad but this movie isnt that bad i really enjoyed the (action) brutality in this movie. I was absolutely floored by how well done almost every fight scene was choreographed. I don't know how, but they topped the first two by quite a bit. Some pretty good humor sprinkled throughout as well. Well worth the watch on an IMAX screen. Same as the 1st 2 for the cool way its shot and it's not just re-hashing the old story. Well done but a little longer than it needs to be so the action (and there's lots of it) can kind of drag on. Really stylish and action filled movie. "Guns. Lots of guns". You tell em' Keanu and the underused Halle Berry. The movie I'm about to review is "armed" and far from being "gun-shy".<br/><br/>Anyway, badass hit man John Wick now has a $14 million dollar bounty on his head. That's all because he killed a member of the international assassin's guild (it's no longer about a wife and a dead dog people). Everyone from New York City to Morocco is out to get John and he must use his special skills (and swanky suits) to defeat them.<br/><br/>Keanu Reeves plays Wick with a familiar screen presence, a flax of physicality, and a comparable way in which he hastily reloads a Walther P99. In all validity, Reeves seems to be steadily reinventing himself as an action star and it's a beautiful thing. Yeah, that's the gist of John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (my latest write-up).<br/><br/>Set in a fantasy world full of Spaghetti Western nods, cardboard liquidators, old school phone operators, pilot subtitles, and flux swordsmen, "Chapter 3" feels like a 130-minute, junkie bone-crunching sermon. Yeah there's a smidgen of a mumbo jumbo plot but it's more about the relentless melee here.<br/><br/>"Chapter 3's" director (Chad Stahelski) moves his camera around like a mild typhoon, letting everything spill out a la a bleeding video game. As for Reeves, well he's like Stahelski's almost indestructible muse. Basically Keanu makes Jet Li and even the late Bruce Lee look like Mister Rogers in comparison.<br/><br/>In conclusion, John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum isn't the best of the John Wick series (that honor goes to Chapter 2) but it's easily the most violent and most kung fu-ed. Call it "crouching tiger, hidden" Keanu. Call it "enter the" Keanu. Call it the Keanu "identity". Yup, it's a "wick" that still burns rightly and brightly. The question is will it burn enough with a 4th installment coming around the corner (hint, hint)? My rating: 3 stars. Where do you draw the line with action scenes? Well, for a John Wick film, there's apparently no limit.<br/><br/>The pros for John Wick 3 - some of the best action scenes ever. There's amazingly well choreographed, wide and single camera shots, that really show you the real and gritty nature of fights. It's also very creative, and constantly changing the environment and weapons, to keep you entertained. However ,this isn't really what holds you in.<br/><br/>You have action scenes sandwiched between really slow character moments. And the action being so good, makes the storylines between them, really pointless. You're just waiting for the next big moment, and there's a strong possibility that you'd be oversaturated with the fights after about an hour.
I feel like this movie could have been 30 minutes shorter, and still covered a majority of it's story.<br/><br/>If you're in for John Wick, you'll enjoy this collection of dogs and humans teaming up in a PUBG styled film. Otherwise, it's your average ,but well done action flick. Yes it was great fun. Yes the scenery / cinematrography was fabulous. Yes it was all out action. Yes I will be seeing the next film. Yes I am able to suspend belief for the sake of a good viewing experience. However, surely by now all the 'bad guys' (a blurred concept in the John Wick universe), must realise that to run at John Wick with a gun rather than selecting a secure vantage point to take a head shot is a bad idea. Surely they realise that after running him over repeatedly in cars, the best time to get him is before he gets up and runs away again. Surely the high table are less flippant than to swing their decisions based on a good fight?etc. etc. I'm okay with the concept that keeping a low profile on the back of a horse in New York city wouldn't be everybody's choice, but there are just too many situations like this that make it hard for me to completely immerse myself in the tidal wave of John Wick mania. And God knows I want to because it is all just so much fun to watch. The fight scenes are amazing but in some cases were like "ok really?!" As it was a bit far fetched. Some good attempts at humor. First 1/2 hour was jumping out of my seat, then slowly tapering off. I still like John Wick 2 better I thing this is the one of the best action movies. John Wick 3 is really better than 1 and 2, the story have continuity that's make I can enjoy for this movie. It's very different situations for the action... Pretty good one! Finally John Wick 3 has arrived. I was waiting for it since I saw the second part of it. The John Wick universe is absolutely fascinating. The continuous fighting and the neo-noir, cyberpunk kinda look is what sets it apart from the rest of the action movies. John Wick is beautifully choreographed and challenging.
Chapter 3 was no different. I loved the movie a lot but in the end I was a bit frustrated. When you advertise a movie and promote as it is the last one, you better make it the last one and not milk it out for more money. It's absolutely understandable that you want to make as much profit as you can from a franchise as big as John Wick, but a trilogy would've been the perfect end to the franchise. No matter how it ended. Parabellum expands the universe of John Wick and NY to new places such as Morocco and you also get to learn about John's humble beginnings in the Ruska Roma and more about his past. It's a thrilling 2 hour movie that leaves you wanting for more. And you'll probably get more in John Wick Chapter 4. I love Keanu Reeves and Halle Berry's on screen action but...it's simply not enough. Not to take anything away from Stahelski. The fact that he is a stuntman turned director is amazing, and he has managed to show to people all over the globe that he is capable of doing a fantastic work. But some moments in the film felt a bit too much. Like when you cut The Bowery King with 7 sword cuts and he lies dead on the floor. Or when John is thrown of a building and gets slammed left and right in the process but in the end both of them survive and plan to take revenge on the High Table. Well, that's a bit...much.<br/><br/>All in all, I think Parabellum was an amazing, truly amazing movie but I would really preferred if it was the last Chapter. All I can do now, is wait for the next installment in the franchise in probably 3 or so years. For all of those fans of action packed movies & specifically of the "John Wick" Series, this is a must watch movie from my end. The reason I say this is mainly because this movie definitely will not let your expectations down.<br/><br/>The aspect that I peculiarly like about the film is the action sequences are very well thought of & being made in the sense that they would happen like in a reality. Let me explain by this through a scene from the movie itself: The army of assassins sent by The High Table to kill John Wick were heavily geared up with impenetrable Body Armour. When it came to killing them John had to shoot atleast a minimum of 4-5 bullets in order to kill one person. That too it became easier to kill them once he found out that shooting them in the neck would be better as there is least protection there. This is definitely what you should expect of a scene where the enemies are so heavily armed, having shown that they would've died with one bullet straight would not only be illogical but also disappointing. This theme of showing realistic fighting is seen across the whole of the movie be it the action sequence in the water or the bike chasing scene.<br/><br/>I feel it's always better that the action sequences shown in a movie be more focused towards reality rather than just showing fancy-not-so-physics-wise-logical action scenarios. This simply also makes the audience feel more connected to it. I mean people just jumping off of cars & cliffs, throwing hundred kilo stuff at each other does not account for a good action sequence.<br/><br/>The story line was pretty simple & carried well across characters & scenes. Obviously I was prepared for the fact that this would be a full-fledged action film & expected it to be no less but some of the actions sequences were just carried on for too long, having no such great importance. Simply speaking they could've just eliminated a few of those & maybe spent that time on the story build ups. There were obviously logically flawed scenes too, which could've been thought of better, one of the main ones being towards the end, the scene on the rooftop (not giving more spoilers there). But in totality the movie was definitely a way forward for the action movies segment.<br/><br/>As for the Climax, It did not see that coming & interesting. It does set a tone for the next John Wick movie, Oh Boy, Oh Boy, YES, there is another one on the way, be prepared.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend any of you action enthusiasts to go watch this one, It's definitely worth your penny. Do watch it with your friends jumping off the seats whilst a blast. Ciao. Action write from the start, if you have seen previous films its more of the same, but must be a lot more bodies, if you like that. I'm a big fan of John Wick but sometimes too much action kind of ruins the movie. All action and no story simply drowned the movie to the point where at times I would catch myself asking will it ever end??? Fight after a fight after a fight, it became exhausting. Once again right on target ,amazing shooting and fighting ,looks like all the hard training pays off ,kickass surviving skillz refreshing to watch Halle Berry in any movie , always badass, exzzilerating and sexy as usual , awesome shooting and fighting skillz, bring on no#4 The scenes in the first half were so good it left the movie no where to go...it became repetitious and monotonous. The writing was weak, the action was good. A nonstop action thrill ride with brilliance and swift, cheesy dialogue that is just... UH it's so good! Not the greatest and most unique franchise plot, but phenomenal performances and even better action sequences! Not to be missed!! I thought this would have been the worst of the lot, but I was wrong. For me this is better than John wick 1 & 2, the action, the setting and the acting is excellent. I have heard people complain about the film is too long, for me it wasn't long enough. Halle Berry stole every scene the was in and the way she handled the dogs with the Action was really amazing. To be honest, I've gotta see this film again. Best action film of the past few years so far. The stunts in this movie alone are worth seeing in theatre! I have never been more pleased with a 3+ series of movies and the direction they are going in. Well done! It's clear the producers and Keanu himself have tons of fun creating John Wick, and that's why there will be another chapter after this one. However, everything has consequences, and not ending it here just made this chapter feel very drawn out.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, there were some very gruesome, awesome scenes that just triggers reactions from the audience And for that I still have to recommend you see it in theaters, as that is part of the fun.<br/><br/>Be seeing you. One of the most important thing is in action movies that they must be believable because if not they will be another cheap action movie. when you see the whole john wick franchise you get whatever you expect from action movies. In this franchise they did whatever they can do best and did it consistently. Actions with guns were very good with previous movies but in this movie director Chad stahelski diversified the actions with guns. Moreover he added scenes with knife actions and horseman vs motorcycle man. In the first act there was very quality in the fight secenes John kills a man with a book. Then there was a scene in Confidental hotel lots of mercenaries is sent by high table against John and it was very intense action scene . when you see that kind of action with gunfu you just want more and more. Keanu was also great in this movie. Side characters were good but not so speical. Halle berry, Ian Mcshane, Mark dacasscos and guys from The Raid movies was also good. My problem with the movie John doesn't solve his problem in the end and he finishes the movie where he begins. winston shots him in the roor of Confidental hotel and he doesn't kill him for some reason and he falls on the ground and Bowery King's mens finds him. Ending teases 4th movie. Briefly, it is very quality action movie you get what you expect from an action movie. I think it is the best movie of 2019 so far. All in all a very entertaining movie. Don't remember seeing so many shootings and killings in a single mainstream movie - boom, boom , boom, bang, bang, bang!!! That's not all though, it's got plenty of non-gun fights - swords, knives, hand fight, etc. And, dogs are not behind too when it comes to action.<br/><br/>The first half an hour was epic. The tension, the action, the clock ticking until the second John Wicks is officially ex-communicado, and what follows. Can't recall such a strong and entertaining opening of a movie in recent memory.<br/><br/>So many scenes which look more like a shooter game which is mental. But most action movies are mental anyway, aren't they? Again, it's not gun fights only. John Wick rides a beautiful horse as well as a sports bike which is one of his real life passions.<br/><br/>A very interesting closing which has nicely setup the scene for the next chapter of the franchise, which should be even more explosive considering who will face each other and what will be at stake. I have been a fan of John Wick for years and rewatching both chapters 1 and 2 multiple times, I am happy to say I can call this one on my favourite trilogies of all time.<br/><br/>The action is yet again fantastic but with a more tense undertone to each sequence, every scene was different and varied and never tiresome for a film with constant action. Keanu's practical work elevates already fantastic choreography leading to so many memorably moments. My favourite scenes had to be the end fight at the continental and the dog scene, both had fantastic lighting and music to aid.<br/><br/>My critisicms for the film begin with the calm period at the middle and the ending, the latter is something that is growing on me. My problem with the calm is that it feels quite pointless is retrospect and feels like a screeching halt to a fast paced fun experience.<br/><br/>Overall I am satisfied and happy with how this film turned out and I am interested in where else the series goes from here (may or may not). I adore good action and a nice fun experience that isn't annoying or obnoxious. I am happy to say this makes John Wick a complete trilogy. I gonna be quick on this one. I LOVE the John Wick franchise, but every movie is kind of getting "worst" than the last one (which is ok, when your standars are that high).<br/><br/>I still love the movie, is great, the action scenes are bigger, and with more elements than ever before in the franchise. However, the story losts itself a bit in the way. There isn't much more for John to do. Like, we learned in the first movie that he was retired, and didn't want anything to do with the criminal world anymore, so... what's the only way to get him back on action? To piss him off, and it works perfectly in the first one, and enough on the second one, but in Chapter 3, you kind of get confuse by what is really John Wick's motivation, if there is one really.<br/><br/>So, you can see this two ways: You can't either complain and this will make you overlook the GIGANTIC action acomplishment that the movie is (the horse scene, the motocycles scene, the finale, and so on) or you can just let it all go, and enjoy the fun and entertaining stuff that Keanu and everyone behind the John Wick franchise are doing. I will, choose, the second option.<br/><br/>I don't think any other John Wick movie will ever be as good as the first one, but it's fine, they don't need to.<br/><br/>I can't ignore the finale tho, I hate when movies let that lose plot line hoping for a sequel, I was OK with in the second one, but it's because it made more sense there, two times in a roll is a bit much.<br/><br/>7,5/10 Great movie, great actor, great action! Great, great, great! It has the ultimate lit fight scenes, although some of them are pretty lame. Hey, there's always room for improvement! Nothing is perfect, neither this movie. I just think the people who created it squeezed the best out of it and delivered it to us, for pure enjoyment. And they succeeded into doing that! This series is continuing to improve, chapter after chapter! And that's the beauty of it. I can't believe some of the reviews below. The best film since Jurassic Park in 1993 ! where has that person been ? if you like non stop fighting and killing then this film is for you. This is nowhere as good as the earlier John Wick films and the dialogue was predictable. The film could easily have been 30 mins shorter. My favourite in the franchise now, the action is the best and is non-stop with brilliant choreography, especially with the dogs in the second act with Hallie Berry (who was badass) Absolute joy to watch and my full audience was incredibly engaged and invested. The world building went to even greater depth. Keanu Reaves is an absolute monster, and despite his more wooden acting style, it works perfectly for his now iconic John wick character. This isn't a drawback, but more of an observation, but although the movie is just over 2 hours long it feels a lot longer, not that I was complaining, it just felt so much action was packed in. Can't praise it enough, the reason I dont give it a 10 is because I didn't really like the adjudicator character, some bodies just disappear completely and the public/ civilians don't seem to react to people dying right next to them. Also the ending was a bit wtf? As in how? But other than that, it is absolutely brilliant and a must watch for any action fan. Here we have a very well made, visually styled, John Wick sequel. It may be the best written and the best choreographed of all three. Did anyone know John Wick I would spawn these amazing sequels? It wasn't on my radar. Still, it has happened and this franchise is now a franchise to be reckoned with.<br/><br/>The film is rated R, it is 2h 10min long, an Action, Crime, Thriller, and was released May 17th 2019 (USA) As I write this review, it is reported to have knocked "Endgame" off the top of the box office charts.<br/><br/>The basic story is: Super-assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head - he is the target of hit men and women everywhere.<br/><br/>The director is: Chad Stahelski and the Writers: Derek Kolstad (screenplay by), Shay Hatten (screenplay by)
It stars: Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Ian McShane<br/><br/>Spoiler:<br/><br/>My favorite scene is where a hitan tries to collect the 14m bounty on John's head when he is in the New York Library. The guy is a scary giant sized killer, he appears to tower over Wick. Anyway, I really liked the way they used the theme of a "book as weapon" to enable John wick to win the fight. LIke "the Matrix" has so many of, this is a scene choreographed more as a dance than of killing & violence. Some will disagree,<br/><br/>I am opposed to gun violence like this but I give it an 8/10 for what it is and to show how well this film is made. I don't recommend it for viewers under 18. But for adults, I recommend it, it was a blast. What were your thoughts? Do leave me a comment. Great action, high bodycount, high tempo movie. Better than the fist 2 movies which is pretty unusual.<br/><br/>Highly entertaining. If you're super picky you can find holes in the story and action scenes - but that's not the point.<br/><br/>Just sit back and enjoy. Highly enjoyable and fun film.<br/><br/>Recommended. Having never watched either of the first two John Wick installments, I took a risk and decided to watch the latest Chapter 3 - Parabellum yesterday. I think it helped not having expectations, preconceived notions, or a frame of reference of the other two films. Given that the franchise's director, Chad Stahelski, has an accomplished background as a stunt coordinator, it was easy to gauge what this filmmaker aimed to achieve: forgoing a complex story and illuminating complex action.<br/><br/>With those goals in mind, I came away thoroughly impressed and entertained. The stunt work and choreography are just downright amazing. The editing was crisp and easy to follow. No barrage of quick and dizzying cuts. The narrative is sparse and minimal in line with Mad Max: Fury Road. The authenticity is a small step down from Mission: Impossible - Fallout, but a huge step up from anything Marvel has produced. The multitudes of set pieces are stunning. The neon-soaked night sequences look gorgeous on screen.<br/><br/>This film's backbone is clearly hyper-stylized violence. Death permeates in massive numbers with no shortage of blood spilled. Video game fans - or at least those familiar with renowned titles - will recognize the visual and stylistic inspirations. There are blatant parallels between this movie and the melee ferocity of Mortal Kombat or the rapid fire pacing of a first-person shooter. Lives lost rarely - if ever - induce any amount of cathartic response. The shear volume of kills is nothing short of absurd, but this movie - like its gaming counterparts - works because it basks in the absurdity.<br/><br/>In other cinematic universes, there is a tendency to interject the story with massive amounts of exposition. We learn about the intricacies of the past, people, places and events through dialogue and revelation. In the John Wick universe, mystery is the allure. The less we know about the High Table, the clandestine assassin organization that operates within the shadows, the more captivating the universe becomes. Characters like Sofia and the Director are seamlessly introduced into the narrative with veiled allusions to backstories, but never fully divulging any of the details. Perhaps it's part of a brilliant strategy to develop franchise spin-offs. It's this kind of withholding that made the original Star Wars franchise so compelling for engaging fan discussions and speculation.<br/><br/>Some of the more glaring issues were the lack of any real perceivable threat to the protagonist coupled with the hero's near superhuman invincibility. Despite the countless legions of henchmen and boss men, it never seems at any point in the movie that John Wick is facing serious odds of failure over success. The question is never 'Will he survive this round', but rather 'How many different style points can he rack up on the fatalities score card.' Suspension of disbelief treads on shaky ground at times. In a short window of time, Wick absorbs brutal blows, lacerations and bullet wounds. The laws of physics often teeter between reality and fantasy. Just how many collisions with moving vehicles and freefalls from atop buildings can one man endure?<br/><br/>I've noticed an interesting shift in recent years with film directors operating within the action and blockbuster realms. Where the backgrounds once leaned more toward the storyteller and artist as helmer, there now seems to be a growing preference for the technician and craftsman. Consider the likes of Brad Bird (animation), Tim Miller (visual effects) and Stahelski (stunts) leading big-budgeted projects Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol, Deadpool and the John Wick series respectively. These hires seem to indicate a growing studios push toward style and technique over narrative and drama. Time will tell if this strategy leads to an evolution of filmmaking or homogenous cultural output. Once upon a time, an almost washed out star Keanu Reeves, and a stunt director Chad Stahelski met and agreed that Hollywood needs to get one up on Oriental cinema with for usurping the action category crown martial arts extravaganzas such as The Raid, The Raid 2, Ong Bak, The Man from Nowhere, Ip-Man and Tom-Yum-Goong.<br/><br/>Minimum plot, maximum action- they decided, and out came John Wick in 2014. The movie practically invented a new action genre- gun fu. With 91 onscreen kills, and $88 million at the box office, there was no looking back. John Wick 2 released in 2017- had 119 confirmed onscreen kills and made $170 million at the box office. The numbers do not look like much, but consider the R-ratings, low budgets and critical acclaim, it is only natural that John Wick is here to entertain us again, with a kill count in the range of 170.<br/><br/>"Si vis pacem, para bellum" - translates to if you want peace, prepare for war.<br/><br/>Parabellum starts right where John Wick 2 ended. Wick is on the run in New York after being excommunicated by the High Table, and a bounty of $14 million is placed on his head. Cue to start of kill count. If John Wick 2 showed what he could do with a pencil, Parabellum shows what John can do with a book. He follows that up with a knife fight that sets up the action theme for the movie. Blades, lots of them all around, even though John prefers guns, lots of guns.
Wick has very few options and friends left, who in turn incur the wrath of the High Table too. the action quickly shifts to scenic Casablanca, where he elicits the help of fellow assassin Sofia. The two good things about Sofia are her two Malinois, and that she is played by Halle Berry, who makes finally makes us forget her action turn in Catwoman with a scene stealing act. Stahelski also goes one step further and invents- you got it, dog fu. They go for your "soft spots". Watch it to believe it.<br/><br/>Like it's predecessors, the plot can be summed up in one line- John Wick kills everybody.<br/><br/>However, as the series got bigger with every installment, Stahelski and Reeves continue to introduce new characters, and expand the Wicki-verse. In that process we also get to know John better and better. In John Wick 2, we got to know John knows sign language and Italian. In this one, we get to know he is originally Russian (Jovonovich= John Wick), he can speak Indonesian, and he knows there exists a higher power than the High Table. Staying true to the what the fans want, John duly dispatches every assassin who comes up against him in inventive style- guns and knives are passe, this time we have horse mule kicks, samurai swords, wacky motorbike chases, and that book! John Wick is so awesome that even his enemies go all giggly and blabbermouth in front of him.<br/><br/>Zero: "I've been a huge fan forever, and so far you haven't disappointed"<br/><br/>Keanu may not be a natural action star but he goes about his duties with an unmatched earnestness. Stahelski proves yet again that he is a master at framing visceral action shots. He is also great at casting- Mark Dacascos makes a welcome comeback as Zero, the sushi-chef assassin, while the Indonesian silat experts Yayan Ruhian and Cecep Arif Rahman do justice to the best fight sequence in the film.<br/><br/>The scale might be getting bigger than it should, the ending appeared forced, and the new characters not interesting enough anymore. But there is no denying that John Wick 3 is a martial arts masterpiece, and that Keanu Reeves has miles to go when it comes to the onscreen kill count scale. Jimmy Wang Yu is currently sitting pretty at 2477.<br/><br/>So I say, keep going at it, Keanu. If you are a fan of stylisting action sequences then you will find what you want. Stahelski, Reeves and company continue to escalate their excellence of craft, delivering the goods - and more - when it comes to all-out, breathtaking, wince-inducing action. Of course, 'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (2019)' gets a little indulgent. Its action scenes, which are almost exclusively fights, seem to go on for ages, which can be a little exhausting. They're all brilliantly crafted, that's for sure, but some of them come incredibly close to outstaying their welcome, often repeating similar gags one too many times. A couple are hampered, quite significantly, by seeming sort of arbitrary in the grand scheme of things, with tenuous ties to the overarching narrative. That narrative, too, is easily the weakest of the trilogy. It doesn't necessarily feel like a 'story', as such, and isn't even resolved, really. However, it has just as much charm as its predecessors. Plus, it aptly serves as a way to get Wick from extended set-piece to extended set-piece. These are as entertaining as ever and, perhaps, even more inventive. Each sequence has a specific 'gimmick', if you will, that keeps things feeling fresh. Whether its 'gun fu', the much talked about 'dog fu' or good old-fashioned 'Kung fu' (but not 'car fu', sadly), every action scene is wonderfully unique, excellently executed and effortlessly engaging. It's all just so exciting. The highlights, for me, are an early knife-throwing sequence and a late-game two-on-one face-off. The world-building, which might not feel as natural as before but still leads to several 'cool' moments, is also a big part of what makes the flick so charming. Even if the narrative isn't hugely satisfying, the characters, lore and action certainly are. There is, of course, storytelling through action, too. The piece just puts a smile on your face, despite often being quite grisly (more so than its predecessors in some select shots). Its action is pretty much perfect and it's a ton of fun. It really is great, one of the highlights of 2019. 9/10 Imagine Enter The Dragon x Hard to Kill x Black Rain x Bullet In The Head and you have John Wick Chapter 3 Parabellum.<br/><br/>Outstanding action but I wish the unarmed fighting was better scripted. If you break somebody's arm, they usually aren't going to use that arm to grab or punch you. The weapons action was incomparable.<br/><br/>And speaking of scripts and dialogue, the limiting factor is Reeves acting ability, so expect humorless video game level dialogue, but with all the action...who cares! The first film was good the second film was way better and this one was not bad John wick would be nothing without the action there is no real story line in any of them just kick ass action really The action in this film is a lot more intense than the previous films. So much blood and killing. Mr. Wick can't catch a break! Even I was exhausted watching him fight after fight after fight. Keanu is always great to watch.<br/><br/>The Good:
<ul><li>Incredible fight scenes with more interesting ways Wick killed people.</li><li>Sofia's kickass dogs.</li><li>Sofia. I actually didn't mind Halle Berry in this and her fight scenes were great. I'm wondering if this was her audition for a spin off when Keanu retires from this role. Regardless, I wouldn't mind seeing her back for the sequel, ONLY if she's Wick's support and they don't make an SJW out of her.</li><li>We finally get to see Charon in action and he survives!</li></ul><br/><br/>The Bad:
<ul><li>There was a repeat stunt with a horse. Was great the first time but the second was repetitive.</li><li>The humour was a bit overdone this time. It's especially bad in the final battle with Zero. The timing just wasn't right for that and it was unnecessary. The rest was great.</li><li>When Wick fell from the Continental's roof, that fall looked really bad and he should have died. It was a bit much. Whoever choreographed that fall clearly didn't do his research.</li><li>There was not much to the story. This movie felt like a filler to the rest of the series. Like a long list of deleted fight scenes. Didn't add much to story.</li></ul> I respect Keanu because of The Matrix and I met him once (he's a really great guy). And for that I will support his movies usually. Now, I didn't hate this one but this trilogy is definitely designed to entertain the lowest common denominator.<br/><br/>I know this sounds smug and it probably is but how many close-range shots to the head will be enough? At some point something resembling a narrative HAS to take shape, right? And we all know Keanu can't act and that's part of his charm, but these lines are so cringey it almost hurts.<br/><br/>Most action, while repetitive, is cool and the suits make it pop. But all this token/rules crap is something I'd have found cool when I was twelve. Still, I had a free reward ticket so why not. Keanu still rocks... The John Wick series is the very best place to go if you want intense, incredibly well-choreographed action.<br/><br/>The film opens immediately after Chapter 2, with John Wick an hour away from being excommunicated from the assassin community and being marked for death. While the story structure is just fine, the action is what takes center stage. The film feels like it has more action sequences than the first two titles put together. John Wick 3 works miracles though, and these scenes never get tiring or overstay their welcome. They are also shot in such a way that glorifies the fight choreography and follows the fights in a coherent manner. Most action films focus on multiple edits per second in order to manufacture intensity from a dull fight, but the fights and shootouts in JW3 stand on their own.<br/><br/>The acting is excellent all around. Veteran characters like Winston, the Concierge and the Bowery King all get their time in the spotlight. New characters like the Adjudicator and Zero are excellent.<br/><br/>Sadly, there are a couple of negatives. Once in a while there are lapses in logic. On more than one occasion I found myself mentally urging characters to just shoot someone already, because letting them live will just cause bigger problems later on. And sure enough, those problems come flooding in.<br/><br/>Near the end, a character with whom we are quite familiar makes a baffling and idiotic decision that completely goes against his character.<br/><br/>I also wasn't thrilled with the fact that the film spent time setting up another sequel. This series hasn't dipped in quality yet, but if they keep going on without end, then they're sure to slip up at some point.<br/><br/>All in all, a damn fine cinematic experience. The major theme at work is that actions have consequences. If you decide to see this film, the consequence is that you will be thrilled for almost every second of the runtime.<br/><br/>9/10 I see comments like there is no plot and blablabla, but actually the fight scenes looks very unlogical. In the first two movies he killed very efficiently, but now they kill only for "beautiful" scenes, a lot of choreography, rolling, slams, but all of them have no sense. I liked first two parts more Outstanding action flick. It ends a fantastic trilogy with absurd , fantastical non stop ultra violent sequences. A fine bloody Summer escape. The first two parts were much better in context and excitement. I don't see any reason for a fourth turn. John Wick Chapter 3 is a movie that has inspired me to pick up a pen(hypothetically) and write a review after eons. Delicious is the only word that comes to mind. I was scared that the third installment of the John Wick series might not be up to the mark as the first 2 had set the bars high. I have to say that the third one exceeds all my expectations and surpasses 1 and 2 by leaps.<br/><br/>The fight scenes are not limited to Guns this time around, there are a lot of fights with knives, swords and sometimes random things like books, belts and horses. Keanu Reeves has delivered an amazing performance and it helps that he does not age.<br/><br/>Lovely choice of actors to pay the various roles. I would have loved to see Ruby Rose again, but the new characters do not disappoint. Some of the strong characters in the movie have hardly any screen time. Most of the newly introduced characters leave us with more questions than answers. This makes more sense towards the end as you realize that you do not want this series to end at all, or better still - it would have been fantastic if John Wick were a series and we would not have to wait years between installments. Lovely character building and makes you want to see more of these characters.<br/><br/>Halle Berry has a nice role with a lot of emotional background which are left vague - I wonder if she will get her own movie soon. If she does, I would be amongst the first to get the tickets- after all anyone with 2 awesome dogs deserves their own movie.<br/><br/>As crazy as the fight sequences are, I love the way certain scenes make us smile. When John Wick started pulling signature WWE moves, I all but jumped out of my seat cheering.<br/><br/>If there were one movie that was made with me in mind as the audience, it has to be John Wick - A hero with emotional baggage, almost suicidal with self-pity, A dog lover to the core, fight sequences that belong on stage as art, a different world within our world and the right kind of humor. I am glad that my biggest countdown of 2019 is a completely worth my time. Since John Wick 1, I admire how finally after years, action movies have problem to combine hand in hand combat with guns in one scene, it is over. John Wick 1 did it well, open our eyes with a making-sense fighting scenes of skillful hitmen.<br/><br/>The drama of the murdered of the beloved dog, as big reason for Wick to somehow get back in business, quite get us. But in John Wick 2 there was simple story made up for this sequel. Once again Wick is involved in fight, bang-bang! scenes. We know hundreds of scripts are available to develop the story, this one is lame. I believe it is more about the deadline and bottom line who decide drama part should step aside. Still it was a box office anyway.<br/><br/>Now John Wick 3, the fight, bang-bang! scenes have reached new level, dominates over 90% of the scenes. They creatively choreographed the rumbles. Gore rumbles. They also dare to use mostly steady camera shooting. Frankly resulting of unreal moves, slow punching and kicking. We clearly see many times in certain step of fight, the bounty hunters wait and give open spot for Wick to hit. This is not good. I know in Bourne trilogy, the fight scenes were totally helped by moving camera shooting, quite stressing our visions, but well-done made us believe how cool is Matt Damon, or how tough is Liam Neeson in Taken. Keanu Reeves is not young anymore, my hat off though, but they should come up with better idea to cover his age.<br/><br/>Last but not least, I am Indonesian and so proud of putting two fellas Indonesian martial artists in the final scenes, Cecep and Yayan. They did true awesome job.<br/><br/>It is also good to see Mark "paranaue" Dacascos spin his kicks once again. This is at least a high 6/low 7. The plot doesn't really matter for this one. There are funny parts as a bonus but the action is what you're watching it for. Also some of the scenes are pretty beautiful.<br/><br/>Definitely watch it if you liked the first one. Much better than the second one, matches the first one in quality. Prepare for war. Quite literally. Parabellum is an all out war and it shows from the opening minutes of this film. I don't know many people who don't like Keanu Reeves as the stylish assassin John Wick. Well, we've now got a trilogy on our hands which was always the plan. The first two films are very fun and stylish action heavy films. Expect more of the same with the third installment, but somehow its all jacked up. This was a splendid time in the cinema due to its neon aura and relentless fight scenes.<br/><br/>The film takes place after the events of Chapter 2. John Wick is on the run and there is a bounty on his head for 15 million. John Wick is an obviously capable hitman but new forces led by a woman nicknamed The Adjudicator prove to be a difficult enemy. Wick must rely on old friends and partners to escape those who want him dead. A lot of the former cast do return for this film with the addition of Halle Berry and Asia Kate Dillon. In all essences its a direct continuation of the second film.<br/><br/>Balls to the wall action. its beautifully choreographed. The action scenes are so crisp and sharp. Its all so violent an fast and occurs on different terrains. Guns, knives, hand to hand combat, you got it all. The scenes look gorgeous with the night city lights and the brightly lit up neon lights. There's not much to go on with story but really the reason we are all here is for the incredible fight scenes. On that front, you get everything you came for. Its a long film but really is a fun watch as the film moves along with its fast paced action.<br/><br/>The film is series building, I was hoping they would end it with a trilogy but there seems to be more on its way. Reeves is great in this and really excels as Wick. He still has his cheesy lines and is as intuitive as ever in the battles. Chad Stahelski has seriously mastered this series and has found a way to make it better and still feel as fresh as ever. Bring on the crazy, this film is madness. If you like the other two you will love this one for sure.<br/><br/>8/10 Savior, Stoner, Super assassin, these words are just some of the descriptions that come to mind for the star of our next film review. Years ago, a little puppy unleashed the torrent of the Baba Yaga's rage as millions of extras were taken out by coordinated destruction in some of the most adrenaline pumping films this decade. John Wick has become a cult phenomenon that has gotten guys like me revved up in all the high-octane fun that comes with the dark action flick. A third installment has appeared this weekend, with our "hero" now being on the run from the very organization he has served for so long. Will the third installment be able to expand upon the universe, or is it just too much? Robbie K here with another review on:<br/><br/>Movie: John Wick 3: Parabellum (2019)<br/><br/>
Director:
Chad Stahelski
Writers:
Derek Kolstad (screenplay by), Shay Hatten (screenplay by)
Stars:
Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Ian McShane<br/><br/>LIKES:<br/><br/>Comedy
Dogs
Use of Second Characters
Expanding The Story
Fast Pace
Action Sequences/Choreography<br/><br/>DISLIKES:
Excessive Violence
Some Underwhelming Story arcs
The Excessive Destruction
Unrealistic moments taken too far at times
The Ending<br/><br/>Similar Movies:
John Wick 1 and 2
Kill Bill Vol 1 and 2
Ninja Assassin<br/><br/>SUMMARY:<br/><br/>When it comes to John Wick you know what you are getting into and in terms of likes the movie just continues to expand upon the legacy of the Baba Yaga! The comedy is dark, much like the tone of the movie, managing to merge a variety of writing styles into the mix to somehow offset the edge this film has. Even in the dogs there is comedy to a darker sense, but this brings up that the movie actually utilizes its character very well in this chapter. Halle Berry, McShane, even the Concierge (Lance Reddick) are utilized well in this tale, with adequate screen time and action sequences that are all relevant. The results is an expansion of the story, utilizing the background information, these relationships, and some new characters to evolve the tale even more. As such, it gives some slight relevance to the violence at hand. Yet, the biggest components to this film are the pace and the action sequences. John Wick's choreographed chaos only continues to expand, pushing past the gun play that was semi okay in chapter 2, and opens up some new styles to get your fists (and bloodlust) pumping. From nearly start to finish, there is not much down time from the carnage and if that's a movie you want... you've got it.
Yet, the movie's glorification of violence sometimes gets to levels that aren't necessary outside of appeasing that gore craving some might have. The excessive displays of death are a part of it, but this tactic is not my cup of tea without really needing it for story. In addition, though there has been expansion of the tale, there were some leads laid out that didn't quite add to anything other than what the ending sets up. It's lackluster story telling that merely seems to extend the shelf life of this revenge tale as it sets up its players for the next acts. Well either that or to provide more moments of destruction which again become a little too much at times. Often use as a running joke, John Wick 3 sometimes goes to extensive rounds just to have our guys go through some form of breakable glass. It's mostly fine, but there are several extensive sequences of just unnecessary destruction to get a laugh and extend the unrealistic moments even further. In regards, to the unrealistic moments, I understand how much fantasy there is in this series, but there are even limits in the universe that don't seem to be followed consistently. Wick's stamina and ability to bounce back from serious injuries is already incredible, but there are times where again the excessive punishment is unbelievable and the rules are redrawn for either a running joke or a god complex.
Let's face it, John Wick 3 is all about continuing the trend of violence, action, and the dark edge that we have loved in the first two installments. New fans and old fans should dive right into the adrenaline rush, happy with the guns and hand to hand combat sequences that inhabit this movie. It's true, it's over the top and full of ridiculous moments that have made this series famous, but in this installment, they are going a little too far to push the envelope in regards to stunts, stamina, and death count. While most won't be affected, and perhaps love this component, the continued pushing of the edge is also starting to lose the balance that this once had, beginning to get to the levels that the Fast and Furious series are starting to take. Still, I really enjoyed this film, the action it brought, and all the cinema worthy stunts and special effects make it worthy of a theater visit.<br/><br/>Overall my scores are:<br/><br/>Action/Crime Thriller: 8.0-8.5
Movie Overall: 7.0 The man, the myth, the legend, is back !!! And the action is on another level, but of course, with a bounty so high everyone would like to kill him.
On the run, John Wick's time is ticking and in order to survive, he's turning to his old friends and enemies alike for assistance.
For more than 2 hours, the audience will witness an action packed movie without let up. The John Wick franchise really changed the way action movies were made.
Parabellum. There's no way you can count the bullets used in this film ! When I say overkill I mean it literally. I think more people were killed by John Wick in this movie than we lost in World War II. It is fun with great fight scenes. However, it is totally unbelievable. Wick is hit by two cars, shot, stabbed, and falls off high building hitting metal verandas on the way down. The movie is 70% fight scenes. I will stay with the first one. Halle Berry helped to redeem the movie. She was great! This movie is probably a good 70% actions, and 30% story. There is literally at least 80 minutes to straight up action if you were to cut up all the action scenes. Most of the action is great, especially a scene where John Wick beats a guy to death with a big book, and does a Mortal Kombat-like fatality on the guy using a book, as well as an amazing knife throwing fight scene. The final big shootout is pretty cool and funny, and the Halle Berry action scene is also pretty badass, with a lot of long single takes.<br/><br/>The big final fight with these 3 badass ninja assassins was cool, but it went on a little bit too long. I mean, how many times do we have to see them kick John Wick through glass? It went on a little bit too long, but it is still pretty cool.<br/><br/>There are some pretty funny comedic scenes in this movie, and John Wick doesn't really say much besides "yes," and "go."<br/><br/>Anyways, if you want to see a horse kick a man's head backwards then go watch John Wick 3!