This show is visually.. unbelievable. The acting is outstanding. Every character plays an insanely difficult role to uphold their character. This show is very hard to watch at times - and raises the question of "why?" often. Most negative reviews are coming from those who cannot acquire a taste for the vulgarity of this - which is understandable. This show is not for everyone. But it's undeniable that this show is flawlessly directed - and the actors are so impressive. This is not one of the best shows i've seen in terms of story line, but in terms of cinematography and acting this show is superb. Gotta give it up to Zendaya, too. Wow. As the father of a teenage girl, I find this very hard to watch, but essential. I have to have several sessions to get through to the end of each episode. These situations ARE real, but maybe don't all occur at the same place and in the same period of time, as they have been put together here for dramatic effect.<br/><br/>Other reviews here are written from the point-of-view of "is it entertaining". I'm writing this with the view of it as docufiction, and I don't apologise for giving 10/10 as such, not as entertainment. I'm so sick of seeing people give shows and movies 1/10 if they don't like it or 10/10 if they like it. So here is my short, messy and jumbled, but NUANCED review. This show is pretty great so far! It's not a masterpiece 10/10 and it's certainly not a 1/10. The first episode takes us through the life of the main character and just begins to introduce the supporting characters. The cinematography, writing, acting and pacing are all fantastic. It is a sad, depressing, shocking, and disturbing show. It's not for everyone. But it grabbed my attention immediately and held it through the whole episode. There were parts where I almost teared up, and one part where I literally had my jaw hanging open! (And not because of any of the nudity, drug use, or violence that many people have been clutching their pearls over.) My biggest criticism would be that there are two characters who aren't fleshed out at ALL so far. They're flat, one dimensional and not likeable. In fact, one of them is absolutely terrible with 0 redeeming qualities. However, since this is only the first episode and i assume the show will flesh all the characters out throughout the rest of the 8 episode run, it's kind of unfair to criticize on this point too much. Thankfully, I do care about all the other characters for the most part. The show also happens to have one of the few, and most realistic on screen depictions of OCD and mental illness/disorders I've seen in my life. I say this as someone with OCD, though not the same type and perhaps not as severe as is depicted.<br/><br/>
Anyway, the first episode overall is a great pilot. It starts strong, keeps you intrigued, and ends with a little twist. I am definitely going to tune in in the weeks to come.<br/><br/>
SIDE NOTE: one of the biggest criticisms I've been hearing of the show so far is that it's "not realistic." "Teens don't do THIS many drugs." "Teens don't have THIS much sex, or party THIS hard." Etc. In response I'd say this: speak for your damn self. As a teen, my experience certainly wasn't like this at all. But just because my experience wasn't like this and your experience may not have been like this, doesn't mean it wasn't like this for anyone else. The creator, Sam Levinson has stated he took inspiration for Euphoria from his struggles with addiction as a teen. Many teens struggle with drugs, violence, sex, partying, social pressures, social media, bullying etc.... and most teens will find at least some stuff in the show relatable. For me, it was the OCD depiction. Also, even if it's not realistic to you, who cares? If it's entertaining and high quality (which it is) then you'll probably enjoy it. I'm gonna try to keep it brief.<br/><br/>in the beginning, it seemed like the show was dark just for the sake of being dark.<br/><br/>everything seemed clichéd, and there was a vast degree of exaggerated negativity.<br/><br/>mix that with a slow beginning, and you've turned off most of your potential viewers.<br/><br/>however, during the fourth episode, i began to witness the story take a definite direction. it seemed to me that the relationships among the characters increased in complexity.<br/><br/>i would agree that this show isn't for everyone, but please give time for the story to develop before plaguing it with the 1-star reviews.<br/><br/>for me, Jules' backstory in the beginning of episode 4, along with the perfect music accompanying it, is the reason for my high rating. i don't think i've ever been moved this much by a tv show. I'm loving this show and the issues it explores, however, I do not believe the content jibes with a high school age cast of characters. I believe it would have better and more realistically been explored in a college setting... Nevertheless, I give the show a 9 because it is very well done and crosses a lot of boundaries in TV making. Thanks to HBO Listen to me, this show is very good.
It's true that it has clichés but these characters, even if clichés, are well depicted and amazingly written. Everyone has a background that we get to know in every episode.
Honestly I don't get why people say that this show portrays drugs in a good way. Like, are we watching the same show or what? It shows what it's like to be an addict. At this point I'm wondering if you've ever met an addict because I did and the scenes where Rue describes how she feels after taking drugs are so freaking honest to the point I get goosebumps. This show it's not an hymn to drugs, it shows what's like to have an addiction.
I cried during episode 3 when Ali scolds Rue and tells her how having an addiction affects the people you love. Someone I deeply love is an addict and everything he said it's exactly how I feel.
So please, stop judging a tv show just for the fun of it. Be honest. 9 out of 10 only because it's almost obviously shocking for shock value. But don't kid yourself, this is very real. Kids are doing this these days. Want to find out for yourself? Befriend you teens friends. Let them chat while you pretend not to listen.<br/><br/>Moving on, Zendaya is fabulous. Beyond fabulous. So is her sister. It's a semi-unique story. Teenage angst will never end, it just becomes grittier. This series had potential as a gritty yet entertaining updating of the depiction of teens' lives. It's been done before - Skins (the UK version) was particularly good (though only initially: it ran out of steam after about two seasons).<br/><br/>Occasionally the series lives up to its promise, with a few stories that are quite interesting and engaging. However, for the most part it is quite dull and unengaging. The central character - Rue - is the main cause of the problem, coming across as superficial, self-absorbed and pretentious. In fact the whole series feels like that, though it might accurately describe teens' lives (!).<br/><br/>As mentioned, some side-stories are interesting, but these are not enough to make this watchable. The show is truly addictive and intense in a way. The amzing cenimaphotgraphy and creative story telling are hard to beat. The impressive cast made it even more addictive, by watching Zendaya laughing and cry could be so entertaining and moving, She is on her way to the best actress for next Emmy award! I can't say that I love it or even hate it, it's somewhere in between I'm lost in the plot itself I don't know what it's trying to say. The characters are not really loveable or relatable I'm just not sure what type of audience is this for.. I know it's a little bit too cliched and a bit too overwhelming and virtuoso, but seeing these amazing cinematography, amazing direction, amazing actors and soundtrack and editing, I just can't help myself but fall in love with this show, because it's DIFFERENT from other YA movies and shows, it's special, not because of its controversial materials, not because of its stereotypical story and characters (especially the cliched pool party), but it's the way of storytelling that makes it intriguing for me, and it's also unique enough to stand out from the other YA shows. There is nothing honest or insightful here deeper than an after school special. Really just prurient adults with a nice budget and film school pretensions playing at debaucheries they've never experienced but wish they could. After watching the first couple of episodes it seems clear to me one of the issues with the show is that it is rather schizophrenic - it's all over the place. This can sometimes be an effective form of storytelling if the pieces all work together nicely.<br/><br/>But in this case, the show almost seems directionless. I mean, what is the point? Drugs are bad? Some teens have sex? The internet is as much or more a dark, seedy place than it is a source of enlightenment? The show goes out of it's way to be graphic and in your face, but it's not clear if it's to show the viewer the perils of the lifestyle or just glorifies it for shock value. The message is muddled.<br/><br/>While there are definitely adolescents like the ones depicted in the show, it's pretty clear the show uses the same stereotypes and tropes about teens (they are angsty, rebellious, etc.) and generalizes too broadly.<br/><br/>And where are the parents? No doubt there are some parents that, for whatever reason (guilt, disinterest, weakness, etc.), let their kids do whatever they want. But really? Massive house parties at expensive houses with pools (and not a cop car in site, even for noise?) kids coming and going at will at all hours of the night? Complete lack of supervision, even when the parents are home? It happens. But on this scale? It's a little over the top.<br/><br/>I like Zendaya. I think she's a good, talented young actress and for the most part, she is ok in this role. I think she has the potential to be a great actress, but not yet. Her current range falls a bit short in trying to convince the audience she is a hard core addict, and I just have trouble buying it.<br/><br/>The rest of the performances are good, but not great. I can't say I've been blown away by anyone, but the performances themselves are fine.<br/><br/>The problem is the characters themselves. Almost none of them are likable, including the main characters. It's hard to sympathize and connect to characters you either don't like or don't care about. And here in lies the problem - I just don't care about the characters I should and I really hate the characters I can't stand. So, where is the investment then?<br/><br/>On the plus side, the cinematography is really good and sometimes even feels fresh and creative.<br/><br/>Overall though, despite all the hype, there's nothing groundbreaking happening here. Once you get past the shock value, the characters are rather flimsy, the plot lacks coherent direction, and the message is confusing. I rarely write reviews on this site, especially not bad ones. This is actually my first bad review and I feel it's well deserved. I dont understand this show; who is its target audience? and who at HBO gave it the green light- go ahead? Mature, rated R subject matter and teens dont usually mix well and it definitely doesnt here.
The dialogue between charecters is painfully to the ears. All the non-adult charecters in euphorias' suburban setting all talk like they were plucked out of boys N' the hoods' south central, even despite not looking like those charecters. Some of the charecters are absolutely absurd, most notably the main charecter Rubys' 11 year old drug dealer. (btw, he ain't just slanging grass).
To wrap this up, in short, what makes this show undesirable at least for me is that the actual high points of this show; the truly stunning visuals, cinematography, directing and overall impressive production are completely being wasted on a show with a terrible concept/ premise and lack-lustre screenwriting... What the hell HBO? I haven't been this confused since they decided to cancel dead wood... that's all thanks for listening to my rant! Give it a wide berth. Bye y'all. This show has really no good argument, nor any good reason to exist.
The pilot is weak and doesn't set any pace to the show.
The narration tries to be creative but ends up confusing the average viewer breaking completely the almost nonexisting storytelling.
The main character is yet another rebel teenager that does whatever she wants without thinking about the consequences, same old story.
The "controversial" themes everyone talked about are just stereotypes and carry the same saturated agenda.
The photography is the only place it shines, kudos to the photography director.
Too hyped and overall is not interesting or fresh. After watching the pilot, I can already tell this show's going to be something special. It's gorgeously shot, well-acted, and above all else- painfully honest. One of the best pilots I've seen in recent memory. I think most reviews totally missed the real intriguing aspect of Euphoria. It's a drug induced trip through 21st Century older teens.
Jules is definitely the biggest character. A trans teenager, played wonderfully by Hunter Schafer (Who's a trans Model and LGBT activist)
And I think it was so subtle that many people missed it; from her hooking up with an older man from Grindr who's in to domination of trans women and effeminate gay guys to her laying with Zendaya at the end with a bulge in her panties.
Clearly some bisexuality is going to be explored.
Add in the drug rehab culture, which I'm thinking people writing these reviews must not know much about it because Zendaya is dead on what it's like to be an addict.
Finally, you can tell people are full of it saying how it's rehashing of Kids and Skins, it's from an Israeli show called "Euphoria" A beautiful and thought-provoking show. I don't understand all the negativity and judgement in the other reviews. It shines a light on real issues and deals with them honestly. Granted it is graphic but that's realism for you. It also managed to be incredibly funny at times and insightful while dealing with some pretty messed up stuff. Plus the acting, writing, music, camera work, etc are all on point. Just a copy of the movie Kids from the 90's. Nothing new, just applied to the current generation. Honestly boring and over hyped. I only gave it 4 stars for the cinematography. I will be honest I had high hopes. I saw this show was extremely controversial and I was hoping this was due to the content of the story line. It's not. It's due to the content on the screen. While it looks like it will showcase a deep thought out portrayal of growing up.
It really just uses screen time to demonstrate some of the worst atrocities that can happen to young teenagers in America. The worst part being it shows the issues so close together that they move from real problems to bombastic shock and awes that truly numb the whole content delivery. Ultimately if you have access to the internet most of these stories have been seen 1000's of times over via Reddit or name you board here. This show showcases them it never explored them. I will watch the next episode and maybe I will be wrong? Episode one was not that interesting on its own. It's a teen drama with plenty of drugs, sex, and nudity, including full-frontal male. Even by HBO standards, that's pushing the envelope.
Personally, I'm not opposed, far from it. But this is a teen show with lots of content unsuitable for teenagers.
So, the question is who is HBO's intended audience? Teenagers flouting their parents rules? Or older audience members looking to see some young (mostly in very good shape) bodies? It's way too over dramatic. The lives of each teen seems so unrealistic. I see that they're trying to cover real problems but it just doesn't make much sense for high school students. I feel as though it would be much better if the characters were college students.<br/><br/>Some of the stuff in this show is so extreme for 16/17 year olds. I'm 16 years old and it felt like I was watching a bunch of "teenagers" acting way too old for their age. I don't necessarily know to explain it but it just seemed like the teenagers weren't around the same age as me. I often forgot they were teens and it made it very hard to relate to them. A good central storyline with a bunch of useless storyline crowed around it. A lot of unlikeable characters makes the show irritating to watch at times and takes from the heart of the show. This is what happens when a couple of writers approaching 40 write about high school. It may have been their experience but it has no insight into what is happening now. It is all stereotypes. They do their best to shock us, but nothing is new here. What happened to all the guys' shirts? Borderline exploitation falsely packaged as "meaningful." Skip it. Also terrible acting from a lot of the characters.
Super unrealistic depiction of real life too. I kept hoping the story would eventually lead to something. Take away the shock value of this show and there was no real substance there. Every episode is dedicated to learning about a different character, similar to 13 Reasons why, except in that show there is a reason for this and it adds to the overall story. In this case it added nothing to the overall story. I admit honestly. I was fooled by the reviews of well-known journalists. I read in reviews that it is a great and innovative series. Really? The story in this series is cliched and adds nothing to the subject. Boys are predators, girls are victims. Misogyny at it's best. Weak characters and dialogs. I have the impression that the only thing Euphoria has to offer is controversy. Lots of drugs, swearing and nudity of teenage characters, especially male. I know that actors are adults but it's still simply untasteful and totally unnecessary. HBO successively shifts the boundaries of good taste, why? So here comes the question. What was a purpose of creating Euphoria? On the one hand, this is a well written and acted series. Zendaya does a sold job playing a drugged out kid who cares more for drugs than just about anything else. Many of the other actors do a solid job presenting their messed up characters. And basically I can see how it can ring true in just about any major city today.<br/><br/>That being said, I don't want to see it. First Zendaya herself is known for presenting a positive image to kids in her real life persona. So for her to "glorify" and yes, she is glorifying, drug use on this scale makes me no longer like her as a real life artist. She has caved like all the rest of them to the Hollywood sick-o machine - something that she thinks is "real" or she thinks is hip, without apparently thinking of the example she sets for those who watch her.<br/><br/>Secondly, this show is a yet another crass attempt by grown ups to make kids feel they are destined for horrible lives and that they can't do better - and for the grownups to get rich off it. Or in other words for Hollywood to get its sick-o tendency's out by convincing kids "that is how it is." Kids I am here to tell you -- it doesn't have to be like this! You don't have to meet old guys in hotel room to be used. You don't need to go to parties where the only thing you will get is revenge porn and an STD. If you have anxiety attacks you don't need drugs. In fact, drugs will just make everything worse. I wanted this to be good. Quite frankly though, it's a stinker.<br/><br/>It just throws out a bunch of issues some teenagers might face, but without any depth. Who are these kids and do we really care? The answer is no, we don't.<br/><br/>It feels more like a creepy middle aged mans fantasy of what teenagers are up to, rather than a representation of actual adolescence. And I think that's who the show is targeting - creepy old men. I mean, the kids dress like cartoon characters, engage in public and group sex, have endless supplies of drugs, and the guys are all 25 year olds with roid rage. Maybe introducing the issues gradually throughout the series, while building some sympathy for the characters, would have been more effective. Overall though, the characters are uninspiring and boring.<br/><br/>I notice most of the positive reviews state that if you didn't like it you must be a prude. But honestly, this show is no different from other teen dramas that seek to shock with sex and drugs, rather than truly depicting teen life. I mean... where are the pimply faces? Where are the ethnic kids working to have a better life than their parents? Or the kids being sexually abused by family members? Or kids who don't have time to party because they have part-time jobs? Or the kids called frigid because they don't identify as bi?<br/><br/>This show, like many others before it, isn't interested in teenagers. It's just interested in trying to shock viewers. Unfortunately, we're so desensitized that it just comes of as boring.<br/><br/>One positive... it looks pretty. The rest is basic and boring. It's exploitation pure and simple.<br/><br/>An X rated Degrassi Jr. High.<br/><br/>That's no mistake as Aubrey Graham aka Drake, who starred in the Degrassi Jr. High television series, produced this stereotype-laden, cringe-fest.<br/><br/>That being said, there is some excellent camera work and art direction combined with a good soundtrack. Unfortunately, the actor's performances are middling, and the script is weak canceling out any of the positives of the show.<br/><br/>Then there are the rebellious characters that inhabit the show who, as of the first episode, seemingly have nothing to rebel against but for the mere fact they were born... Literally, it's the opening scene.<br/><br/>As far as suspension of disbelief can I ask where these kids are supposed to be getting all the money for their drugs and liquor? I saw the first episode of "Euphoria" from start to finish, even though I was tempted to quit on it midway, but I thought I should give it a fair chance over a full episode. I can tell you now that I will not watch any further episodes. I am not a prude, and I can appreciate the beautiful photography and some of the acting performances. That said, this show makes it look as if every single 17 yr. old high school kid has mainly three things in mind (and then acts upon it): boozing, drugs, and sex. Nothing more, nothing less. Are there some 17 yr. old like that? I'm sure there are.<br/><br/>Let me ask you this: how many 17 yr. old kids do you know first hand who live like the 17 yr. old kids portrayed in "Euphoria"? Like the Jules character, who chats and meets up with an anonymous guy old enough to be her dad whose user name is "dominantdaddy001" (and then commits statutory rape)? Or the Rue character who spends much of the summer in drug rehab? Etc. etc. I personally do not know a single 17 yr. old like that. You may say that I am "not connected with the real world", and I would readily disagree with that.<br/><br/>I can't help but notice that the series (based on the Israeli TV series of the same name) is written and directed by a guy, and this leads me to believe this is likely more a projection of a guy's Hollywood fantasy than it is a portrayal of the real world. Yes, these things do happen here and there, but to say that boozing, drugs and sex is mainly what 17 yr. old kids think about and act upon is simply not true. Compare "Euphoria" to the new Erin Lee Carr documentary "I Love You, Now Die" (now airing on HBO), which examines social anxiety among teenagers as it happens in the real world, not in some fictional setting, and the contrast couldn't be bigger. I readily encourage you to check out "I Love You, Now Die" for yourself and draw your own conclusion... I feel sorry for the actors who got hoodwinked into playing such one dimensional characters. The writers, directors, and producers should be ashamed of themselves for painting such exaggerated, morality deprived scenarios that paint every female as a victim and every male as an animal. It would be bad enough to create such baseless characters if they were adults, but to make them teenagers (which teens will want to watch) is deplorable. A teen audience will be tempted to think this grave depiction is a 'cool' or accurate portrayal and (to any extent) emulate it. It's not accurate. Nor is it a cautionary tale. This show treats it's females as prey and it's males as predators. The misogynistic storyline depicts the most depraved parts of our society and is, in no way, worthy of being aired on HBO or any other channel that esteems its audience. After months and months of tease and hype, Euphoria is finally here! And ph man does it deliver. It encapsulates everything that my generation has to deal with and it does it in the rawest, most hard-hitting way possible. From minute one you are pulled into a reality that many young people face. The characters feel grounded, real and relatable. The Pilots soundtrack just adds pulls you in deeper. It's been a while since I've sat up and payed attention to show. There's always something happening and it's a refreshing change of pace from other "young adult/teen drama series". It's not afraid to tackle very serious subject matter, but the show does it in a way that's not preachy.
Dare I say it Euphoria might be a generation defining series and I cannot wait for the next episode!! Euphoria season 1 is a masterpiece! The season also ended in a way that can make a season 2 just as intense as the first one. I have so many questions, but thats how I want it to be. Give me season 2 real soon please! ... That's a great quote from South Park a few years back. I don't know whose high school/middle school experience this is supposed to mirror, but I live in a suburb of a pretty liberal American city, and I don't recognize this at all. I have to wonder who exactly IS the audience for this show? I wouldn't want minors to watch this and I can't believe adults would be anything but turned off by the constant profanity and rampant IV drug use with drug dealers as young as eleven!<br/><br/>This might have been better if it had focused on high school grads first going to college, the culture shift they experience, and some of the issues that come up in this show. Seeing young kids involved in stuff this serious is just disgusting.<br/><br/>Sam Levinson, son of acclaimed director Barry Levinson, is the creative force behind this. Maybe he should get a few tips from dad on how to handle extraordinary subject matter and still connect with ordinary audiences - "Homicide Life on the Streets", "Good Morning Vietnam", "Tin Men" to name a few of dad's triumphs.<br/><br/>I give it six points for Zendaya, who is always an interesting actress even in a show that is chock full of shock value for shock's sake. This just isn't enjoyable, none of the characters are nice people, so it is very hard to get any feeling out of this series at all. Do these horrible stereotypes actually exist in the real world? I'm not sure who this show is for. It's definitely not for the preteens and teens out there, and if it's for the adults, then is this for the type of adult who looks at their teenage years with nostalgia, but desperately wished that it was a lot more "spicy" than it was? I get that Zendaya wants to display her depth as an actress, but she's not convincing as a drug addict. It's so in-your-face that it's cringeworthy. But this is not even the worst part about the show. The script tries too hard to be edgy and modern, which makes each line feel forced. Now I understand that this was just the first episode but I was expecting to find some reason to continue watching it. And I didn't find it. The show is okay. The editing is really good, however the storyline and characters are a bit bland. It's very overhyped. I was frequently bored whilst sitting through episodes and I cannot be bothered to finish the last two episodes. The honesty in this show is amazing. With fascinating characters and stories that feel genuine about characters that are three dimensional, this show finds a comfortable place in your mind for weeks after you have finished it. i have re watched the whole series 3 times already. Apart from some mutual situation me and Rue have been through and I'm familiar with, the show offers a honest portrayal of the modern teen culture in the U.S and their lifestyle. One of this show's strengths is capturing the highs Rue feels, like the one where the room starts to turn around her and that spectacular ending of the last episode which could not been more beautiful and amazing.
the story makes you care for Rue and Jules, and if you have gone through an addiction of sorts and have had problems over it with your family, this show will nail some scenes and moments for you. I was really shocked to find out it's based on an Israeli TV-Show, since a lot of the story is based on creator Sam Levinson's own experiences. Which i think they still definitely are. I sense that every character in the show are people who Sam Levinson knew back when he was a teenager and that's probably why i never had a hard time imagining the characters on the show as real persons.
Everything aside, this show has one of the best and most awesome soundtracks with some great songs that matches the scenes they are used in, perfectly. and of course a beautifully lit cinematography. If you are easily offended and are like super anti-drug maybe don't watch this show. but if you wanna see some real ass struggles and characters that aren't flawless and make mistakes... big time. then you'll love this show.
I have fallen in love with this show's Characters, specially with Rue, Fez and Lexi and also Jules... and i would follow their story for whatever numbers of seasons they'll get to make. Let's hope & pray this ISN'T any accurate depiction of any HS kids. It literally is a KIDS reboot though. This show has a very graphic take on the current high school generation. As much as we know these kids are doing drugs and having sex this show pushes the envelope way too much. 45 minutes into the Pilot I was so turned off I wondered who the target audience is. No teens should see this show, and most adults would be turned off by the content which is way too graphic. In terms of the story and characters it's not too interesting and just pushes the envelope scene after scene and for no real reason. Honestly, I expected more. It seems that this is basically a shock value show devoided of any true essence. At moments I felt disgusted. I think that they're desperately trying to turn the focus on their show in order to get recognition and attention. Even though getting attention is a crucial part in launching any new series, it's my opinion that they're getting attention for all the wrong reasons. I don't expect a lot of people to understand this show. This show is not glorifying drugs or partying or glorifying making destructive decisions. This show shows the harsh reality of what actually goes on in some people's lives...Not everyone had it so easy in school, not everyone was naturally happy, some of us literally have done what Rue has done in the show, and it makes the show incredibly relatable to some demographic of teenagers and young adults. This is by far one of the realest and meaningful shows HBO has every produced. and you don't enjoy it, don't watch. I would not expect anyone over the age of 25 to enjoy this show, because it's aimed at a certain demographic, in which it does exceptionally well doing so. Okay let's start by saying you need backbone to watch a show like this there's so much going on here nudity other adult subjects however the show is spectacular and the acting is fanominal there are really no good role models here they all have their demons however it's a good lesson for kids who are old enough to understand not to do these things I wish I could give this a 0.<br/><br/>Pretentious, obnoxious cliche degeneracy. The only ones who will find this show edgy are 16 year old Tumblrinas. When i first start watching this show i thought this was going to be about how they all learn from their mistakes and become better versions of themselves towards the end of the season, but no... its just a bunch of teens who seem like their main goal in life is to do as many dumb and impulsive decisions they possibly can during the 4 brief years of high school.
Rue's story actually was pretty good, you can kinda see that she wants to get better and the guy who helps her gives some smart advice.
And I have to mention the great thing (probably the only) about the show is the unique way of filming, visually it looks stunning and very different from any other show i've seen.
One thing I don't understand is how the cast mentions several times that these characters represent real life and today's generation... What?? Soooo what happened in ep 3 (by far the most disturbing episode i've ever seen in a teens show) is a common thing in your nearby high school?? okay... Telling teens that this is what is normal nowadays reeeally seems like an amazing lesson... And Jules who, even tho everyone knows that she's a transgender and no one cares or ever discriminates her for that, still claims that the only way for her to have a "relationship" is by meeting weird dudes at night in the middle of nowhere in literally the most insane town ever! (Another smart idea!)
Also, honestly, in real life i'm pretty sure usually its not the drug dealer who helps you stop using drugs, but what do I know... This should happen more often!
Nate's story is so crazy that i don't even have patience to go there, I mean the part where his dad does what he does and for that reason Nate has his (HUGE) flaws too, this is very common but still not justifiable!
I don't know, maybe is because neither I nor any of the people i know can relate to these characters (except for the more normal teen stuff). And the usage of drugs is kind of romanticised by other characters, who, even after they heard what happened to Rue, still do drugs and take stuff they have no idea what it does to them. I just hope season 2 is more about getting your life together and start making some smarter choices because high school is nothing compared to the rest of your life where all the actually important stuff happens! So don't screw it all up because of a "I am an Independent REBEL" phase! How to waste 8 hours with the feeling to watch the same episode over and over. It feels like a long music video with no narrative drive. From episode 1 to episode 8, nothing evolves, no characters has changed in anyway and everything feels so redundant. You could edit the show with scenes from episode 8 into the episode 2 and vice-versa, and no one would see the differences. The only goods things about the show are the actors, all amazing. The cinematography is different than what I've seen before, I'll give it 3 stars for that. Then another star for the acting. But it's just not for me. It doesn't really have a plot, I guess that is the writer's/director's point? It's a waste of time. Overall, 4 stars in total for keeping me watching, but, man, what's the freaking story? It just runs on the theme of addiction. All the characters being addicted to different things, some to drugs, others yearn for love, and are addicted to winning. I do not recommend this show, it left me angry, like, why does this stuff even get made. I wanted a story, that's like the simplest thing you can ask of a show. A plot. A climax. A conclusion. This show has no climax nor a conclusion. Some shows have memorable characters that you miss sometimes and rewatch to see them again. This show makes me say bye bye, see you never. Euphoria is delicate, cold, warm, disruptive, deep, dark, uncomfortable, provocative and I could go on! It has so many elements and layers of humanity that makes it AMAZING! As a warning it could be triggering for some people. This is a reproduction of the British show Skins. Nothing original but even more crass and misogynistic. The acting is barely coherent, and the writers portray this entire show as a abysmally edgy fanfiction that should never have come into existence. Zendaya tries way too hard to seem dark and depressing that her entire character comes off as try-hard. One episode would have been enough. Nothing was developed and potential plot lines are hard to see. There just isn't enough substance to it that makes the show appealing. I started this Tv show after i saw its ratings, After finishing up the first episode the first thought that comes to your mind is "oh wait, i have seen this show already before you realise it was a different show you watched and this is just running on the same storyline'. After debating within myself i kept watching the show for couple more episodes, and started questioning "What is this even all about??, What are you trying to portray here??Whats the message?Whom are we cheering for?whom do we hate?". But you cant find any answers. SO basically the show is about school kids, who hate their parents, who thinks how hard and complicated their life is and using drugs as means to escape. And a lot of dumb people making dangerous choices. SO IF YOU HAVE TIME TO WASTE OR YOU DONT HAVE FRIENDS> GO AHEAD WATCH THIS SHOW. I don't know any teenagers like this. I admit I don't know all teenagers, but the ones I know control their angst much better than these guys. When I watched "Girls" I wondered who could possibly like these characters. I think the same thing about this program. "Vida" is similar. We all are a bit disfunctional, but these programs all depict fringe behavior as normal. It is not. Even juvenile choices have consequences. The choices made by these characters will lead to ;short and brutish lives, and I think the producers know that. It is sad that they have chosen to exploit the naivete of the cast. This series is not only sex and drugs, it goes much further, and before crucifying the entire series, wait to see all the episodes. I have had a hard time finishing this story simply because it hit me so hard.
I am not a teenager anymore but this sure sent me back in time. It is exactly the way you feel, everything is possible not worrying about the consequences but just mad enough to do it. You do tell yourself the story without realizing that you are deciding it as you go. A lot is packed in the last episode and it is perfect. My father died without notice and it changed my life instantly. As a son you do not realize how important he is until he is not there anymore. That sends you on a trip most people do not understand and it takes time to come back. If your feelings are so strong and yet so sensible you are strange for all the other normals that simply do not let themselves be who they are. People should be loved as people not as women and men, it would be easier. So we do end up being in a hard shell and seem impenetrable but if someone has the key to pass the barrier he discovers a different dimension. I have done this with my kids, I have not hidden a thing. It is easier to forgive for them knowing what is important. My daughter has been curious about Euphoria and we will see it together soon. Sam Levinson has made a masterpiece with the right help. Not too much in the story but they did it the best anyone in the world could have done with that. Visually stunning and probably the best cinematography ever done. Labrinth's soundtrack is amazing and I discovered a lot of great songs through the show. All the actors were so good that it would be hard for me to see them doing other characters in the future. The only problem is that the story seems unrealistic as it is hard to imagine school students going through all that. This show is way too racy simply because it can be, the only thing it does well is depicting the sheer overwhelming sadness that can accompany adolescence year however, all the nudity is just uneccessary they could have made it a coming of age type series where the teenagers overcome their struggles and grow from the however this show is just overwhelmingly depressing without any good reason, maybe thats the point however this show as a teen is not at all relatable, it just gets sadder and sadder, no motive for watching not for entertainment nor for education because it doesn't achieve either. Anyone who says this show is good seriously should watch more tv / film. in no way are the characters fleshed out in a way that invokes any interest, and i literally could not stop yawning. this show is anything but good- coherent at best. Are Hollywood and HBO struggling to get hold of good writers ? The only trick of the bunch of these adolescent writers is to put in images of dicks! That's the only way they feel relevant or edgy!
In this world of internet , anyone watching a Full hour's TV for images of dicks or sex? Hello! If we want porn, we can get it easily and swiftly without having to watch garbage for an hour! Wake up!
You really need to hire writers who's life isn't only about their dicks or other's dicks! If you know what's up you know what's up. For the uninitiated, I truly hope you see thru this nonsense. ...not for all kids, of course...but for many this is true to life as much as a made on the scenes documentary.<br/><br/>As an old guy, I mean a really old guy, (but with substantial professional reasons to come in contact with this and such), I was just riveted and couldn't turn away from the show for a moment. There were a lot of ways this could have gone immediately wrong and run off the tracks....but it didn't.<br/><br/>I need to look into who is writing this....kudos for guts and just good writing. And casting...good and effective actors...!<br/><br/>Hummm...very impressive. And maybe important with its full humanity, both bad and good of course, just like real life with real, living and breathing, people.<br/><br/>Let me finally add...I've seen this, been involved professionally even, but still never really understood some of this behavior...sigh. Accepting but never fully understanding...<br/><br/>Thank you to HBO, the writers, the actors, production and direction. Good and impressive work. Watching this show is like swimming in a sewer. If this show comes even close to accurately portraying our tens and young adults, I fear for our country. HBO can do better than this! Being a member for over 15 years, I decided to write my first review on IMBD.
What an absolute garbage. Cliches spiced with porn and drugs, pretentious and cheap. Even worse, coming from HBO, network capable of producing controversial, on the edge masterpieces. I found the pilot totally revolting and not a show I will watching in the future. I care as much for these characters as they care about themselves which is zip. Show about high-schoolers about drugs and sex with full frontal nudity and orgies. Only in California is that normal. Some folks are rating this "10" -- those are the folks that dress their boys in skirts and smoke pot with their elementary kids. to the normal people, run away from this mess. It is sad, depressing and another universe where "not my president' is their pledge to some flag that isn't the American one. The lead character is suppose to be an anti-hero but just comes across as sad and pathetic. Run away, danger, skip it! Without a doubt the show sensationalizes the high school experience to a ridiculous degree, but I can look past that and enjoy many of the genuinely stunning moments that this show offers. Going into this show I expected Skins, but for the next generation, and I got something so much more. I'm just outside this show's target demographic, but I found a lot of the content relatable anyways. The two lead characters Rue and Jules are a pair unlike anything else on television.<br/><br/>Rue is the narrator, so you experience everything that she has went through in her struggle with addiction. There are white knuckle moments where you see her and her mother in the middle of a heated abusive argument where neither holds back. You see a picture of a family that is broken and struggling, but then it's immediately contrasted with later moments where the two-show unconditional love for one another and you want to stay in that moment. It's like returning to the surface after holding your breath under water for some time.<br/><br/>Jules is the first trans character that I've watched on TV that is more than her identity, but they also don't try to paint her as just like every other girl. She's not, and it's made brutally clear throughout the show that she isn't. This show has gotten criticized quite a bit for being unrealistic, but as someone who is queer, I can say that much of Jules' story is realistic and it's not a sad story either. Just like Rue, she's not a character that the creators want you to pity. I love that we get to see their friendship blossom and take different forms.<br/><br/>What I also enjoy about the show is that it explores how limiting binary roles can be, and how they don't fully explain our experiences. Jules is a character that leans into that and the result is something beautiful, but in contrast Nate acts as if his life depends on his identity as a straight masculine man. Nate is a horrible person as a result, but there are moments where you're invited to sympathize with him. His home life is dark, to say the least, and his masculinity and sexuality is a shield he uses to protect him from his pain. He views any deviation from his identity as a personal failing. Unfortunately, this coping mechanism is highly destructive.<br/><br/>For many of the episodes the show chooses to focus on one of the character's backstory Orange is the New Black style, except it usually falls flat. Many of the characters like Maddy, Cassie, and Chris are just one-dimensional. With Maddy they try to lean into that one-dimensional aspect, but they never find depth there. She's just unlikable through and through. When they try to explore the backstory of Cassie and Chris, it seems abrupt, like we're being forced to try to care about them and their relationship when I just don't. Yes, I see faults in both of them as well as redeeming aspects, but I just don't care because I was never given a reason to in the first place. This show would be so much better if it dropped the dead weight or actually made a significant effort to develop these characters like they have with Rue, Jules, Fez, Kat and Nate. The bloated cast cheapens the experience somewhat, but overall, I'm glad that Euphoria is succeeding and I want to know what's in store for the second season. Why do we need to see this. It is as stale as moldy bread. You get to watch a lot of young people have sex and that is about it. None of the characters seem to be people but are instead mechanical maniacs who are constantly seeking kinkier sex and more corrosive drugs. In the absence of any real material, the show goes over the top to shock the audience. Even in this regard I felt it failed to deliver.<br/><br/>There are no pimples at all in this show (not a zit on any of the faces) and most of the actors look like they walked straight out of a glossy centerfold. Needless to say, there has never been and will never be a community of teenagers who enjoy this kind of bliss. They also always seem to have money to buy all the drugs and alcohol they want. Does the show runner have any idea how much a bottle of vodka costs? Because if he does he would not have his supposedly teenage actors drinking vodka like it is 7Up.<br/><br/>There was nothing euphoric about Euphoria. In fact, the show barely got a reaction out of me. I am giving this a 3 because some of the young actresses showed their titties and that kind of effort has to be respected. Was waiting for it to be over. Not one character grabs my interest. Until I started this series, the worst show ever was Now Apocalypse on Starz. Well HBO, not to be outdone, did them one better with this absolute stinker. Repulsive characters that we could not care less about doing the most disgusting things imaginable. Completely devoid of merit of any kind. This is a modern day example of how to produce a show without employing script writers. The editing and acting are great, but the story is choppy and a little boring. Skins did it first and did it better. Acting: the acting in this show is extremely good.
Zendaya is absolutely great in the role of Rue Bennet. In episode 3 she really showed me she could act during the final few minutes. I was extremely impressed. She really is showing she can do more than just kids shows like a lot of people thought. She breaks out of her shell and it has really shown.<br/><br/>Casting is Great
Zendaya was the perfect choice to play Rue and Storm Reid was also a perfect match to be her sister.
Hunter Schaefer is really good as her friend
Jacob elordi is great as the tuff bully and his girlfriend Alexa Demi's is also good.<br/><br/>10/10 for cinematography
Euphoria has some of the most amazing shots I've seen in a show or movie, I was very impressed. And the ambiance is great, all of the different color lighting and camera angles really make this a very entertaining show to watch.<br/><br/>10/10 for Music
This show has perfect music to go along with each episode I am a huge believer that the music really enhances the emotion of a show and this shows in Euphoria. Perfectly chosen! All the high ratings are for sure bots no one with a shred of intelligence would defend this garbage on a intellectual level .In a day and age where whatever you want to learn about/see is free at your fingertips in graphic/explicit detail on the internet .This show just goes to how insulated and cut off from reality the hollywood crowd is.watch if your sexually depraved,anti social basement dwelling head in the clouds type of person.if you have a shred of intelligence you'll stay far away from this nonsense .Read a book or something else more productive with your life than watch this trite I mean it's like the creator of the show chose the most extreme side of the spectrum of deciding how teenagers act. This shows seems like it's more like a dream rather than reality, and the trials and tribulations seem too far fetched for me to take this show seriously. Come on really I get sex and drugs but the way they handle these themes are too extreme. It's like these teenagers have no adult supervision and trust me at that age the parents would be hovering over those kids. The ratings are bad for a reason because what average teenager (I know what your are going to say this show is not for the average teenager) would sit there and watch something they can't relate too? I really tried to like this show but each episode became less and less intriguing because it was like they tried to go from one extreme to the other, which actually lessened the shock value. I really enjoyed the pacing of the show because something is always happening and I'm never bored. What also makes me like this show is how grounded it is. Nothing feels forced, thanks to the writing and performances of this stellar cast. It also gives a new perspective from the younger generation who have completely grown up in a world of social media. I also love the way the main protagonist, Rue is written. She is written to be addicted to drugs because she wants to feel safe in her own mind which im my opinion is accurate for her character who had OCD ADD and anxiety. The voice overs from Rue were also great to see into the mind of the main character which could have hurt the show but it turned out to be a great strength. Overall, this show got me hooked and I strongly recommend it. It's basically the film KIDS (1995) directed by Larry Clark turned into a tv series to shock viewers. 10-year-old white drug dealer who speaks like a 25-year-old black rapper, constant drug use, transsexual people and tons of sex. And 17-year-old coke head? Really? Teens don't do coke.<br/><br/>Why? Because why not make something unrealistic that stirs up controversy and gets ratings.<br/><br/>Then the white jock with the black token friend where the white dude is the obnoxious one and the black dude is the reasonable guy. Get it? White people bad, black people good. Just keeping you up-to-date in 2019 political correctness.<br/><br/>Let's not forget the language. Vulgar, crude and obscene. Is it an accurate depiction of how a vast majority of teens talk? No? Does it matter? No. Ratings matter. Of course, you'll find some rare cases of kids speaking like this and doing the kind of drugs used here, but they are trying to make it like it's every high-school kid's normal behavior and life.<br/><br/>It all felt way too derivative and predictable. Make something that surprises me.<br/><br/>How about a film that explores there are so many trans people today compared to a decade ago? Or why every hip hop track sounds exactly the same? Or why so many kids are depressed? Or commit school shootings? Or can we just ease into any of this drug use etc? I get most people have ADD, including myself, but it ruins it when filmmakers rush it.<br/><br/>And when are they gonna actually cast actual teenagers to play teens instead of 22 year-olds doing it? I guess never.<br/><br/>Is it me or was every shot crooked? Even the ones that weren't supposed to be? Couldn't they level the camera? The best thing about was the shot at the party where Rue begins to walk on the ceiling and the house is spinning.<br/><br/>In summary, there really wasn't much of a story here. It was basically just kids hanging out getting wasted and having sex. Exploitation of teens promoting hopelessness and sexual violence. Just another "shock show". Rape, voyeurism, and drug abuse. No thanks! I don't know what is more disappointing, the running commentary throughout the episode of the main character, or the reviewers who finds her life similar to theirs. I have dealt with addiction in my family and the glorification of her life choices sadden me. Surely we can do better by our future generations and their portrayal. Went to college with rich kids who had nothing to do but use drugs with money their parents gave them. They may think this is some kind of profound story to tell people, but to the rest of us, this isn't.<br/><br/>For those of us who were raised well, we were told to stay away from drugs. And I mean, I can see people who were addicted to drugs and know that it's trouble. It's kind of sick that Hollywood glorifies losers like Rue. We were told to stay away from people like this. What happens to them never ends well.<br/><br/>I have no idea why Zendaya would take this garbage. She's better than this. Hopefully this show doesn't last long so she can find better gigs to take. This is a show by rich kids who are enamored by the lowlifes they didn't get to spend much time growing up with. I did, and I actually work around them, so have at it! I want no part of this.<br/><br/>It's not even a trainwreck you can't stop watching like Fleabag either. Hard pass. I feel like that title is misleading not because it's not true but I think almost every show is hard to review. While this show doesn't really have filler is has weak moments and some moments of experimentation that some might not feel works. For every nuanced portrayal of a character there is, there is also an equally boring melodramatic side plot that feels ripped outta ten different movies. I think was this show does good it does great and I think it's fair to expect some teenage cheese even though I feel like it might be detrimental to aspects it helps bring up a core audience. This show was very hard to rate because sometimes it felt like I was watching river dale or some CW crap but sometimes it would show some of the best cinematography I have ever seen in television. There are many great plot lines and characters to keep you hooked and I knew by the first episode I would like it. The best way I can describe this show is an rollercoaster there are very high ups and usually equally low downs, but over all it is fun and entertaining, and unlike a rollercoaster it can be very touching and sad. I think rating this show below an eight would be discrediting all the work and good this shows does, but if you want the best high school drama money can buy with nuanced and likeable characters you should without a doubt watch this show. Ps did I mention the cinematography cause like my god it's just very good anyway watch this show. Watch it for the very strong characters ,
Each characters has been given total justice .
The background music is dope !
P.s love the blondie #sydneysweeney and the bad guy #jacobelordi I cried, i laughed and was amazing, the most incredible in this serie was soundtrack is perfect in precise times, few times you will found something like this What Zendaya do! Its dammmmmn! Amazing, A Disney Channel Girl and very fast she are doing this its great performamce! The series is enjoyable and real. The acting was good. The music and directing were great. But lots of unnecessary nude scenes and i really didn't like the ending, they could do better to a good series. If there's a season 2 i will definitely watch but i hope they don't ruin it for money. This show is incredibly hard to digest, if I were a parent of a teenager in these times, I guarantee u I would become extremely paranoid and scared. This show is an eye opener, a scary eye opener. A must see , give it a chance, before forming your own opinion. Anyone who has raised teens in the last decade and a half can tell you that the behaviors characterized in this show are extreme. This kind of nonsense is not happening to kids like the ones portrayed in Euphoria. Tons of kids living out outrageous drug, alcohol, and sex acts in and around good neighborhoods and high schools ain't happening. HBO just forcing the extreme to attract an audience this show is not suited for. Trash! I grew up in the 90s and nothing encapsulated my youth more so than the film Bully (2000). It was the only truthful and raw look at the teenage experience I had ever seen
This first episode plays so eerily to that film that my only conclusion is this isn't a period piece more so than an experience piece. The acting is top-notch (especially for such a young cast) and the story is very interesting. I think it's one of the best new shows of the season. This is undeniably a well filmed and thought out show. However, it makes me scared to have children... This show is lit! I love stuff about young people no matter the genre so this a delight for me. Been anticipating the show ever since I saw the previews and it was well worth the wait.<br/><br/>The drama aspects are superb and there is a large amount of profanity and inappropriate content which isn't too bad; definitely only for potentially mid teenagers or adults. I'll definitely watch every episode! Also love the soundtrack in it and trailers; it'd be great if anyone could check out my other reviews! I mean before hbo bought the rights and.... The original Israeli was a fine series... Not amazing but interesting and...<br/><br/>This this piece of....
a horrible boring show i do not recommend you'd watch...
Not at all... It's a waste of time<br/><br/>
and if u wish to watch the original... Its fine nothing I'd say u should look for and... But if you do want to watch it then u better understand Hebrew because there's no translation for the best of my knowledge Wow. from all the hype for zendaya, lesbian relationships and pretty good trailers, i would have wished that this show was anything but what it turned out to be. nothing seemed new, and everything was too hyped and overall, the show had really nothing interesting to discuss. Wouldn't recommend unless you have 10+ hours to spare to eye-roll at stereotypical high school tropes and overly edgy portrayal of literally everything. 0/10. Though the depictions of modern high school life is very over exaggerated, it was still a very enjoyable Pilot episode. It was interesting seeing modern elements of teenage life put into the show. Looking forward to the rest of this season. Drugs and sex and violence are interesting, unless you are a 14 year old -- then it is just sick. Leave it to HBO to push this trash. Hard fail about High School in an alternate universe where this trash is normal. IF you watch it, be prepared to shower after. YUCK! I couldn't wait for the first episode to be over. how annoying. it's not terrible, but it's just really not good at all. This show caters to a younger demographic and this is the kind of smut you want to keep away from teenage girls. Canceling my HBO subscription. Smut Charaters seems real.<br/><br/>the problems seems real.<br/><br/>the music is fanatastic, and makes the show get to your feelings.<br/><br/>the dark, controversial theme is real, and in a weird way it makes you think about your own situation, atleast for me.<br/><br/>this show isnt another 13 reasons why show ( didnt like that show at all )
its a journey true what feels like real peoples life.<br/><br/>i dont usually like series / movies like this, but this is something else. The show barely has any plot. Things are happening only for the show to progress but with no point to them or any coherent drive. The characters are hollow and the plot more shallow than a tiny puddle on a wet street. They do not develop or create any compelling interactions whatsoever. They just move from scene to scene and you see what is happening to them from a mile away. Each scene suddenly forgetting what has happened before.<br/><br/>I give it a 3 only for the excellent cinematography used and music choices. Other than that, it's a total waste of time to watch I really liked the beginning of the series but by the third episode it started to feel shallow, repetitive & cliched. It began to feel more like an exhibition than a story. I almost am resenting it at this point. It hasn't exposed me to anything I haven't experienced in my own life nor does it offer much in the way of any unique insight. Close but ultimately.. forgettable. Sat through the first episode and it was utter crap. It is exactly what is wrong with our society today, brought to you by HBO.
Note the use of (c)rap music throughout the episode. N word this, and N word that.
If you are going to look at this in a way that shines a light on the dementia which is sanctioned and rewarded (and awarded) by our society in which our children are engaging without condemning it, then all you are doing is exploiting it and our children like everyone else.
These are children. Children. In the cast, watching the show, learning from the show, taking the show as an example on acceptable behavior.
There is a better way. We all can have a better life. But not until those who are, for whatever reason, looked up to (actors, athletes, etc) lead the way. This is NOT the way. You could watch adult movie instead of this show. Literally it's the same thing. Whoever greenlit this garbage should be fired immediately. Absolutely not entertainment and with absolutely zero redeeming values on display here. With the excessive nudity, sodomy, sex, sadomasochism etc., this easily deserves an "X" rating. HBO has completely lost the plot. Now that GOT is over, subscription officially cancelled. BYE BYE. I don't quite know what to make of this show. Like others have mentioned it's a lot like the movie KIDS, except KIDS had an agenda and a storyline. The cinematography is beautiful and almost look like something out of a music video. The people are pretty, but without any substance. The story is....not really there, unless teen sex, teen drug use and teen violence is a story. I was actually looking forward to this, but the desperate need to shock me (with no effect what so ever, because it's unbelievable over the top) gets a little boring in the end. I hope they'll manage to create some characters with more depth as the show goes on (because the premise is there), but I'm doubtful. I'll give it 5 stars for the pretty pictures and a nice soundtrack, hoping it'll surprise me down the road with something more than sex and drugs. This is my first ever review giving on IMDB & the reason is that this show has excited me a lot, don't listen to the critics & just watch the show see what happens, it's like addictive Saw episode 1 and this was so bleak that I suddenly felt if this was a portrayal of today's teens / youth then all is lost .
The show portrays these teens as sex starved depressed depraved group fuelled by alcoholic drugs and lack of moral compass
I have seen gritty and dark programs by the dozen this was not gritty acting may be good or great but the show theme and message is doom
I am glad I saved 7 hours of my life and would recommend others to save 8 Loved this show so far. I'm the cast is diverse. The story is refreshing and new. Definitely worth a watch! Can someone please tell me what culture or place the teens in HS are all like this? I was a messed up teen and experimented with drugs and drinking and sex but this is so out there. It's catering OBVIOUSLY to the teens of today and glorifying things NOT raising awareness LOL. I think the main actors' acting is solid but give me a break with the craziness. It is gimmick-driven at its best to capture ratings. If you have seen the movie KIDS you will understand why many compare the two. It IS like a remake. We need original content. Come on HBO. With already 5 episodes, it's hard to fully understand what is the real point of all of this. Of course, there's Rue and the drug problem, and the issue between Jules and Nate's family, but that plus the other "typical" teen problems in relationships, the show doesn't seem to have a story or a main problem/issue.
However, the cinematography part of the show is quite nice, even though the unnecessary amount of naked people. It's not that I'm against that, but sometimes it feels that the main goal of all the storyline is just showing sex and drugs.
Overall, It's safe to say that is a shame how a potencial good series can be so poor when in comes to content, and become a boring and repetitive show, whit an extreme need to show nudity and using of drugs, when the real necessary thing is to develop it's own story. This show was hyped up more than it should be and it worked. This mess got picked up for a second season. It seems that all you need to is have the writers, directors, and actors talk about what the story plot will be and how the nudity (male frontal nudity to be exact) is relatable to the story line by being authentically accurate. This show was nothing more than a teen soap opera with purposely graphic and shocking scenes and content. Great Job HBO👍🏻👍🏻 having this "show" on your network. Utter rubish and unfortunately I watched all the episodes. If the pilot is any indication how the rest of the season will play out I think we got a good one on our hands This oversezualized teens, feels like exposición, Zendaya did great tho, all the 6 score is for real, real emotions , the rest seems like all sex related teen drama Near as I can tell, this is a series about 23 year olds being 17 year olds so they can run around nekkid and shoot up. If I see any redeeming qualities in future episodes I may change my mind. On the other had, I may just quit watching and find something good on Netflix. I was thinking HBO had turned the corner after Chernobyl, but I was wrong. On the other hand Reese Witherspoon and her crew were excellent. I really enjoy watching her. She reminds me of a woman that lives down the street from me whose always griping about something while tooling around in her Mer, wearing Jimmy Choo's Let's start with the positives.
This show is extremely graphic and visual. I have never witnessed a piece of film this daring and - shameless. The brutal realities shown here are what made me give this show this high of a rating. The esthetic part of the show is hardly challenged by any other. Cinematography and acting couldn't be any better. The problem comes with the supporting characters.<br/><br/>I loved the show when it was mainly about Rue, but it soon took a turn in another direction when they tried to deepen the other very bland and cliché characters who grew even more generic with this deepening. The cheap tools used for this expansion made me forget what I loved about the show. The initial awe the first few episodes brought were later replaced with boredom and a bit of anger. The writers tried to take a '13 Reason Why' approach to most of the side characters, but they conveniently forgot about others. The show tries to make you empathise with these characters by giving them personal setbacks. These setbacks are not only generic and irrelevant to the main plot, but they are also themselves the ONLY character development. This results in an overdramatized event which essentially leaves the audience simply watching a random person going through something traumatic with no build-up nor a follow-up. Euphoria is an innovative, intoxicating masterpiece. The cinematography is breathtaking, the soundtrack is entirely fitting (Labrinth's original tracks are a stand-out), and the entire cast of young actors are amazing. Each breathe life into their characters as they guide the show's compelling story (aided by beautifully crafted visuals) with deliberate, careful nuance. The show's poignant depiction of real-life 2019 teenage struggles never shies from realism nor romanticises addiction or mental health problems, all whilst being emotional, raw, authentic and eye-opening. It truly is a revelation. Zendaya, as the series lead, is exceptional. No words can do justice to describe how incredibly heart-breaking she is as drug-addicted teen, Rue Bennett. Overall, Euphoria is a must-watch. Sam Levinson has created a work of art. It should, however, be noted that Euphoria is for mature audiences. Be cautioned; some scenes are hard to watch. Brutal, realistic, dramatic, interesting and addictive. An emotional rollercoaster with brilliant performances. This series is a must if you want to feel how is being a teenager nowadays. Not easy by the way. Enjoy the show. Every episode had me hooked, most of the characters are already well developed and layered.
Zendaya is a stand out, her acting is seriously good & raw, she portrays the struggles of addiction and depression to a T.
This show deals with many problems we struggle with in real life example addiction, how social media affects us, sex, abortion, abuse and childhood issues.
Also the soundtrack is absolutely stunning with wonderful scores from Labyrinth and the acting range from these young actors is INTENSE.
Don't listen to the negative reviews, maybe you'll like it maybe you won't but try it for yourself I for one think this show is fantastic and should be watched by many, I would like to say this simply and honestly.<br/><br/>I am aware that in the US television, high school is always a big deal. And maybe the local audience can even relate to relationships and situations advertised in this kind of stories, but no, this is not non-american material.<br/><br/>The production is amazing. The work with set, scenes and performances is incredible. I would like to sum up the show as visually stunning.<br/><br/>However if you are looking for a deep story, realistic characters, tension or something new, you will not find it here. The story line is pure cliche, characters are stereotyped for easy-going story.
Of course, the events that take place in the series are huge and influential in real life, but you cannot take them seriously enough if they are presented so trivially and childishly.<br/><br/>To sum up, I am not sure if I can explain how generally the US. audience is different from the rest, but I can see this as perfect series for them, and terrible for others. This is just another Riverdale BS. This show started off really strong and introduced a lot of great plot lines in the first ~3 episodes. Come episode 4 it slowed down way too much and made you think it was just setting up the end but when it came down to it the end didn't cut it. It didn't wrap up any of the plot points it spent so much time creating and honestly made me feel like this was a waste of time. I haven't had a show make me feel so many emotions and be so true! Rue describes what being an addict is in the first episode and every thing she says is spot on. Zendaya is amazing!!! Such an amazing actress! I'm 26 and my high school experience was like this (this is more dramatized, but still pretty similar) and I think Sam levinson really caught what it's like being a millennial teen. Rue was the most relatable in my opinion but I feel like everyone is able to relate their vices to at least one of the characters. I miss my best friend every day because of an OD. I can completely relate to what these individuals are going through and i just want to give them a hug and tell them everything will be okay. Also, GREAT MUSIC!! Labrinth needs to release "feel the morning" NOW! Great show. Awesome cast. Last episode had me crying for hours, really understood and could relate on so many levels. Thank you for bringing this to light in a society a lot of people choose to ignore. And in a very gorgeous way, awesome cinematography too! Great job. The problem with this show is that nothing is realistic.<br/><br/>OCD people are generally high-functioning otherwise, and don't resort to smoking crack like Rue. The camgirl business is a fraction as lucrative and easy to get into as shown on the show. If a girl is going to cheat on her boyfriend, she's not going to do it in a pool at a party with people recording her.<br/><br/>I could list 20 more things they got wrong, but most of them I can't discuss on imdb. When you make a show about sex and drugs, but don't get the realism right, everything comes off as Trying-Too-Hard.<br/><br/>This is a story that rarely relates to reality, so after watching it you feel like you've eaten empty calories. I have always been opened minded but not stupid enough to buy into this just to be 'cool'. It is truly disturbing and discusting.<br/><br/>This is the kind of thing that gives the extreme right wing nuts ammunition for limiting artistic endeavors. I DO NOT believe in censorship on either extreme. The left wants to censor ideas they consider hateful, the right things that don't fit their narrative of a pure society.<br/><br/>Just remember that in a free society, if you want your stuff open ended, you cannot limit someone who doesn't agree with your narrative.<br/><br/>I hate this show! But it has a right to be judged by market forces. Very accurate on the world we live in today and especially the generation that's being played. I can't wait to see what the rest of the season is like. In the wake of HBO's smash success, "Game of Thrones"...comes this show, "Euphoria" (along with HBO's hopes that you won't immediately cancel your susbscription)...and I'm pleased to report that, at least in my own opinion, "Euphoria" is worth a watch. Also upfront, I'd like to politely agree to disagree with a reviewer who states "17-year-olds don't do coke". Not that I know much about teen drug use, but that seems like a very blanket statement...besides, this is a fictional show.<br/><br/>Now, that's out of the way. Very obviously, this is no "GOT": this is much more middle-class realism than it is fantasy. It's vulgar, and it depicts pretty graphic sex and drugs (mainly pills, coke, alcohol, vaping); but the artistic direction is spot-on. The visuals are wonderful, and our main narrator, 17-year-old Rue, is portrayed by the lovely and talented Zendaya. I admit, I was a little skeptical at first about Zendaya in such a role, but I think she really brings a lot to her character. As such, I'd say Zendaya is a pleasant surprise, here.<br/><br/>The show may suffer a little bit with regards to audience/viewership...it's fairly extreme to be considered a real 'teen' type series, but I think slightly older viewers (20-somethings like myself) might find more appeal. Yes, we've seen teen shows tackle sex, drugs, relationships, and rock n' roll before...but there's something about "Euphoria" that makes it unique. In today's connected world where things hinge on likes, ratings, views and swipes, "Euphoria" tracks Rue as she searches for deeper meaning, beyond the smartphone. It's a little overly-sexual for my personal tastes so far, but I said the same thing about the extreme violence in "GOT". I imagine I'll get used to it (or at least desensitized) as I watch on. (Though, whether or not this is ideal is something for another time...) Give it a chance!<br/><br/>I know I'll keep watching. When i first read the title i was uninterested because tv shows like this aren't usually my type but i thoaght i would give it a shot and it is an emotionally hardhitting and just incredibly amazing I see a lot of reviews saying this is unrealistic, that teens don't do cocaine, self harm and sleep around like this. That girls don't put themselves out like that and guys don't force themselves onto girls. I also notice these comments are quite clearly coming from a older audience. Because anyone who's gone through their teens in the last decade will probably find this series very real and relatable, which is scary but it's the truth. I know cause I've seen a lot of similar scenarios in the past few years.<br/><br/>I thoroughly look forward to seeing how the rest of the season pans out and how the show tackles a lot of the taboo topics the youth face today.<br/><br/>If you don't like or agree with it, don't watch it. Simple :) Due to content, I can only assume the target audience is adults. This show is heartbreaking and it does not seem to warn against drug use as of yet. I hope it begins to guide the audience away from drug use...things aren't clear yet and right now, it really makes drugs seem like a good escape. I watched the first 2 episodes but just couldn't take anymore.<br/><br/>The dialogue is just awful. I groaned and chuckled a few times at just how bad it is.<br/><br/>Who was this series made for?<br/><br/>I feel I really gave it a chance, it's just terrible in my opinion. Just started watching this series and I'm already addicted after the first episode. The realness that Zendaya bring to the character of Rue is both shocking and startling and incredibly well done. Hollywoods' love affair with 12 Step programs continues. Just more 12 Step propaganda amidst a bunch of trying way too hard to get over via shock value. Characters have no depths, and pointless nudity
Zendaya sex scence was the ridiculous one I have ever seen. This is probably my first time commenting, but after seeing Euphoria.. I had.. I just had to write a positive critic on it.
First of all.. breathtaking cinematography! Like I haven't seen in a while, the only recent comparable thing I remember is probably 'Moonlight'.
Another point, is the impressive music selection, really fresh, versatile, and spot on for every scene in the series. Also an amazing job on the OST by Labrinth.
Finally.. my biggest respect for Sam Levinson, what a kickstart.
Every casting was absurdly good, every character was captivating and juicy, all of their plots, their lifes.. it all connects fluidly without feeling forced, the way the Director chose to detail their life from start til today, is one of the most well done writing I've seen in ages.
I was starting to feel a bit bored at the beggining, feeling like 'another series about drugs, depression, sexuality and bla bla bla, that won't had nothing new', and Boy.. was I wrong. This was one well told story, it just felt real..
I've seen a lot of great movies about drug usage, like Basketball diaries or The Boy, but this one delivered, without all the dramaticality!
Well done Mr. Levinson, can't wait for a 2nd season ✌🏻 Like most of the recent reviews I have read on this show with low marks I am in agreement with pretty much every ones assessment of Euphoria. A show with potential and a good story line, but not realistic in the slightest. Much like 13 Reasons why it romances the use of partying and everything that comes along with it. Not only does it glorify it but it gives you a false sense that EVERYONE is doing it that's popular in high school. I'm sorry, but that's just not the case. Do kids party? Yes, they do. Do kids use? Of course. But it's in much smaller doses, and most people who are closet users such as Maddy don't party with high profile jocks. They party in their bathroom with the water running so their parents don't have a clue they are using.
It's a very unrealistic show, and that tries to get people talking by jolting the viewer with the typical shock value entertainment, if that's what you want to call it. Hollywood needs to stop letting 40+ year old men write the life of a 17 year old kid(s). Not like any other "teenage" show. This series tackles adolescent problems with real scenarios. Zendaya is giving a performance of a lifetime. Well job done to the cast and crew! This show is raw it is mature, it deals with the struggles we face in life, from people, from the world, I do love the show not only because it has my girl zendaya but it also shows the true colors of people, when the outside life looks perfect but it's hell. TRIGGER WARNING Mentions of Sex, Drugs, and addiction. Please watch with caution. If you would like a forewarning of some things that'll appear in the episode I'm more than happy to tell you, just message me.<br/><br/>Let me just start by saying this show was a lot to unpack at 7 in the morning.<br/><br/>It's raw, uncut, and emotional. It says it everywhere so don't think it won't be that hardcore.
It is that hardcore.
But it's also very real and truthful.<br/><br/>As someone growing up in this time, society, and culture I can verify that I've heard and seen most of these things happen. Most people don't know the truth about this generation, how we do things and go through things that our parents only saw on tv. We live the scandalous life style our parents could barely think about when they were our age.<br/><br/>This tv show doesn't glamorize this life, it just shows this life through a dope soundtrack. At some moments it's awkward and at others it hurts. There might be a few funny moments but it's a very serious show. It shows sex, drugs, and cursing which really aren't that big of a deal to us as it was to other generations.<br/><br/>There's a lot of nudity, but it's just there. I don't feel like it's there to shock or elicit certain reactions, it's just there. Was I expecting to see Eric Dane put on a condom full frontal? No. But I didn't even bat an eye.<br/><br/>This show also addresses how older generations shame ours because of things that we do. Everything we do people find a problem with, either we're on social media to much or we dress too differently. We can never satisfy them, but we're not trying to.<br/><br/>When I see Euphoria I see teens that I've interacted with. I see my generation in all its imperfections and truths.<br/><br/>Zendaya gives a truthful narration in a monotone voice that's soothing and helps guide the show. I'm so interested to see what this show has to offer. Yes, it's a very graphical and gloomy TV show - very openly showing drug abuse and sexual intercourse and other explicit topics. This is the only explanation that I have for the negative reviews.<br/><br/>It is NOT advocating drugs, on the contrary to what I have been reading here. This is NOT shocking for the sake of sensationalism; you probably haven't watched past the first episode if you really think so. It's refreshingly honest.<br/><br/>There is definitely a progression noticeable, and particularly by episode 3 I was completely convinced by "Euphoria". The dynamic between the protagonists also changes a lot.<br/><br/>It is a very raw, and surprisingly realistic depiction of today's youths internal and external struggles. Nothing about it is exaggerated (except the 12yr old drug dealer assistant) and at least from my personal experience in life I can relate to most of the topics. Bullying in school, struggling with yourself and your own identity, experimenting with substances, feeling lost.<br/><br/>The cinematography is brilliant, the acting is brilliant, the music is brilliant.<br/><br/>I do agree that this show is not for everyone, particularly more "prude" and less openminded individuals - but I do recommend it to the rest. People say this is too dark and too "edgy" for no reason. It's weird, because as a member of gen z I didn't even consider this show dark at all - it's just probing and blunt. As for the "edgy" for no reason accusations, I can definitively say that each "edgy" storyline correlates with an event in my own life or an someone I know's life: spreading nude pics/videos, hooking up with older strangers through apps, drug dependency, abuse, toxic relationships, ugly parent-child relationships, body image issues, self-hate depression & anxiety, and intense repression, and police investigations.<br/><br/>I really think this show is the best current teen show as it diverges from the likes of Riverdale and other crappy CW and Netflix shows by being hard-hitting and sensitive. Euphoria doesn't resort to employing cheap whodunit murder storylines, or shy away from the crucial inner lives of their characters. It examines trauma, bad decisions and the environment teens navigate with care and important humanist perspectives.<br/><br/>The acting from every cast member is very natural rather than melodramatic, and the dialogue is always believable.<br/><br/>And of course the poetic visuals, scene transitions, fluid camera movements, and lush colors paint the show with nuance and imply the depth and spectrum of every moment on the show.<br/><br/>The music is amazing as well. I especially love the use of Andy Williams "Can't Get Used to Losing You" in the opening scene of Zendaya's character achieving a moment of pure nothingness while high. Constantly moving from one dark and pointless montage to the next ,the cinematography was dreadful.
Don't know what all the hype is about Look..I am not that review type, but right now after episode 4 I feel like I HAVE TO share how much i fell in love with this show, because at first it looks like an average dumb teen show but noway! it is something so much deeper with real feelings real characters and I can't wait for the next episode! This show definitely isn't for everyone. To be honest, I'm still not fully sure who the target demographic is. Maybe there is none. But it sure spoke to me. The acting is real and raw, with one of the best casts I have seen in a long time. The cinematography is breathtaking. The music is phenomenal and really adds so much character to the show. It juxtaposes shallowness with depth, depression with mania, despair with euphoria...the highest of highs and the lowest of lows. Sure, it might not be 100% realistic, but the emotional heart of the show feels very real. It was so easy to watch, which is something that doesn't usually happen to me - even with shows I enjoy, I often find myself putting in effort to make it through certain episodes. This was not the case with Euphoria. I breezed through it fast, and it's one of the few shows in recent memory that has really lingered with me as long as this one has. Ultimately, I'd say to give it a try. It might not be for you, but if it is, there is so much to enjoy here. It's a contemporary mix of Skins and Kids, the cinematography is very good but sometimes it feels flat and shallow, maybe because of the heterosexual unidimensional characters involved in the plot and his abnoxious behaviours. the plot feels flat too, like, the first season ended resoluting nothing, why do i wanna keep watching this? is there any good reason for an not autoconclusive season?
i feel like this show doesn't give any good advice to teens whose are feeling depressed, it glorifies and stilyze male supremacy, abussive relationships & heterosexual abussive sex... all the characters are superflous, they're one track minded like "my favourite things are sex, drugs & fashion" hey scripwriters, teens can be deep and have a variety of motivations... the only worthy character is the bob ross inpersonator and maybe the main character It started out great but as it progresses it turns into more of a teenage soap opera with unbelievable character stupidity. Mostly referring to the storyline involving the character of Nate. Other than that the show is watchable even though it is scary how much the female cast reminds me of girls from my high school. At first this story seems to have the same old story but the intricacies of the characters begins to surface after a few episodes. Beautifully done and well scored. This program is promoting that people become members of a toxic, abusive, new age cult that not only does NOT help people achieve and maintain sobriety/abstinence from drugs including alcohol but actually in real life contributes to people ending up with worse problems! Clearly the subject matters are heavy, yet that should not detract from the overall quality. I absolutely love it! The clothes, the acting and omg the cast is so well picked!! You feel immersed in the story with all the special effects. Anyone that has lived through that time in which recreational drugs and music are your life, will get the message. It made me remember the movie KIDS from the 90s. Actually is like a remake in a way...
Hunter Schafer is an amazing revelation in the show! I could not stop watching this show. Zendaya is just amazing in this. This show is perfectly casted, each actor/ actress does great in the role they've been given, they're convincing. At times, it felt like I was watching music videos instead of a show. This took away from the storytelling for me. I like the soundtrack to this show, they chose some good tunes but I'm here to see a show, see stories be told, not music videos. I couldn't wait to see how each character's story turned out, with the exception of McKay. His story was a bit uninteresting to me in comparison with all the insanity of the other characters, his girlfriend included. Maybe in season 2 they can make him a bit more interesting ?<br/><br/>What I loved best is how each episode started with the backstory for one of the main characters to help us understand why they're the way they are. I really liked that, there's so many shows out there that have been made that deal with the same subject as this show, but many fail to show how these teens got to that point in the first place - it's deeper than peer pressure. This show beautifully touches on that. I cannot wait for season 2, hope it's as good as season 1 and I highly recommend it, a definite must see. Euhoria. Is. Awful. Show. It has. No balance. Degrassi. Has balance. And. Even skins. Was. Kinda. Funny. Its to. Sadd. And serious. And the. Cast. Is Awful. They. Make it out like. Drugs. Are cool. Instead. Of a. Life lesson like. Degrassi. Or 90210. Or skins. There. Was. No. Lesson. To learn. From this. It seemed like. They. Wanna. Try. To see. What they. Can get away with. As a show. Instead. Of. Haveing. A meaning. To. There. Story's. To. Be Debbie. Downers. Like 13 reasons why. Who wants. To. Watch. A show. Were people. Are just. Depressed. The whole. Time. Boreing. Are. Peole really. Like. This every. Day. Can you be this sadd. Everyday. 😰😰😰😰😰 bring back Degrassi. This show. Is. Not. Working. There. Needs. To. Be balance. In. The story's. Of people's. Life's. As a teenager who suffers from depression and anxiety this show depicted it amazingly. It's one of the only tv shows I've seen bring it to life realistically. These other reviews are way too harsh.. this pilot was amazing in my eyes. I watched it with my family and we all liked it, it may seem generic or stereotypical but some people life's are really like this! As far as certain characters just seeming like stereotypes - I feel it's obvious they'll gain more depth as the show continues. The first episode mainly introduced Rue's storyline and we'll learn more about other characters as it continues.<br/><br/>This story is story is taken from someone's real teenage experience as a drug addict and made into a creative story for people get a better insight of what it's like for people to suffer from addiction - and it will go into other topics with the other characters. Euphoria is also based on an Israeli show which was raw and honest about the drug use of teenagers.<br/><br/>I've seen other reviewers complain that there's not one character they connected to... and it's only the first episode! I've watched certain shows that took me a few episodes to fully connect and get invested into it.<br/><br/>Anyway, as I begun saying above my family and I loved the episode and are excited for the next one. We laughed and felt sad throughout the episode we really connected with Rue and her struggle of trying to feel safe in her own mind. I've heard that the cast's acting is fantastic throughout the season and especially Zendaya's so I'M super pumped to keep watching! Terrible.
Just a terrible show.
Could barely make it through the first episode.
Not good at all.
Do yourself a favor and watch anything else. This show is amazing I was gripped from the start. I believe it is a realistic portrayal of American culture today. This is what makes it so real and raw. Added to this the soundtrack to it and camera work are second to none. This is one to watch !! Although it can be really corny at times which is kinda to be expected with a teen drama it's just such a realistic viewpoint (albeit glamorized) of the trials and tribulations of being a young person. The acting is phenomenal like out of this world and the whole cast is definitely just getting started on what is going to be great careers for them all. *****disclaimer***** although it's a show about teens it definitely should not be watched by young people if they are impressionable... the way everything's presented kind of makes this lifestyle look "cool" ...and I know young me watching this would definitely be influenced in a bad way thinking this is the cool way to behave. BUT it's a great show for adults and I highly recommend ! So addicting and entertaining I wasn't initially that into the show, but as the characters and plot are developing, I find myself liking it more and more. The acting and directing is fantastic. But, I think what gives the show grit is that it is real, and raw. They're dancing a fine line with a lot of "current issues", but dancing it well so far. If season two of Euphoria can match how great season one was then Euphoria could end up being one of the best television series-- ever made! The writing, the characters, the acting, the music and the cinematography should give this remarkable TV series a ton of Emmy and Golden Globe nominations.<br/><br/>I really admire Zendaya for boldly stepping out of the Disney universe to make such a provocative television series. As an adult, it looks like she's on her way towards becoming a tremendous actress. It's easy to admit that Euphoria has stunning visuals and tunes - each episode is a feast for those that like to look and listen. However, underneath the surface, the show is just plain. Characters overcome missing depth by being over-the-top and unrealistic. Vulgar sex, hedonism, masochism, promiscuity, drugs - all of these come off as props designed to mask the lack of any real plot or meaning.<br/><br/>I'm no prude and not too far away from being a HS student myself, yet I find the theme to have very little basis in reality. Drug fueled parties and random sex behind the roller coaster at the age of 16? Yeah right. Evidently Hollywood is desperate to normalize such behaviors, labelling them as part of the growing up experience. It's almost as if these deviations are being marketed as cool, hip, something that teens just can't avoid going through.<br/><br/>These types of jaw-dropping, scandalous genres usually emphasize the poor outcomes of destructive behaviors, but Euphoria seems to be focused on the opposite for now. It really portraits the anxiety, the fear and the euphoria of beign a teenager now days and all those feelings are really well portrait in the show cinematography. I think it's target to people who goes through things that are similar with thoses that happens with the characters I think the question is, why do we have some white guy millennial pushing 40 telling us what it's like for the modern day teen, let alone, a female African-American teen? While the highlights are the visuals, Zendaya, who does a great job, and the directing is actually pretty good, the writing is just so...cliche, one-dimensional with some paint-by-numbers illusion of depth, and gratuitous shock with no real payoff or substance. It's there just to get free press, while adding nothing to the show, and, in fact, diminishing its strong points. With all that's already been dished out in all two episodes, where can this possibly go? Levinson should focus more on story and content and less on shock. It's kind of like Eli Roth, if he had some talent. Levinson obviously has more going on, so, why he reduces himself to cheap, schlock for exposure really cheapens his work. Roth has nothing else going on, so, shock is all he has.<br/><br/>Aside from that this does not reflect any high school or any high school students other than possibly the rare occurrence of the prep school, bored, too much time on their hands, daddy-doesn't-love-me-enough of the rich, like Sam Levinson, the son of a famous writer / director. Kids that go to $30,000 a year Los Angeles schools, I hardly think have a grip on the American teen, which is why you have Nate, this characture of a jock villain who seems straight out of Batman. I'm not at all shocked by him because all I can think is poor Sam Levinson is acting out his childhood angst that even though he grew up rich and with a famous dad he still had to lose girls to the likes of peers with names like Schwarzanegar and Eastwood, and is working out his issues on screen.<br/><br/>Really, the show seems less a portrayal of teen life and more a mix of Sam Levine's real life and fantasy life for a psychologist to pick apart at a weekly therapy session. Rue is obviously Sam. What middle class girl has money for coke? They don't. They don't even have money for more than low-end beer. My cousins are upper-middle class drug addicts and they didn't have money for the hard drugs until after high school, and they were never into coke. That's rich people drugs, or adult recreation. And the way he over sexualizes teens like playthings, he's trying to play off as art, but it's your typical pervasive misogyny throughout Hollywood. Hollywood likes to talk big, like it cares about #MeToo, and is shocked by Harvey Weinstein, and yet, less than a year later is producing a show with graphic sex about kids. It's just like Hollywood shamed and fired Kevin Spacey but months later was applauding Call Me By Your Name. Hollywood picks and chooses when and who can be sexualized and when it's demonized, and when it's applauded, and seemingly at random or when it suits them.<br/><br/>I think like Eli Roth likes to shock people with how he can treat the human body, simply because he delights in making people squirm. It's that child like behavior of bad attention is better than no attention. Kind of a sociopathic cry for help. I get that from Sam Levinson, based on this show. And if you look at his pics he totally has American Psycho in his eyes along with looking very high. Poor rich Sam. Go to therapy dude. Get over yourself. No one, absolutely no one cares if your parents told you were king of the world but then didn't give you enough attention. Make good stuff and stop being such a creeper. Neon Demon meets Bret Easton Ellis meets Gregg Araki, only better. This show is way better than I expected. I think it is the best teenage drama ever. It reminded me 13 Reasons Why but I think Euphoria is better than it! Go Zendaya As a teen, if the events of this show haven't happened to you personally then they have probably happened to someone you know. The drug abuse, relationship abuse, struggling sexuality, exploited nudity, armed robbery are all things that I have personally witnessed as a teen in today's society and they are all things explored in this shockingly real show. I don't usually write reviews but seeing all the people saying it's not realistic when it really is kinda annoyed me as I bet half of them aren't teens rn. Don't get me wrong it is exaggerated and shows the extreme of these themes and for me it comes across as a warning to the extent of these common occurrences. Above all that the cinematography and characters are beautifully done but that's been said countless times, I just felt I needed to express the impact and realism of the show as a teen myself Yeah, no. This one just doesn't work. It's not as good as the other 3episodes. First of all, may I say the aesthetic of this movie IS OUT OF THIS WORLD. I am so so so drawn to the lighting, their neon makeup and the clothing.<br/><br/>It was a little too fast paced for me at first because I had to read the subtitles at the same time. But got used to it later. I love how multi-dimensional every character is and how you can see their growth through out the series. They can't be labeled. They are ever changing human beings, in a realistic way. I love that I get to see almost everyone's backstory throughout the series (of course would love to see more of Lexi and Fez's). I can see a little piece of myself in almost everyone. Their rebellion, their attraction to craziness, insecurity, unsolved trauma.<br/><br/>For sure, it all seems a bit too crazy at times. But I am very pleasured to go on this journey with these characters. The story telling skills used is so foreign but exciting! Euphoria is a show that's hard to rate, let alone review.<br/><br/><ul><li>It's an experience like no other for all age groups, especially if you're a teen, relating yourself to the characters on one or more stuffs so disturbing to you and one you struggle with</li><li>Its depiction of issues is graphic, brutal and honest in a good way</li><li>Its acting performance is mind-blowing, crystal clear and muddy at the same time in a so talented way</li><li>Its storyline and characters developments deep and award worthy</li><li>Its musical score and soundtracks wonderful, whiplashing and smooth as doves to the ears at the same time</li><li>Its cinematography and shooting gorgeous and up to the point</li></ul><br/><br/>That's not a series to review with hundreds words, making the feel of it dull and useless in the process.
You give your honest, concise opinion and mine is a big positive one.<br/><br/>Watch it, live it and be drugged by it.. Hard to watch at times but definitely worth it. A fairly realistic account of hard hitting events that affect us today, superbly written and impeccable acting by all involved. The cinematography is beautiful and directing as well. Just wow. Well done. Knowing that this was the same person who wrote and directed Assassination Nation which was one of my least favourite films of 2018 I had put this off for quite a while and my hope's weren't exactly high before pressing play, and while it's far from perfect, the stuff that works heavily outweighs the stuff that doesn't. The biggest problem with Assassination Nation imo is that it tried to be about an insightful look at contemporary issues currently affecting youth, but after the 30-40 minute mark it completely discards that sentiment and instead opps for a exploitative and pandering Purge rip off with the hallow and cringe "Ra girl power!!!" amped up to 11. Euphoria doesn't take that lazy approach. Instead it's an uncompromising and honest look at drug addiction, staying sober, abuse, trauma, modern relationships and sexuality, All the thing's you wished you learned about in school instead of having to work all of these things out on your own.<br/><br/>On top of that, the presentation is unique, purposeful and effective, and makes for some powerful moments. whether they'd be creepy, disturbing or uplifting and heartfelt. Zendaya shows a side to her acting chops that I never knew she had before. She and all the other members of the cast of young actors do a great job, no one phones it in or takes you out of the experience. I can't wait to see what they do in the future.<br/><br/>Also It's nice to see a antagonistic "evil straight white cis male" character actually be written with nuance and depth. A common mistake writers make when it comes to character's like this is that they are often written in a way that is so over the top evil that it makes it hard for any random audience member to take seriously or believe that this is a human from planet earth. They are also written in a way that requires them to be stupid and idiotic whenever it's most convenient for the plot, or if the writers want to make a character appear stronger than the antagonist. Not so here, Nate is a character who is not only menacing but is also cunning with his actions, like a puppet master carefully controlling the strings of the character's actions. On top of that he isn't one note, we see him be vulnerable in many occasions and even cry and scream. It's easy to make a character like this be a evil supervillan in a bond film and have him be the least human person in the story, but the fact that the show allows him these moments of weakness and depth makes him even more scary and real because at the end of the day he is a person who lives and thinks just like us whether we want to admit that or not. I can't remember the last time I felt disturbed by a character like this .<br/><br/>In terms of the flaws of the show, there where some cringe worthy dialogue and the occasional cliched moment. With all the moment's of realism a scene where a character walks in the school corridor after her makeover and catches eyes with every person in said corridor is the last thing I'd expect to see in a show like this. While the soundtrack is sometimes well used, there times when it can get too excessive and it can often feel like white noise. I get that this is what people are listening to but if your trying to have a show with substance you don't complement that with songs that have no substance.<br/><br/>But overall I was surprisingly impressed at how mature this show was, and how much It didn't hold back with it's content. It was cleverly presented, it kept my attention and it's probably one the most versatile look at these issues I've ever seen. Not all of it works but I admire that a show like this has come around and attempted to explore these issues and experiences without sugarcoating it in anyway. Because in this weird and confusing time It's deffenetly what people need. What. A awful. Show. A true Debbie downer. No balance. Was. No we're. Near. As. Good. As Degrassi. Or. Skins. It more. Like depression. Like 13 reasons why. Who. Wants to. Be. Sadd And angry. The. Whole. Show. There. Was. No. Humor. At all. It. Was. Just. Depressing. No. Balance. Your whole life. Can't. Be this. Bad. You. Can't. Laugh. Or. Say jokes. About. Life. Skins. And Degrassi. Deal with. Serious. Issues. It's. Not all depressing. There. Was balance. This. Is just so. Sadd. I never. Want. To. Watch. Euhoria. Again. Same with 13. Reasons. Why. Why make shows. That. Don't help. Anybody. Why would anybody. Want to. Watch. This trash. I. Give it. A. 0. And 10. We have only seen the first episode of HBO's new show Euphoria and it was certainly pushing the shock value. It doesn't totally set up where the show will go, if it goes anywhere at all, but it is a brutally honest portrayal of generation-lost. Zendaya as Rue gives a pretty strong opening to the character, and I am intrigued to see where things go; I see many commenting the show is exploitative - I totally disagree. It is showing you what actually happens and isn't promoting it either. It is bleak, hopeless even. A parent's worst nightmare if they weren't also part of the problem. Let's see where it goes Everything wrong with film in the last couple years is that it has been completely penetrated by left wing activism and identity politics. This show serves as a prime example I really don't know but I want to see more. This show is like a mistery waiting to happend. The first episode left me wanting more. The people who say it was boring clearly didn't pay enough attention. I love zedaye so I'm gonna give her a 10 score she's highly underrated. Don't sleep on her. This show is by far the best show of 2019. HBO has once again done it So so impressed with Zendaya. I was wondering why she is not top billed in the credits? She is very far down the line even for All series cast. She has an impressive portfolio. Did anyone else notice this? Watch this show. Zendaya. Jacob Elordi. Barbie Ferreira. Hunter Schafer. Just amazing, tender and powerful stories and talent.<br/><br/>This show is my new addiction.<br/><br/>Each episode so far has been left me with something special-something that was daring or unforeseen. I never thought I would like this HBO drama. Because I hate drugs and have never been interested in drugs, I don't even Smoke cigarettes. But after the first two episodes. I was totally hooked. If you can't handle the graphics. This is not the Show for You. Truth is . This is a very realistic show. People of all races, Culture. Whether they are rich or Poor get hooked on some type of drug and relapse. It happens to the best, kindest most loving people. Which is devastating. As well as ruin lives and families that are torn apart. To anyone who are having an addiction to drugs. Please get some help. Your life is important. YOU Matter. Zendaya is a first class Actress. A true Superstar who defines what Actresses should bring to the table. She never disappoints. And yes this is a challenging Series to watch. Open your eyes. This is America. And this is realityðŸŽ¤ #DontjustsayNotoDrugs #DontEverDoDrugs I've waited so long for a show this real!!!! Absolutely Amazing! This is a good series, no sweetener included: either you like it or not, but I don't understand it has been released only a couple of episodes and people suddenly knows so much about it all.
If it wasn't so graphic probably storylines wouldn't work, I wouldn't change it and actually I'm "addicted": can't wait for next episodes.. I keep having to leave the living room. I messed up a family member this way and it's never been the same. This is raw. This is unpleasantly personal. I almost want the ridiculous 80's HS instead. I can't believe enough people had these same experiences that a show like this would even be on HBO...with THIS cast? I want to give it 1/10 stars, but it does have beautiful graphics. This show is straight up strange, and very disturbing. I gave it 4 episodes hoping it would get better, but the plot is all over the place and nobody is good at acting. HBO has never failed me with shows, until now. Untrue, over glamorized life of drug addict. Clearly, desperate try to get opinion of the critics.... What a cheap shot... Disgusted! Broadcast "requiem for a dream" to educate the youth, If this is your agenda. But agenda is not for good cause, like the movies from 90s... today it's about making money and false fame based on scandal... what a shame First, with a piece like this, controversy is inevitable. It deals with strong sexual content, sexual fluidity, violence, drug use, addiction (and a whole lot more), however the former is where I imagine those most critical of the series will focus their energy.
No, it's not for children. I thought the cautionary messages preceding each episode provided fair warning, but then, fair warning for some just wont do. Just remember, this is forced on no one.
So, there is a potent strain of surrealism running throughout, swelling with intensity depending on the context. That's its feel, and it's almost a tactile experience at that.
If the dreamlike quality is the contextual cushion, then the subject matter is the sting. Those who've experienced some or much of the subject matter presented know well there is not much exaggeration happening here. Some may watch the entire season and be truly unable to relate, however, many more will absolutely draw parallels between their experiences and those of specific characters.
Time passes. Music, language and styles shift, but the exploratory nature and expression of that age is on full, graphic and flawless display here. I tried to get into this show. I rewatched the first episode twice. Trying to desperately see what is there besides the hype. The show looks great. The aesthetics are amazing. But once I put it on, I couldn't really buy the end product. The packaging is so nice and shiny, but when you open it up, what's on the inside seems to be a let down. The characters talk/act so choppy, mumbly, and cartoonish that I almost want to laugh. I couldn't believe any of them. I could FEEL a writer sitting down at a table trying to come up with characters who were "hip" and "trendy" like "today's kids". I'm not the demographic for this show, so maybe the generation it's aimed at find these characters to be believable. But for me, they all screamed inauthentic and I could practically see a writer who was trying to write characters he/she/they really don't know about or put any depth behind.<br/><br/>It's all really inauthentic, honestly. At least that's how I felt from the first episode. Maybe I'm wrong. People seem to like it. But do they like it because it's actually a good show or because it packages itself to look like it would be a good show? This is one of those instances where the cake looks so good on the outside that when you take a bite...even though it tastes stale...you can't really bring yourself to say it's bad because it looks so pretty.<br/><br/>That's just my opinion though. Nothing about the first episode of this show made me think it was good other than the way it looks. The actual script, dialogue, characters, and plot felt meh. <ul><li>That think they can rate a show after seeing one episode...</li><li>That think they can compare their non drug experienced life to a drug's user one or living with such a person.</li><li>That think people only use booze/drugs to party.</li><li>That think that your high school son/daughter never took a look in your medicine cabin for 'exploring other things then booze'</li></ul><br/><br/>As an older person I still can relate to multiple points acted out sublimely by Rue. The drugs, the urge to mentally shut down, the depression, the maniacal obsessing over things which don't add up. If you think this show is to much or to vulgair i'm pitying your kids as you probably gonna be bad at parenting. And I invite you to take a trip into my mind to be blown away by reality. Thing is, some parts may be a tad to much for certain viewers but if your youth is like that in their minds the real issues are still to come. The only thing what was truely depicted badly in this show in my opinion are the parenting roles, with the dad of the most up person trying to do his best but not confronting the BS. Let's hope that takes a turn for the better in the next season.<br/><br/>Oh and for the persons who think this show promotes drugs, go buy and try some you nitwits because you have no idea what your talking about, ðŸ¤£ but then again perspective isn't your strongest suit LOL I've seen 13 Reasons Why, Riverdale, Atypical, Pretty Little Liars, and many other teen dramas. It is without hesitance that I conclude this as the best one. Only six episodes are currently released, but so far this is another masterpiece on HBO's plate. I am so hooked to the point that I would KILL for early access to the next episode. I mean, what can I say? Perfect acting, amazing directing, stunning cinematography and an addicting story... A normality for HBO. Wasn't sure I was gonna enjoy a show about teenagers but this new show had me hooked from the start, captivating TV, dark in places, distrurbing too at how life is now for teens, I mean I thougut it was bad when I was a teenager but this show is next level, very well made, I do find it funny though that this show is about teenagers yet its far to graphic and mature for actual teenagers. Ha ha. Euphoria is a show with a lot going on. It seems to be a commentary and inner look of the drug and sex culture of teens, but walks the fine line between glamorization and exploration. The plots are interesting, but the storytelling is a bit muddy. They seem to jump scenes with little to no explanation or transitions. The characters are somewhat relatable to me (although I didn't experience their issues and culture until college), and there's some moving and gripping scenes that will have you on edge. Plus, subtle dark humor is carefully woven into the show and narration, and it adds a few comedic elements without taking away from the intensity. If they fix the storytelling, I could really see this show taking off. Some say this show is too graphic, but then celebrate Game of Thrones? That doesn't make sense in my eyes. As soon as I saw the title and the network, I knew I was in for something explicit. Euphoria takes you on a journey, and even with the show's flaws, it's worth it. The hype about this show makes one think it would be mindblowing. It made me wonder, is it the acting too bad or the script just doesn't get any deeper? I was somehow reminded of 13 reasons why, and... wait, every teen show US has ever made. Every character was stereotypical and seemed try-hard to be what they were supposed to be like. Nina King and Zendaya truly tried to save this tho. It was so disappointing to watch Alexa Demie's performance, when I heard her say this show made her get out of her comfort zone. Like, the 3 words dialogue is your best work? I'm not trying to be mean, but I enjoy films and shows that make you think, feel, wonder, laugh and scream. Euphoria just made me think of many music videos that have inexplicable scenes just for the esthetic. Its the proof that makeup looks, outfits, lights and colors is not enough to make something special. It's a TV-serie of teenagers with all the problems in the world. From drugs to murders and pregnancies, The probleme is that throughout the season they are the same, no one improves, no one changes and they only get worse.You will only waste your time If you wait for a story with good development and outcome.
It's very sad because it looks with so much potential, it has good music, effects and actors. Euphoria Review:<br/><br/>Euphoria is a new HBO series created and directed by Sam Levinson. It follows Rue (Zendaya) a struggling teenage drug addict who just got out of rehab. As she returns back to school in the fall we see A look at life for a group of high school students as they grapple with issues of drugs, sex, and violence. I probably would have never discovered this show really had it not been made by A24. I'm happy I discovered it because this has to be the best show of the summer and possibly the year. What Sam Levinson creates was a raw look at what happens in real life with some teenagers. We just don't see that most of the time. What makes this show special is this is really based on his life. Not the actual plot but he went through many of these things. I know for sure he had a drug addiction in the past. Each character is a different aspect of his life. The one that is most like him is Zendaya's character, Rue. Zendaya is such an amazing actress. It doesn't feel like I'm watching Zendaya but an actual drug addict. She narrates and is the main character so we see everything about her. I really hope she can get a Golden Globe nomination for her best performance yet. What's really special about all the characters we see is that we know them personally. Each episode starts out with Rue narrating about a specific character. We get their life story. If they seem like a bad person and we don't like them, after their exposition we can feel for them and have sole emotion towards them, typically sympathy. Everyone had a great performance in this show. For most of them being young actors this is a great way to start out showing their best. A few other people in particular I really found myself invested in and loved their characters were Hunter Schafer as Jules, Barbie Ferreira as Kat, and most recently Sydney Sweeney as Cassie. Cassie is a good example of a character I wasn't invested in at the beginning but the exposition makes me feel differently about them. Every episode has something interesting to provide. The first few episodes had a few slow spots but after episode four (Shook One: Pt II) I didn't find too many slower spots. It is a little slower paced than most shows but it's a look at real life. Speaking of episode four, that was such an interesting episode to watch. There was a total time change in that episode and I didn't want it to end. The other two episodes I really enjoyed were episode seven (The Trials and Tribulations of Trying to Pee While Depressed) and the eighth and final episode of the season (And Salt the Earth Behind You). Those three episodes I just didn't really want to end. The show just looks beautiful. The lighting is absolutely stunning. They use lighting likes it's a stage production and it looks beautiful. Episode seven is a great example of that. The last ten minutes take place at a club with lots of flashing lights but that lighting design continues when it cuts to other stories. The production in general is just beautiful. Another example is episode four. It takes place at a carnival and that was just a really cool setup that we don't see much. Lots of vibrant lights and they venture around. The cinematography is very good. It captures the tone and the mood very well so we can feel what a character is feeling. Like when Rue is on a trip, I believe it's episode one where she's tripping and everything is just spinning around except for her. That was a really cool sequence. There's a lot with the costumes and makeup being used. They were very good. Jules uses a lot and she always had a unique look. The score by Labrinth is very good. I really liked it for episode four. The music choices were very good as well. The finale's final sequence has a song by Zendaya and Labrinth. That was such a beautiful and great sequence. It left me wanting more. That's what this show does. It leaves you wanting more even when it's painful to watch. I would highly recommend watching this. Before each episode there is a message that says this is graphic and a raw portrayal of these problems. If you have a problem with a lot of explicit content, whether it's violence, sexual content, or language, this is not the show for you. But it's real life so it shows everything. This is a show that I can see winning awards for its achievements in most everything. I would show this to many people if I could have the chance. If you want a good drama I think this is the one.<br/><br/>My Grade: A- This show means something dearly to me. With the generation I come from we are bombarded with information and constant pressures of people opinions. We fall so easily into issues with anxiety acceptance and depression. This show shows the extremes of how some teenager cope. It's shocking and disturbing but it needs to be. People need to look at what the worse roads could possibly be. People need to be angers and outraged because if they are comfortable they will never help things change. Please watch this show from the view point of young people navigating a world with social media. Think of the pressures perfection and constant stimulation has on people. Use your outrage of this show and move to help battle mental illness. HBO does it again and have created another show to go down in history as something everyone should see and should talk about Having a black teenage drug addict that's so quirky and funny and can make it happen and make it stop whenever she wants, and she's so plot prioritized against other characters who are all white is some kinda leftist agenda that makes it cool to be a black drug addict but show all the rest of white characters in a negative light Okay. Some reviews in here are probably from some teenage viewers: they don't seem to understand it or know how to rate this. Well, it is of course a bit confusing for them. They are probably American, being prude is in their DNA. But besides that they didn't live an adult life yet. While the characters in this series are. I understand teenagers will be confused watching this: they see adult social drama disguised as a and using the visual language of the American genre of teenage movies. Of course some 16 year olds and older could appreciate this but to my opinion this series is aimed at an adult audience. 21 and up. Not much real social drama coming from the US, if so it is mostly sanitised. Mostly we have to look at the UK to do this well. But It is worth your while, this US one. Okay lets get one thing clear THIS IS NOT A KIDS SHOW its a real show dealing with real issues of today one of the best shows ive ever seen yet theres quite adult content here nudity and sex zendaya is a drug attic however her preformance is golden this show is beautiful in its own way and it shines I didn't spend my youth wisely... so if you - like me - have been there, you'll recognise the emotions, the thoughts, what happens along the way.. The story is told and filmed in a very captivating way - caught me from the start! Zendaya is amazing, didn't really think she had it in her. DONT KNOW WHY SHE IS NOT IN THE TOP BILL CAST. Must be some racism going on with that. Her performance so far has been breath taking. Literally had me looking for the original Israeli show to see if it is her or the writers. The writing is good. Zendaya is perfect. If you have ever struggled with addiction or drugs or knew someone that was struggling especially as an adolescent this show can be really triggering which I love. Pushes the boundaries. Think this show perfectly captures this young lady journey. If the writers were American I think they would experiment with the racial things that happens in Suburban America. Show is really good. The show selves into different topics from drug addiction to online life. The main thing is that the filmmaking on the show is superb . They know when to hammer down hard and just make it all look beautiful. Sam Levinson and team are pulling off some fantastic work Very weird and sometimes terribly disturbing show. If you really wanted to make a show on mental illnesses and drug abuse could have went a different route. The show is very extreme. Makes me scared of high schools for kids Really enjoyed the pilot & the direction that this show is going in Before we get to the meat of this review, I'd like to mention that Euphoria comes with a viewer discretion warning at the start of every episode. The reason I feel I need to mention this is I've read plenty of reviews mentioning how graphic the show is. That being said, the show still leaves us with a lot to discuss.<br/><br/>Euphoria is a teen drama that revolves around the life of 17-year-old Rue, a drug addict who is straight out of rehab, with many other underlying issues such as her mental state and the people around her. The common scenario in a show with themes of addiction has Rue facing the overwhelming compulsion of going back to the poison she chooses. The show focuses both on addiction and mental health in the perspective of teen life, as well as sex, love, self-image, gender identity, violence, family dynamics and the weight that stress from school can have on a teenager.<br/><br/>As a young adult who has just left school, I can vouch for how terrifyingly realistic this show is in depicting the life of a teenager today (although I appreciate that some of the plot is exaggerated; it's Hollywood). The show does this subtly as the majority of situations depicted I've either experienced or know people my age that have experienced it. Technology, social media, substances, sex are so easy to gain access to nowadays, which I believe parents especially tend to forget. This foolish idea that children don't get a taste of the 'big bad world' out there needs to end; if anything, high school is where this journey starts. Euphoria shows us the real-life scenarios teens face.<br/><br/>Euphoria delves into substance abuse in every episode and how this affects the dynamic of each relationship. Once Rue meets new girl Jules, who is currently transitioning, she finds the will to stay clean. We are indirectly shown how hard it is for her to keep this act up as her environment is filled with pill-popping teens. Jules seems like a good influence at first until we see the dangerous situations she puts herself in. One destructive trait is the toxic hook-ups she leaves herself vulnerable to with older men; situations many LGBT teens put themselves in, which I am also guilty of. The toxic relationship between the two distracts Rue from her current cycle of addiction.<br/><br/>Euphoria is so much more than the themes mentioned earlier. We are introduced to Nate and Maddy - the 'IT couple' who seemingly have it all - until we get to the physical and emotional abuse, derived from Nate's battle to acknowledge his sexuality. Despite this, we see Maddy justify his behaviour with the excuse that they are madly in love, even to the point where the two realise their relationship is unhealthy.<br/><br/>Moving onto Kat and Cassie, who we both see struggling with their sexuality and body image as they become extremely confident women, but discover that being women comes with the harsh reality of men objectifying them. A difficult pill to swallow, but the truth for many teenagers reaching adolescence.<br/><br/>This is just the tip of the iceberg with what Euphoria covers in its perfectly-captured and blissful cinematography. One of the many things I love about this show is how it captures each scene with - dare I say - euphoria. The pastel-sparkling visuals and upbeat soundscape helps express the ecstatic emotions that fill our cast of characters, but also shows how hauntingly blind we are to things that only give us temporary happiness. This style of cinematography also shows how fragile our mental state can be with the slightest shock to the system.<br/><br/>Back to the first episode. Viewers learn that Rue has been diagnosed with OCD, ADD, general anxiety disorder and depression. Rue explains why she first tried to self-medicate, moving on into how she longed for the short period in which it numbed her.<br/><br/>"Everything stops. Your heart, your lungs, and finally your brain. And everything you feel and wish and want to forget, it all just sinks... Over time, it's all I wanted, those two seconds of nothingness."<br/><br/>Later, Rue exhibits strong symptoms of bipolar disorder, which is often portrayed with exaggerated stereotypes. In the final episode we see Rue breaking down into hysterics, trying to figure out her confusing relationship with Jules and her depression. Everyone around Rue is certain that she is bipolar, with Rue questioning it at one point in the episode. She goes online - like we all do when we're seeking misadvised help - asking: "Can a bipolar person tell that they're bipolar?"<br/><br/>Rue even goes through two depressive episodes in which she can't seem to get out of bed, not even to urinate which she rightly says: "A healthy adult bladder can hold up to 2 cups of urine." This ultimately puts her though excruciating pain, which she ignored as her mental state is worse at this stage - something everyone with depression can relate to. Her second episode comes after she lets Jules go. Walking home alone, she breaks down in tears before reacquainting herself with a line of cocaine.<br/><br/>Small details like this allow Euphoria to describe mental illness and how it really feels to be affected by it.<br/><br/>What struck me the most with this show is the toxicity in the relationships, especially with Jules. Parents are the main focus for this as most are ignorant to the fact that Jules' need for emotional and sexual intimacy drives her to meet older men in these dangerous environments. They can take advantage of her, and this becomes the norm for her. This is especially true for LGBT teens as most have such little experience with being able to express themselves publicly that they feel the need to resort to this.<br/><br/>Moving away from the messages this show throws at us, Euphoria is a dreamy and gritty 8 episode emotional rollercoaster. The performance by the entire cast is phenomenal especially from Zendaya and Hunter Schafer. If you haven't watched it yet, give it a shot and I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised. I can not put into words how good this show is. It's like nothing I've ever watched before. It's so slick with its clever camera work, and amazing score. The actors are of such a high caliber, considering they are so young. I can't recommend it highly enough it's and absolute must see!! I'm a recent High School Grad, and this is the only show that has accurately depicted my high school experience. The show is never inaccurate, exploitative, or untruthful. This is the life that so many friends of mine and I have lived. Also I'm so happy they have so much diversity - it's about time. A24 is doing a fantastic job and I can't wait for season 2. Very relatable show that will stand the test of time.. Keep watching and you will find something that keeps you interested The beautiful visuals are set to a season long soundtrack that enlivens the entire experience. Can't take my eyes off the screen. One of the best show of the summer!!! The whole cast is great but Zendaya's acting is just amazing. The cinematography and editing are outstanding. The music fits the scenes perfectly. I just love this show very much!!! Four episodes in, I believe "Euphoria" might be the bravest television show ever produced. That's not to say it lacks flaws, notably the relentless cringeworthy depiction of teen sex and drug addiction, which upon first glance I felt glorified it in ways I simply couldn't support as art. What did stand out from the first frame was the hyper-stylized art direction, cinematography, sound design, score and soundtrack, all of which seamlessly navigate the viewer through dayglow psychedelic worlds that consistently blur the line between fantasy and reality. As for the acting, lead actress Zendaya continues to impress with one of the most memorable performances of the year thus far. However, it's newcomer and co-star Hunter Schafer who delivers what I feel is an Emmy caliber performance as Jules.<br/><br/>The obvious comparisons that come to mind are "Requiem for a Dream" and "Kids" which creator, writer, director and producer Sam Levinson is clearly paying homage to throughout this series. Much like these two films, Levinson offers and unflinching depiction of American hedonism gone incredibly wrong. For many -myself included- it's taken too far, particularly in the over abundance of male genitalia that seemed almost absurdly overused in episode 2.<br/><br/>Then, something shifted for me. A formula began to develop that caught my attention about mid-way through episode 3. Each episode kicks off with a psychological profile of one of the characters (i.e., Rue in episode 1, Nate in episode 2, Kat in episode 3 and Jules in episode 4). Each character is suffering some form of deep psychological disorder stemming from death, loss or trauma associated with sexual identity. It's an effective tool that offers something few shows ever dare to do, which is a complete analyzation of human behavior through the lens of childhood trauma.<br/><br/>As a child of therapists myself, I've inadvertently held an analytic view of human behavior that looking back was both a detriment and blessing growing up. High school in particular nearly killed me largely in part to my own empathy. For any shy, empathetic, analytic person, high school can be a waking nightmare that is only exacerbated by the introduction of drugs, alcohol, sex and hormones that alone cause a rollercoaster of emotions. "Euphoria" dares to delve into what teen life looks and feels like in the digital age and spoiler alert; it's horrifying. I honestly can't fathom how Gen Z teens cope with the endless onslaught of information, while navigating the all seeing eye of social media. "Euphoria" has simultaneously opened the wounds of adolescent life, while offering a snapshot of what it looks like today. If anything, "Euphoria" has made me a more empathic adult when it comes to understanding the complexity of a generation I'm 20+ years removed from.<br/><br/>Regardless of whether or not that was the shows intent, I applaud HBO for green lighting what will likely be viewed by critics as "shock, for shock value" entertainment with no substance. I myself was skeptical, but after four episodes I can say for certain that "Euphoria" is a landmark achievement with a depth seldomly experienced in either film or television. I can't in good conscious recommend it for fear of alienating friends and family, but I can say that if you're willing to look past the sex and drugs, there are rewards and redemption in "Euphoria" that might just realign viewers perception teen life in America in 2019. When stripped of the "look at what I did" cinematography and over-reliance on sex as a plot device, there is nothing more here than you will find in any below average teen drama. Quite simply it's DeGrassi Junior High with a bigger budget and a tedious amount of sex and drugs.<br/><br/>Populated entirely with unlikable, self-obsessed characters, Euphoria, tries to distract from its many plot holes, cliches and reality gaps with camera trickery and a pervasive (admittedly very good) soundtrack. It's impossible to relate to or even feel sympathy for any of the characters. And just when you think you might have a sliver of empathy for somebody, the director will dump you right back in the real world with a 4 minute long tracking shot that ruins any sense of being immersed in the world of Euphoria.<br/><br/>In many ways it's comparable to the British series, Skins - which although flawed in its own ways at least had some humour to lighten the mood. Euphoria is devoid of anything even remotely funny or entertaining.<br/><br/>So final words, the only people who should watch this are film students, there are some great camera tricks here, watch it with the sound off. For everybody else, just stream the soundtrack on Spotify and save yourself several hours of dullness. *Im writing this review after only watching 2 episodes*
So far i liked the story, the acting though is very good! + that this is one of not too many TV series who know exactly what it means to be a teenager these days. I'm sick of reading adults saying their teens shouldn't watch this, or that that's not how high school is. You don't know what high school is now an days, sure you might have the same problems but everything wasn't as easily accessible then. I graduated early and I can say this is an accurate description of high school now. If you think this is bad for 17+ then you need to realize almost all of this they have already seen. Teens now already have the highest depression rate ever. This show isn't going to make it worse cause it's in your head. If anything it'll help them talk about it, realize they need help, or realize they're not alone as far as mental health.This show needs more recognition then it's getting.The actors,writers,directors, everything is amazing and if you want to have a show that describes the real world(especially for teens now) without sugarcoating then this is for you. This show is about a lot of the mistakes and lostness of youth. i come from an earlier generation and from a suburbia that more successfully repressed its youth. it wasn't until i was out of high school that i really started to become aware of the depth and breadth of the world. these kids are diving in and suffering from their own problems and the inevitable carried over problems of their parents' lives. there is so much ugliness and divisiveness in the world and our bodies are calling out to us to have fun and discover love and the vagaries of its physical expression. my generation came before the pill popping opiate epidemic. it's easy to seek out oblivion when you need to escape your pain, but it doesn't leave you in a good place to build up the life you ultimately need. maybe the biggest problem with this show is the emotions run so high that it has to seem sensational, but that's the way it feels when you are young. i remember that. the first cuts are the deepest. but life is so easy to run into a rut that i envy these kids on their dangerous journey and the feelings they are feeling and are going to feel. i love this show because you feel the heart of all involved and that's what i look for in art, something that makes me feel something that i feel myself, especially when most of TV is a reality hellscape of fake trivializations of life like something out of Orwellian tv or Brave New World. not enough shows or movies make you feel anything really. i watch more tv shows than movies at this point because those 100 million blockbusters are just calculated pre-fab. i'll take this and Mad Men, Rectify, 13 ReasonsWhy, Six Feet Under, Humans.... I guess what I'm saying is that episode 5 is about the human in ability to sequester what perception is versus what thinking and living at the same time are. They believe by reason that perception and truth are reasonable and always have rational conclusion. But they do not. That is why we have base trial. That is why we have law. Trial powers by prosecution are not free for that purpose. And in this episode it seems really really clear that there are a lot of that goings on. I wrote three other reviews for this episode one is a correction. The original was deleted, not by me. I can't say that I enjoyed all my time watching Euphoria. The first episode is hard to watch, it's an unusually concept for a tv show to start off with no hope and no redeeming qualities it just makes you sad. It remains this way for the first three episodes you don't expect anything good to happen so you realise not to root for anybody. It would of being difficult to watch all 8 episodes if it continued down this path. As the characters grow and the stories get more fleshed out you begin to start seeing the brief glimpses of hope, that's when the show starts to lighten up a little and find it's sense of humour. by episodes 7 you have forgotten what the show taught you in the beginning, that nothing good will come from any of this, But the show is all to happy to remind you that life seldom provides the happy ending we so desire. Overall acting was superb and even though the material is shocking it is never pointless. Nothing about this show sensationalise drug use, sex or alcohol it's all there in abundance but the show makes it clear that the consequence of your actions are what you have to live with which is often more important than the action itself. It's a frightening fact for any adult that all the crazy things we did by the time we reached our late 20s, most 17 year olds of the millennial generation have already tried and ticked off by the time they hit their 16th birthday.<br/><br/>Euphoria is the story of that generation and tells the stories of a range of dysfunctional teenagers, primarily told from the POV of the central character of Rue (Zendaya in one of the most raw performances to date) a barely functioning drug addict who is disconnected from her mother, most of her school friends and has a tense relationship with her younger sibling but forms an unlikely friendship with newcomer to the town, Jules (Hunter Schafer). Although Rue acts as the main narrator for all the stories, the show is very much an ensemble piece. Both the male and female characters come under scrutiny here, all of whom have complex lives and back stories and none conform to the stereotypes they first appear to be. This is a testament to the quality of the writing of the show, which is extremely strong, all the characters in the show are well fleshed out and not as black and white as some first appear. These kids are vulnerable, broken and looking for love and affection in all the wrong places and are representative of the complex lives that this generation are embroiled in today. Sex for some is addiction, for others its almost transient in nature, for others it means pain or a release but is almost rarely something pleasurable. Although the parents and teachers take very much a secondary role in the story, those we gain more insight too are often as troubled as the children their trying to raise. Some of the characters are beyond evil.<br/><br/>The show deals with a number of difficult topics, many of which are extremely dark and difficult to digest but the show is all the more commendable for taking them on.<br/><br/>Each episode of the show presents a backstory to one of the characters, often shedding light on a very different perspective to their behaviour and motivations elsewhere. These are all the shows strengths. It's weakness is that so many (fortunately not all) of the characters are so unlikeable it does beg the question, why should we care about any of these people? But a small number of the characters are extremely empathetic and grow on you as the series goes on and more of their back stories are revealed. It's also a credit to the young cast that they manage to portray such complex roles, so well. Universally the cast performances in this show are brilliant with Barbie Ferreira being especially worthy, making the most of her characters unusual journey and she brings much required humour to the story and provides many of lighter moments.<br/><br/>The show is also extremely well shot and directed, conveying the story at times in an almost drug like state as scenes blur from one party to another, while at other times it's thumping at the pace of an out of control party. It has an energy and style that matches the subject it tackles to a T. The nudity here feels appropriate and real, giving a believable context to the scenes where its used. This is what these people do and how they behave and their actions have consequences. This show is superior to many of its predecessors that covered similar topics, far less self-important than Lena Dunham's 'Girls' with a far greater appeal to a much wider audience and with a far more diverse range of believable characters who don't all come from rich backgrounds that enable them to live their lives without consequence. I hope the shows creators fully grasp the elements that make this show work and adhere to them for future seasons. It would actually be interesting to follow these characters into their early twenties to see how the fall out of their teenage years effects their journeys in adulthood and shapes the people they become. If any show has the balls to go that far, its definitely this one. Highly recommended. The concept of the show is good & pretty much has me hooked. The good ease up on how much penis's you see per episode. I've never seen so many in my life lol. The accuracy to real like school, isn't as extreme as they make it in the show. In my opinion. I just binge-watched this last night and I must say I really liked it.
Actors were great, some weird stuff but overall really satisfied. This is easily the best teen drama ever. HBO and A24 did a wonderful job. Sex,nudity,violence and drugs are basically the norm of this show. Rue is a great character and it's violent,dark and insane. Highly recommended. This show is as real and as amazing as you can get and one of my favourite shows ever. Nothing hard to watch for me as I've seen it all before but man they did this controversial stuff so well , this show is not meant for anyone under 18 that's for sure even though the show portrays 16 & 17 yo doing this stuff however it is so cleverly written with awesome music and incredible character intros not to mention funny as heck. I simply can't wait for season 2 , be warned Euphoria is not for everyone but I can't recommend it enough for people who can enjoy it. I love it so much. The plot is very great and amazing to watch This show is an insanely good show that I think isn't for most people, Just toning down the amount of porn would have been nice, it got a bit too much at points.<br/><br/>However,
The main character, Rue, is likeable in her own stupid way, and the acting by Zendaya makes her character feel like she's gone through real hard times. It does get stupid at points, such as the drug dealing 12 year old?! but I feel like it fits with the insane visuals throughout the show.<br/><br/>Which I must say, the Cinematography throughout the show is just top notch, impeccable, amazing, incredible, insane. Just wow. I have to give props to the DP and Visual Directors for making a show that could have looked dull, really vibrant and impressive. The amount of effort put into visuals is more than marvel or dc put in.<br/><br/>The story that the series tells is confusing, but It works with the character of Rue being an unreliable narrator, which she say's her self which I found funny. It makes everyone seems lost, as most people are during this point in their lives.<br/><br/>This show is not a show that you will watch for the story, it's a show you will watch for it's character development (some people would say that is story) and visual style. It engulfs you in it's world, and you want to save every character you meet within the show, even the "bad guys".<br/><br/>Great show, made in a great way, though it isn't for everyone!<br/><br/>86/100 There are times this is absolutely gripping.<br/><br/>You feel the emotional attachment to several of the characters.<br/><br/>But then there are times when it feels a little too indulgent in silliness.<br/><br/>Overall a good watch but some strange parts drop this into the good watch rather than must watch. I don't know what this show is trying to prove? That all millennials are drug addicts or gay? Huge liberal misrepresentation of millennials and enough with the gay! Won't be continuing with this sub par writing, even though Zendaya does an awesome acting performace! Personally, I agree that Euphoria didn't have a 10/10 pilot. However, I enjoyed it and believe it is necessary to be shown on TV, especially in today's society.
The biggest question I've seen reading reviews is "who is the targeted audience? Why?" I think that the targeted audience is young adults/adults, particularly parents. This show, however absurd it may seem, is what goes on in the lives of the younger generation today. yes, there are 11-12 year old drug dealers (even if it was exaggerated, it's still a TV show) and 17 year olds overdosing. The reality of young kids truly not caring about life or death, just wanting to escape it all via sex, drugs, and partying. Obviously not every teenager in 2019 is like this, but more so than older generations may realize.
I think this show is a warning. For young adults, it's a reminder of what can happen to us when we act out and think nothing is serious. For parents, this show is a warming of what your child may be doing when you're not around.
The cinematography and music was on point for today's society and the mindset of a drug user. The dialogue could have been better, and some things were definitely over exaggerated.
Yet I still recommend watching! I'm sure Zendaya will be collecting more than one award for this show. Definitely will continue watching. I could leave a big review about how good the acting directing and story is but what do you expect it's HBO they aren't able to make a bad series season or episode (apart from Game of Thrones season 8) ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ sorry D&D I don't write reviews, ever, so bear with me.
It took 2 tries to get through the first episode, and that is not because the show is poorly done. I was in tears within the first 10 minutes, and I'm still not sure why. I thought I was in the wrong mindset, but on the second viewing, I had similiar feelings but powered through because there is something there that I want to see. want to feel. I am so glad I did. Hunter Schafer is a revelation, and Zendaya...words cannot express how much I love her performance. She got my attention with Spider-Man (how I love her as MJ!!), but she has earned my loyalty with Euphoria. Incidentally, for anyone that reads this and feels the same with about her, please check out any work with Julia Garner or Lakeith Stanfield. I feel the exact same way about all of them, and cannot wait to see the art they can translate for the world.
I'm only on the 4th episode, so I can't give much more of a review, but I am so nervously excited to see more from all involved. The first episode had me incredibly invested. I thought this would finally be a more realistic, existensial take on the struggles of Gen-Z puberty and late teenhood. It was, for a while. However as the series went on, more on more dramatized 'tropes' were introduced. Abusive relationships, addiction, struggles with sexuality and mental health.<br/><br/>Now I'm not saying that's bad, not at all. Those subjects are a very important reality to portray, however I felt like this show would do that while keeping it relatively grounded and realistic. Instead, especially in the latter half of the season, it went more and more towards that slightly over the top 'yeah, I'm watching a drama show' point and I think that's a bit of a shame.<br/><br/>The acting is mostly great, cinematography is stunning, just like the music. It's a very enjoyable watch and I'd still recommend it! I personally was just hoping for a more grounded approach of all the issues younger generations face. This show also does that, however most of it's main characters go through things that are pretty extreme exceptions. Again, that is fine and a very enjoyable watch! I just expected something a bit more grounded and I'm also blaming the person recommending this show to me by saying it was 'like Degrassi, but realistic', haha.<br/><br/>Still, I binged it and had a great time. Go give this a try! So much is good about this. The storylines are deep, intense and raw. They really take you on a ride with these characters and the issues they face. From drugs, sex, identity, family, friends, pressures of high school, addictions (of all sorts), adolescence, mental issues...It is so very hard to not get involved with one or more of them. The music and song choices are supurbly placed within that make it even deeper. Even their parents have story arcs that are intense in relation to them.I am amazed at the cast, acting, directing even the choreographing of events that it would take to make it so very effective. By the end of this season, it took my breath away. Original Songs are by Labrinth, a newly become favorite of mine.
(This was an adaptation from an Israeli show Euphoria from a few years ago. It is different in what draws them together and in how they deal with being teenagers. No parental elements made crucial) The show was much better than i expected, it really gets you hooked with everything that is happening, another great job from HBO Zendaya and Hunter Schafer's chemistry is truly beautiful and magical and even though the show probably takes the drama up a notch it perfectly encapsulates the mind and souls of these young teens and what they're going through. I was quite shocked by this show. I turned it on as a Drake and Zendaya fan but instantly fell in love with the characters, the stories, the directing, everything!!! It's a must-see! I've never even written a review but I felt the need to because people need to watch this show! Also a chance to see McSteamy on this show...priceless! Good show and real . Está muy actualizado con la realidad . It sucks to see so many people bashing this show as if it just flaunts nudity and drug use for no reason at all.. In reality, some form of what a lot of these kids are going through did take place where I lived. Not everyone is privileged enough to grow up in a gated community within the suburb of Yuppy Valley, USA. I completely understand if people don't care for this show, or have trouble relating to it...everyone is different -different strokes for different folks... For me, growing up in a high crime area ....seeing several of my friends fall into addiction before making my own way there as well.... Having MULTIPLE friends who, as an underage minor, were sexually assaulted or raped. Parental vision was almost non existent and we kids would grow up on our own running around town at all hours of the night...before eventually falling in with the"wrong" crowd and began learning the art of hustling among other illegal activities as a way and means to survive. We also had the few preppy jocks, and the creepy teachers and all that.... And they were just as cringey and awful as in this show.<br/><br/>
Whether you like it or not....regardless of how "offended" you are, most of these stories are so accurate with so many kids growing up and I LOVE finally seeing a show about teens that come from hard times and do what they need to do or have been taught to do to survive... This resonated with me.so much more than any other show about teenagers... And I'm super appreciative. As a teen I find this show so incredibly accurate in its portrayal of adolescenthood that it hurts. I haven't been through much of what the characters have been through, but I'm aware that all of these events are taking place in the lives of other teens around me.<br/><br/>Teen sex, the pressure to have premarital sex, booze, alcohol, trans issues, everything that could be imagined.<br/><br/>Honestly I loved the show more than I expected. It's a really well put together that focuses on more than one character.<br/><br/>Give it a chance, and if your opened minded, you will love it! Euphoria isn't just another high school show with the common tropes that are seen all to often. Every character is multidimensional offering more then the typical high school characters that are usually seen. The actors crush it and Zendaya does some of her best acting to date. The cinematography is amazing. To me it's filmed in a very artistic way that gives it a music video feel.<br/><br/>The story is real. This is what sets this show apart for me and brings it to the next level. Yes it's graphic, yes some of it is hard to watch, but that's life..... Theres no point in sugarcoating a story about sexually active teenagers who do drugs. This stuff happens and I praise this show for showing these difficult topics in a real way. It's the movie Kids, with Havoc, and few others mixed into the combo for new era to see. Does it check off this box, and this one, this one, this one, this one, and this one..... Yep Should be of little surprise. Nice to see Zendaya do big girl role. Am locked in thus far, hopefully puts to shame as my title says all Netlix teen shows, then eat my words. Not going to lie, I want to binge! Based on pilot 7.5/10 I need a new show to watch and this is entertaining enough ! Just by watching the pilot has got me hooked.. It's really a good show.dont read any negative comments I don't understand why everybody likes this show so much. Probably because of Zendaya being in it. I mean it is actually disturbing, there is so much nudity, there is so many toxic relationship and the female characters hook up with like everybody. When I watched it I was so bored and mostly on my phone. This feels like it encourages teens to do all this stuff instead of sending a message. Everybody hates on 13 Reasons Why when instead it is actually a show you can learn from, a show who sends so many messages. The only thing I like about this is that there is actually some good actors in this for example the guy who plays Nate. If Larry Clark directed a cast of Mouseketeers it would probably be an awful lot like this. The kids act their faces off in this. I didn't realize how good Zendaya was, she's almost as talented as her doppelganger from one of 2019's best shows: Chambers. And this show is nearly as good. Every once in a while the hoi polloi-pandering press gets it right with their hype. It takes a cold, long, honest look into depression and substance abuse. The imagery is fairly striking at times, other times it just looks like a glow stick rave. The sex is awkward and, for the most part, unsexy. I had to knock a couple of stars off for the phallic photograph obsession that rears its ugly head in nearly every episode. It seems pointless to the propulsion of the plot. The forced indoctrination angle gets this show one more subtracted star. Let individuals make up their own minds and be heard, instead of branding them for the silent herd. This show is a masterpiece hopefully season 2 comes around the corner hahaha great sound effects, great casting and great story.
👏 Whenever I watch a new show and am not sure what to expect, it's usually within those first 10 minutes of a show that can decide if the shows right for me or not. When I came across Euphoria, I really wasn't sure what to expect, I had a read a synopsis and it sounded intriguing so I gave it go. Wouldn't you know it within the first 10 minutes I was hooked.<br/><br/>The shows can sometimes feel too real, whether you're a teenager or an adult. It revolves around a few characters such as Zendaya ( Spider-Man: Homecoming) who has had trouble with drugs, and a near death experience with her family and her quest to get clean, which feels like an up and down battle, as she lies to everyone around her about her experience and taking drugs. When a new girl comes to town named Jules, she realizes she's in love with her as she has hew own secret that she is a trans woman.<br/><br/>Other characters include Nate, who is the football star who is trying to define his sexuality, Kat who has had sex and now starts doing cam shows for money and much more.<br/><br/>Every episode is edited perfectly, I rarely say that but every episode with its dark matter and subject, always seems to have either a bright light with dark background, or happy music through a troubled time. There are moments where an episode can feel frantic or crazy, and every editing can make the viewer feel how they are feeling in that moment.<br/><br/>Without giving to much away the show deals with many aspects of addiction, being true to yourself, coming to terms with your identity, coming of age. Many themes revolve and all the actors do a fantastic job of bringing these characters to life and making the show feel as real as it does.<br/><br/>While I was never sure what to expect, Euphoria takes shows such as Degrassi and 13 Reasons Why and then takes a lot of the subject matter that we've seen in that show to feel more dark yet also more hit home type of show. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but after 5 Episodes, I am still thinking about it, still anticipating newer episodes, and where they can go. It's a show that sticks with you after every episode and isn't afraid to go into the territory other shows have gone.<br/><br/>Euphoria, is a show that should be watched not just for the content and story but just overall how much the whole team on this show gives in every aspect. A worthwhile watch. And many of you might need this. This is my first time ever posting a review and this is a must see. This show straight from the word Euphoria literally brings lots of really important matters faced by teenagers today into light. This show is not for the faint hearted as it deals with drugs, violence, romance, sex and much more, therefore showing an all round representation of what teenagers are faced with nowadays. The main character RUE deals with her own demons from having a drug habit where she overdosed and her sister found her on the floor practically dead. RUE faking being clean to her Mom and then after meeting this girl called Jules who has her own demons and interests that is set on this man who is just a character cat fishing her into a false sense of security. RUE falls for her hard where the Euphoria grows and you watch their relationship go as RUE stays clean and keep going to rehab as Jules is literally her rock and the main reason why she is trying to stay clean. I am so happy and practically Euphoric right now that this amazing show has got renewed for a second season ten out of ten amazing acting especially from Hunter And Zendaya. Lets keep this new amazing HBO show going for lots more seasons too go and the soundtracks will leave you feeling so euphoric. #Rules #Euphoria #EuphoriaHBO #Zendaya A very convincing story (of course - Israeli origins!), coupled with totally zany but properly over-exaggerated high school characters (eg Maddy) and add the acting talent and director's storytelling?<br/><br/>PERFECTION.<br/><br/>This is my fave show in years - and cannot wait til Sunday night. Okay so I personally don't agree with some content here but wow oh wow is this show fantastic I watch on HBO now purposely to skip threw certain scenes but I'll tell you that zendaya and a couple of other shine bright here and I wouldn't change a thing the plots fantastic the story not anything to change here But this show is the prime example of how you can take a 'high school' plot and turn it into not only emotionally deep show but also visually stunning.<br/><br/>'I'm not sure what audience this is made for' i read some reviews before. Anyone who at a certain given time dealt with having addiction in their life. Directly or indirectly. Drugs or sex or attention or anything.<br/><br/>Personally I'm addicted to the soundtrack and camera movement - not to mention that most of the cast is portraying this numb generation of ours in a heavy, but sometimes hilarious way.<br/><br/>Congratulations to the director, you know the devil in your details! I just don't know if this is a good idea for the generation this will target. One of them being me. I loved it. Probably a little too much. The curiosity of drugs is real for teenagers and although you're showing the negative consequences of getting involved in illegal substances, you're also feeding curiosity more and more. I know what you're thinking. It's a "me" problem. But there are thousands of "me"'s that will be watching this and excite them about their curiosity for drugs. Like I said good show. I just hope the other "me"'s that have always been curious of that euphoria resisted like I did. I understand that there's a lot of truth to the things these characters are dealing with and it's truly heartbreaking. I wouldn't say it was bad because it's what these kids go through today. All the negative reviews are probably from grumpy old folk in denial about the younger generation. I'll definitely watch to see the character growth and give another review at the end of the season. Everything was good except the direction. This show is authentic, real and that surreal way they show this art was great. But still I don't know why I can't be able to indulge myself into the character.<br/><br/>It was not because of this situations I never experienced. There are other movies are shows that really made me to think about them, to think why they are behaving in that certain way. Maybe they didn't put enough time in a situation to think about that, or their method of putting that was wrong.<br/><br/>In a art like movie, artist can show you his mind; and I think in this case the directors mind was also not clear about that.<br/><br/>NAME was quite obvious and relatable, these teenagers want to experience these euphoric conditions, and want to stay in that. These conditions are not because of drug addiction, but could be because of the love you experience by sex... That vulgarity and aggressive behaviors of Nate also caused the flow of this condition in environment we have seen.<br/><br/>When Rue said, I am in search of that feeling and want to live in that forever, I think it's the whole philosophy of that show.<br/><br/>Topic was really good, but honestly I didn't enjoyed it at all; while understanding the whole situation in everyone's perspective. After each episode, I tried to summarize all aspects shown from everyone's mind.
You have to present an emotional show in an emotional way, it wasn't not like that. Honestly one of the most visually pleasing shows I've seen in a while from a technical and a storytelling perspective. Every shot is with purpose and precision, and the creativity in the sets and the shot movements are insane. Absolutely love this. Only flaw was the ending to the finale. But I don't think it was so bad that it ruined the show for me. At least it left me some sort of closure. Let's hope they can put out a season 2 that is still decent. Low key binge watched this in 2 days. So definitely recommend! This show is so raw and honest and full of emotions! I live that it is so in your face about teens experimenting with love, sex and drugs bc they do. I totally relate ro different characters in this even though times are different now than when I was a teen but in so many ways the same. THESE YOUNG ACTORS ARE PHENOMENAL! This series is creative, original and amazing! Euphoria has a good idea and kind of portrays society today. It would be better if the show wasn't over the top. Every five minutes there is a sex scene and full frontal male images. Lots of rape and things are over exaggerated and overdone. The characters can be relatable in a way however due to overdoing it so much, it's getting harder to relate however it might be a good show to watch if you're looking for something. I'll admit that I only watched it for Eric Dane and wouldn't have bothered if he wasn't in it and while I can't fault the acting by any of the cast, the only characters I can muster sympathy for are the ones with the nasty drunk for a mother and the drug dealers. The rest are a bunch of sniveling cry babies who in real life would benefit enormously from some harsh discipline. If this is the avg state of High-schoolers...? We All are in Trouble. Imagine if these kids Studied? Learning is a gift. If you can't get that, then leave, try Syria, or Kenya... Another psychotic example of a young generation thinking Texting is Communication- If your range of contact and engagement is tapping quirky txts into a piece of glass... uhm, You Will Feel Empty-!? Show is Hard To like Because the Characters and situations are so bleak, Barron, and backwards... if these kids had structure from Teachers- Parents- somebody...? And were made Accountable for their action's and faced a consequence for their decisions or bad judgement- there wouldn't be time to screw-up... No redeeming value to take from this... shock & awful.... Glorifies and romanticizes addiction. No bueno<br/><br/>Can easily be a trigger for anyone in recovery.<br/><br/>I can see how people would find it entertaining if they were fortunate not be exposed to this type of life. I gave it a 7, should really be 7.5, Zendaya's performance wanted me to give it an 8 but for the points I'm going to mention.<br/><br/>Zendaya is the obvious star, she plays the role of Rue fantastically taking the viewers on a brilliant ride through her emotions and issues. If the series focused mainly on her and not some of the stuff I'll mention, this is easily an 8+/10.<br/><br/>I also thought Jules was a good character for most of the episodes, again her journey is shown well and she is a likeable character.<br/><br/>Personally, I really liked Fez. He felt like a protective brother to Rue and would have preferred to see more development here. This could still happen with season 2.<br/><br/>So on to what's wrong with the series. I found it quite hard to watch despite binging the last 3 episodes just to get it over with. This I felt was mainly due to the side characters just not being relatable/likeable enough and adding anything to the main story. This is in comparison to say 13 reasons why.<br/><br/>I felt being a HBO show it focused too much on depicting drugs/sex graphically that I often wondered what the purpose of this was? Is the show glorifying the use of drugs and sex amongst teenagers? For this reason, I can't score it more than 7.5/10. There needs to be depth in the characters and not just x is sleeping (sleeping feels like I'm diluting what they're actually doing) with y despite dating z.<br/><br/>To give an example, the character Kat. With what happens to her, is the show saying that this is okay? I know people will defend this by saying that this kind of stuff happens. My issue is, is HBO merely making this acceptable by glorifying it rather than showing the effects that it can have on people, topics like suicide from cyber bullying etc which again is why I felt 13 reasons why deals with these kind of issues in a better light. This feels far too artsy to ever depict real life but then again, maybe the whole artistic style is a metaphor for drugs/sex and the "euphoria" you get from them?! Unfortunately or fortunately, there's a lot of new facets to teenage life due in part to an increase in technology. "Euphoria" accurately illustrates these increasing changes. Whether it's being preyed on by an older man, or being shamed for one's sexuality "Euphoria" gives a shocking yet startling accurate depiction of the new standard of teenage life and all the dangers it offers. Has potential but I CANT STAND the girl that play Jules This show is not bad for what i've seen, in the 5 episodes I watched
Is a show about teens but for adults, obviously attrackting teens
But I think is to strong even for adults, the show is about teens doing drugs, having sex, having mental issues and not knowing hoe ti manage then and all that stuff
And even tho is just a show and no one should do the things those people are doing in the show
Some people do it for the "asthetic" even tho is bad for them because they wanna look similar
Some of the mental health issues in this series are treated poorly
Like "oh, the character is having a life crisis at such a young age, and doesn't want to express their feelings, let's give them drugs to relay on, instead of a person or something else"
And the people seeing this, that might be having the same issues are gonna get the idea that
"Drugs are bad for me but if I can end my suffering, leave and drown my problems it's ok, I don't mind being weak physically if I can distract myself from my mental problems, social life and every day living, because I hate being alive and being a teenager. I should do the same as them" It is more like a long slow motioned music video than a real drama. But I liked it. Waiting for the S2. I'm a 26 year old man and I have been in recovery from drugs and alcohol for 14 months and I am obsessed with this show.
I am currently on my 3rd spin since only watching it for the 1st time Sunday.<br/><br/>As someone in recovery and has to deal with mental illness I have complete adoration for the main star, Rue. I believe she portrays the attitudes and behaviours of the majority of drug addicts but you really want her to succeed and cast away her demons. I really relate with her (and creator Sam) as its like a mirror image of my previous life The lies, manipulation, stealing, the worrying family. These are just the norm in the daily life of an addict and main star Zenadaya delivers a powerhouse performance, among with the others who star in the show.<br/><br/>I was with this show from the pilot and became emotionally attached instantly. The show is touching and moving in the respect of what teenagers have to deal with today. Although it's not completely accurate to my life, I can see that the struggles are real especially with the conditioning we receive as younger children. It really gives me empathy for the youth today in the tools of destruction they have around them.<br/><br/>The show is really one of kind and I haven't ever watched anything which has packed this much of a punch for me to write my thoughts down on paper. And as I have a addict mentality, I have to research and read things a 1000 times over!<br/><br/>I am a really happy customer with what I have seen and although the next season has been confirmed, I don't like the thought of waiting until next summer to see our stars back on the screen.<br/><br/>I'm Looking forward to seeing where Sam Levinson takes Rue's journey (as he has confirmed he isn't dead) and from my experience the highs and lows of addiction are real and quite frankly sometimes entertaining!<br/><br/>Outstanding Show. I advise anyone to watch. You'll bloody love this!<br/><br/>Loved it! Rewatching it with the boyfriend now and recommended to everyone I know! It was all good but some parts of it were not very good Every Sunday night for the past few weeks I've stayed up to catch the new episode of Euphoria. This show brings to the table elements that bring forth a whirlwind of emotions in the most raw and unforgiving way. The visuals - amazing, 10/10, in fact, Euphoria is the most visually stunning show I've ever seen. The storyline tends to jump all over the place - however this is what keeps it exciting and stimulating, which even adds to the underlying theme of drug addiction. Speaking of which, as far as I know having studied substance abuse and addiction and having seen it portrayed in many ways, this show stays very close to reality in its portrayal. Not just the way an intoxicated person may be feeling, thinking, or seeing, as we experience through Rue, but also the way it affects family, friends, and the person themselves. The LGBTQ+ community also gets very large recognition on this show; it discusses certain aspects of what being apart of the community means and does it in a pretty respectful way, so that is a part of the show I appreciated. The many other topics the show brings up, such as domestic abuse, pedophilia, relationships & sex, drug rings and dealers, blackmail, family problems, pregnancy & abortion, relapse - as well as many others - were dealt with in pretty realistic ways. I don't want to say they were dealt with in ~good~ ways for all of them because sometimes things aren't always good and there aren't happy endings or good decisions being made, and that reality being portrayed is what makes the show so honest and realistic. 10/10 for this show. Can't wait to see what comes next. Blown away by Zendaya's performance. She portrays an intelligent child, probably misdiagnosed and put on drugs as a child. It's sad to see someone ruing their life with so much to offer. 21 Century teenagers have a lot of pressure to conform, with their lives controlled by social media. Truly terrifying. A must see I'll have to start by saying bravo to everyone involved in this incredible creation.<br/><br/>Sam Levinson is an amazing visionary/ writer.<br/><br/>The characters development was incredibly fun to follow. Loved how each episode was kind of dedicated for each character.<br/><br/>Lifting my hat to the DOP on their fantastic work. The visuals for this show are on point. Love how dynamic the editing was made to keep us drawn in as well with the soundtrack that was on point.<br/><br/>Things that weren't working for my personal take:<br/><br/><ul><li>Not enough asian or latinx representation</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>The show does talk about drugs and Rue's addiction, but I felt like, being someone who's actually dealt with friends/ relationships with addictions, the show really glamorizes the usage of drugs. Because it's bad for rue, but fun for the other girls at the carnival or the sex scene with Jules and her other friends. The show really doesn't portray how ACTUALLY hard it is to deal with addiction or people who suffer from it. It's incredibly hard, for the addicted person and the ones trying to help them and I feel like the show only kind of dove into it, but could of been more graphic, or explore that depression better. Although I loved how the episodes were for each character's background, I feel like we still haven't seen enough of rue's background and struggles with addiction.</li></ul><br/><br/>One of my favorite new shows. Cannot wait to see what they come up with for season 2. Can't wait to watch the finale.<br/><br/>Definitely the type of project I would of loved or been honored to be a part of. Incredible show.<br/><br/>Casting was amazing. The actors did such a wonderful job. Directing was grandiose. I'm not native to American high school culture, nor familiar with drug and sex addiction... But the show is truly astonishing, with character build-ups comparable to GOTs. If u only watch the first two episodes, u may get bored of the cliches of drugs and sex. But these are just sort of background set ups for a grand packs of realistic lifelines that are coming. Keep watching and thinking, and this show will intrigue u in a unique way. Was curious at first but without expectations. Eps 1 made me feel weird but intrigued. Every character is interesting, story is amazing, and the cinematography is fantastic (not a surprise since it's an A24 production), worth the watch for sure I love it Songs are AMAZING!! Probably you should watch this show This crazy pretty spot on show is how it is nowadays unfortunately. First hand look at issues some are naive too. It def is helping fill the Game of Thrones void right now.. really curious to see what happens to these misfits... I generally never write reviews but I had to for this one because I've had an experience with this show so far. There are only few shows that make me feel everything a character is going through and euphoria is one such show. I literally couldn't stop thinking about it through the entire week after a Sundays episode. I won't say everyone should watch it because I don't think it's a show for everyone but if you are even slightly curious give it a go! It can surprise you This whirlwind of excellent cinematography and score is only just the start of how good it gets. Euphoria explores identity, gender, sexuality, drug use, addiction and sex on the level that 2019 desperately needs. This is also Hunter Schafer's debut and she has exceeded any and all expectations. The plot is so well written as well as phenomenal acting which cinches it together perfectly. I implore you to watch to see for yourself. The character's in HBO's "Euphoria" are already so lost when we meet them, you can't even think, "Well, if they'd just made this other choice or that one. Or, if their parents were around more or were different or...." All hope is lost, so we're left with watching the end game of some very troubling behavior. No one is going to grow out of this.<br/><br/>It's presented in such a dazzling way--through cinematography, sound, and some very major turns by actors--you become almost as hypnotized as the critically damaged, dazed and confused characters, dreading what will come next.<br/><br/>I'm not a squeamish person when violence or sex or drug use is portrayed on screen. But "Euphoria" pushes way beyond anything I've seen either produced for television or even motion pictures. And it's not just the explicitness that's troubling. It's where it leads. Which is no where. The nihilism is thicker than powders, smoke and alcohol consumed in vast quantities in just about every moment of the project.<br/><br/>It's less a reflection of reality (although it is that), than it's a warning. The only peace that anyone finds is in a very fragile relationship that develops between Rue and Jules, and at Episode 4, I'm not banking that even that is going to pull anyone out of the world they're in.<br/><br/>I'll return to this review after the series ends. But if you're wondering what all the fuss is about, it is a series that's not meant for everyone. The producers, HBO, production team and actors--and frankly even the viewers--are all taking a big risk here, and so far, it's spectacular once the shock wears off.<br/><br/>------------------------<br/><br/>Returning with one episode left. The series has held up. Everthing calms down after a stint at rehab, but other--much more traditional--teenage conflicts arise. With that, a lot of the scarier (read "druggie") perils recede into the background.<br/><br/>Throughout these episodes, I always keep thinking, "What's ahead for these kids? How do you come out of this...if you survive? While there's a cautionary fable at the center of all of this, what we as a society can do to protect our children from predatory world we've exposed them to, hangs heavily in the air. As a second season has been announced perhaps some solution will be offered. For me, I can't even guess what that might be. And that anxiety and sadness is as tick as smoke throughout the episodes.<br/><br/>On occasion, the film gets lost it all the (spectacular) kaleidoscopic imagery, and we're not exactly sure what's going on or what point there is watching it. Two episodes however use the visual style to a superb end: "Shook One, Part II" where a major plot complication is introduced; and the finale "Salt the Earth Behind You" is the best use of nonlinear style I can remember. But the young actors rain compelling, and I would predict this show will garner more nominations for HBO, particularly Mr. Levinson who handles all of this with confidence and that of a master. Just Wow.
I mean I kind of knew that this was how things were, but seeing it really drives it home. Makes me glad I'm not a kid right now, and kind of glad I don't have one either.
This show is raw and shocking, I agree that the shock is there partly for the pure value of it, but this is one hell of a compelling show. If you have kids, you should watch this; you're going to want to see. Obviously it's not like this for every kid these days, but the boundary line has got to be only paper thin.
Aside from that, the characters are real and the stories are visceral. It's disturbing and beautiful all at the same time. I really can't wait to see more. I feel like I'm in high school or college again. This show brings to surface everything I felt, breathed, and lived. I feel alive and transformed when I watch this show it just takes me back to a time a place with every scene. I love this show. I would say it's not for everyone but if you lived a certain wild young crazy life you will love this show. I just graduated high school last year and everything about this show feels real. Sure some things are dramatized for entertainment but the situations are what's really happening in suburban areas and in high school. I am able to relate to the characters and I'm pretty sure anyone who watches it could find someone they can feel for because they are relatable and feel like real people. I'm only three episodes in and I care about the characters and their stories. The music used in the show is used perfectly and sets the tone in every scene. The visual effects they use while the characters are on drugs make you feel like you can also feel the same effects. It's very entertaining and easy to get invested in. The show gets a lot of hate because of the consistent use of drugs and the graphic sex and nudity, but this is how it really is. It's not glorifying it, it's just showing people how it really is. Okay so after seeing a preview of the show on vacation I ordered hbo now with anticipation and I must say I was pretty happy with the outcome of the show it's hard to watch alot of language drugs violence against women sexual content however it's great zendaya is flawless and beautiful as ever loads of beautiful women on this show i did skip threw a couple of scenes you gotta have hard backbone to enjoy this show An excellent, refreshing, tense, unique, stylized, hard-hitting look at the areas of adolescence nobody wants to talk about. I've been dying for something like this for years. Even better that the extremely talented Zendaya is at the heart of it, finally able to show off the serious acting chops we all knew she had.<br/><br/>The show feels like one long drug trip for obvious reasons, but knows when to sharpen up and when to let things lazily wash over the audience. It's just soapy enough to keep you on the hook plot-wise, but certainly manages to make its serious points hit home along the way. The juggling act while creating this show must be absolute murder on all involved. If it tips even a touch too far in any one direction, it'll fall apart FAST like a Riverdale that takes itself way too seriously. Let's hope that day never comes.<br/><br/>One reviewer on here said it would be 'more realistic' if the show centered on college kids and not high-schoolers, and I laughed. Their privileged experience of high school must have been super fun, but that doesn't mean the dark underbelly doesn't exist for many, many people. I love Mean Girls as much as anyone, but those of us who even brushed up against the darkness in this show are finally getting to see some actual reality reflected back at us. It feels something like relief. This is definitely modern hard core film noir, not for the faint of heart. It has drug abuse, abortion, physical abuse, date rape, revenge, rampant promiscuity, cruelty, deception, revenge porn, extreme corruption, attempted murder, etc. Oh yeah, and it's all about teenagers in high school. The good: creative directing and cinematography. super realistic, non-apologetic takes on drug abuse, rehabilitation, mental health. very realistic portrayal of the struggles of transgender kids. great acting. suspenseful. The bad: some of the messaging is twisted to say the least. Here is a sample: -teenagers are extremely promiscuous and use sex as a weapon of cruelty, manipulation, and money -immodesty is to be celebrated -murder through abortion is a convenient way to escape the consequences of said extreme promiscuity -christians, christianity, and conservative nuclear families are the enemy. The most evil antagonists in the movie are called out as a conservative, American family. It just illustrates the war the film industry loves to wage against Christianity, traditional families, and the American Dream. I'm surprised the dad wasn't wearing a MAGA hat. -post me-too era, the film industry has decided to go to extreme male nudity with almost zero female nudity. 99% of the nudity is male with multiple full frontal. Female nudity is almost non-existent. -the suburbs is where evil and hypocrisy lurks, the city is where you find freedom and joy, a very political statement. Has a very "The Graduate" vibe. -oh and I almost forgot, drug dealers, at least those selling to teenagers, are kind, thoughtful, and caring. Rue's drug dealer plays a protagonist, hero figure. Crazy and sometimes highly political messaging. But if you like film noir, I think you'll like this. First and foremost, Euphoria has one of the stongest introductions I have ever seen,The first 2 episodes were brilliant, nonetheless.Starting with the third episode, things began to slowly fall apart.Zendaya is really a talented actor, with a lot to offer,but candidly her talent isn't displayed that much.I feel like the most of the plot is quite rash and hurried.<br/><br/>As I see it,the initial innovative ideas were replaced wtih pointless and unwanted drama.Let's not forget about the sex scenes which you will encounter quite often and fell sort of uncomfortable most of the times.<br/><br/>Overall,Euphoria really had a lot potential and I really thought that this was going to be an incredible binge series just from the first 2 episodes, but oh boy was I wrong,<br/><br/>My final score is 5/10, simply because this show slowly becomes a show that focuses sex and drama, rather than the harsh life of a teenager who struggles with drug addiction.I REALLY expected more.. I don't really get the point of the show, but at least it's not so hard to watch. The acting is good, cinematography is beautiful, but most if not all of the characters are unlikable and you're not really rooting for anyone. Easy binge but I doubt I would watch another season. Watched this about 3 times since it aired. Intense, relatable, and compelling. Not for the weak of heart or sensibilities but beautifully done. I won't go into much details its really the type of thing you need to see for yourself Actress Zendaya is so great that she feels indulged in the life she wants to make you feel So very good. Zendaya is a very special young woman that is so enjoyable to watch. Hunter Schafer is ridiculously gorgeous. Euphoria is one of todays most important stories to get out there. The work in this is nothing short of a prayer answered. It really explores the issues of our world today. It does not apologize for the truth of it and I just want more, More, MORE! Euphoria is a beatifully shot series with great acting and a solid cast. For me, the problem was that the plot was not clear enough. The series is called "Euphoria", yet there's more high school drama amongst the other characters rather than Rue actually facing the difficulties around drugs. I wanted more insight on a drug users mind. sure there was some, but not enough. Apart from an unclear plot, this is a solid series worth watching, but not worth the hype at all. I did not expect this to be so good, the stories were so raw, the actors did an amazing job. Can't wait for season two This show is absolutely phenomenal. As a person who became and addict in middle school, throughout all of high school and has now found recovery, this show is realistic and spot on. Euphoria explains life through many different perspectives, using each character to do so. Each character is perfected, the cinematography is perfect, and each moment is perfect. I haven't found a show like this other than the first 7 seasons of Shameless. I can't wait for the new season. This stylishly-filmed angst-fest follows a variety of morose high-schoolers as they deal with addiction, self-esteem issues, and the local neighborhood psychopath. The first season is reminiscent of the UK series Skin's first, best, season.<br/><br/>Hormones make teenagers feel like everything in their life is huge and dramatic and intolerable; this series is about people who really are coping with all sorts of soul-crushing things.<br/><br/>It's also a very glamorized version of teen angst. Everyone is beautiful, the cinematography is sometimes stunning, the girls apparently spend twelve hours a day watching youtube make-up tutorials, and everyone is having lots of sex (trivia: something like 20% of teens are having 90% of teen sex; none of the other 80% are in this series). Zendaya is terrific as the head angster, as is Barbie Ferreira as the token not-skinny girl, who has perhaps the most interesting and unlikely story arc.<br/><br/>It's a really fun series, and for all it's over-the-top ridiculousness, it also captures a lot of the sadness, confusion, and isolation of being a teenager. I'd recommend checking it out. Hyperactive, intoxicated, lost, it is difficult to define a state before adulthood in one word. When you let your own nature do what you want to do, you suddenly find that everyone around you is looking at you in a strange or even ridiculous way, you are at a loss because you do n't even know what I am doing, even myself orientation. I believe this is not just my confusion. sex, drugs, violence, love. Maybe my life is not like Rue and the others in the play, but all the emotions in this world are always deeply felt. At the beginning of each episode of the series, a character is introduced in a relatively easy way. Even if they are very different, they always have the same concerns and intoxication. The best part of the episode is that the editing and photography are really perfect and appropriate. The difference from the next book "Self Study Room" is undoubtedly too advanced and really a surprise. Euphoria is frequently melodramatic and unrealistic as it sacrifices authentic characters for banal archetypes, but those moments are sometimes forgiven by the show's thematic accuracy and visual style. If you want a relatable teen drama, choose Degrassi. The show puts MOST of the problems that HS kids face nowadays on one screen, one high school, which is the purpose of the show, to let you feel the dense and raw emotions. BUT many people didn't realize it and be like it's not realistic and too dramatic. What they don't see is that the struggles and pains in the show are just blended in the "normal" high school life in so many different ways. These problems are often hidden and you can never tell from the surface unless it happens to you or someone you care about. Euphoria shouldn't be taken as a simple portray of high school students nowadays. It's more about "how" and "why", instead of a simple "what".<br/><br/>Zendaya's acting caught me by surprise. It's phenomenal. And I love the acting of all the casts.<br/><br/>Side Note: for those of you who didn't make it through the first ep, give it a shot, it won't disappoint you. Sex drugs and more in high school. First a warning. Although this is a show about high school teenagers it's too much for teens to watch. Much more so than "13 reasons Why". There are parts when the scenes are much more explicit than necessary for the story. There isn't a boundary this show doesn't try to push for TV. Having said all that there are some fascinating and bizarre characters that keep things morbidly watchable for 8 episodes. A biracial lesbian drug addict, a transgender girl who is her bestie, a jock with demons, his closeted statutory rapist dad, the list goes on. It's hard to keep track of the different characters and plot twists some tunes. Even if you don't agree with the suitability of the content here the acting is better than it has to be. Zendaya is convincing as an addict very natural acting. Jacob Elordi does the mean jock well.<br/><br/>Hate to say it but do want to see what happens in season 2. I've never written a review on something , but to all of the people who are saying that it's "stereotypical" & all of the other bad reviews. THIS IS ONE OF THE DIRECTORS LIFE STORY. He gave a speech before the show that I suggest everyone should watch then try to give the show another chance. The character Rue is Sam Levinson. He is giving us the story of being in & out of hospitals during his teen years. THIS IS REAL LIFE. It may not have been you or anyone that you know, but there are teens out there who, sadly, can relate to this show. Make sure you research things before you jump to review them, it helps a lot. Everyone likes when they can easily follow the plot and makes sense from it after 10 minutes. Unfortunately this movie is not one of these, because it is quite realistic. For this simple reason lots of people would rather give it a lower rating and described it as a "typical high-school show" than admit that most of these modern problems are pretty relevant in 2019 and that's what makes this show be so great! What a delightful surprise! I hope older people won't write this off. I would have, but I accidently ran into it. I've seen too many crappy teen sci-fi melodramas: This is different. While it's far from perfectly executed, it is extremely artistic. Beautiful and alive.
Of course, being a teen hasn't changed that much since the 80s. Maybe since ever. Better tech. (Okay...like any tech.) "Sex and drugs and rock-n-roll." -Sorry if you missed it.
Angst, anger, and fear. A lot of fear. The emotions are raw and real. The writing is not always tight but never dull or condescending.
Not for the squeamish or prudes. The dick montage was really funny, plus it was necessary to show just what that character was dealing with. Growing up can be really sad times: worse than growing old.
This is a quality show. I hope it doesn't get regulated to the teen bin. They wanted to show the problems that a teenager face nowadays but... The story and the plot was terrible, sometimes unrealistic and unrelateble and the acting wasn't as good as I was expecting. I think that I didn't really got anything from it, it was just a waste of my time. Like my headline suggests, my rating is as high as it is (6.5, actually) because of Zendaya's outstanding performance in every single episode alongside her co-stars and the visual aesthetics. From costumes to make-up to the different and unique ways of lighting each shot, "EUPHORIA" is addictive. So, let's start with the good things first.<br/><br/>I believe that many people began this show because they were either a fan of A24 or they are a fan of Zendaya's. They both have pretty large fan bases that would no doubt, attract a lot of modern viewers. And the show's theory was right! Everyone I know is watching "EUPHORIA". I have yet to meet someone who doesn't absolutely love it. For me, what sells this show the most is Zendaya's growth as an actress. In every episode (especially the last), you can truly feel herself pushing her character to her absolute limits in regards to her drug addiction and love. It's really heartbreaking to feel, yet refreshing to see talent like this on screen. In each episode, Rue blows me away. Her performance is complimented and enhanced by the cinematography. The people working on this show really know their stuff in regards to creative endeavor. By having scenes take place in the midst of parties and carnivals, there's a lot of things to work with in regards to lighting. In regards to drug addiction, that storyline opens the doors to creative framing and blocking. Extreme close ups? Not a problem. Dutch angles (which are usually just terrible and reserved for Quentin Tarantino ONLY)? Sounds good. Every risk that a camera could possibly take was taken by the cinematographers on "EUPHORIA". Outstanding work.<br/><br/>From the great performances to the pleasure that comes to the eye, how could anyone see a flaw in this show? Well, I will tell you. And, of course, this is my opinion and my opinion alone (but you are welcome to agree!), but the storylines is lacking. Let's not allow for the pretty color grading and attractive leads to steer us away from what truly matters in a show: the plot line. If a story lacks a good plot, then why are we giving it high ratings?<br/><br/>Now, don't get me wrong. The storyline between Rue and Jules is fantastic. Even the relationship between Rue and her family members. It's all there - the arc and everything. However, I thought "EUPHORIA" was going to be all about Rue. I was wrong. Instead, it's all over the place, with different storylines from Cassie and McKay, to Cat (Kat ?) and her Kitty Queen status. Even Nate and Maddie are in a messed up situation. And sure, things like this (teen pregnancy, self-doubt and abusive relationships) are no doubt extremely present in today's society, those characters and their storylines somehow feel completely blown over. In one episode, it is revealed the Cassie is pregnant. McKay acts underwhelmingly in a scene that calls for tension. It just wasn't there. In the next episode, Cassie gets an abortion. There is no true focus on it, and is not well done. I'm not saying I got offended that the storyline wasn't handled seriously, I'm just saying it should have had more of a focus in quality acting. If the scene were written out better, the writers on "EUPHORIA" could have effectively told their story in the same amount of time that appeared onscreen.<br/><br/>Nate and Maddie are a mess, so I'm not sure if I even want to get into it. It seems as though it is right out of "Riverdale", which is a show that never fails to disappoint. Not to mention that their central issue of the season occurred over just a couple of episodes before it immediately resolved and was barely addressed again (if you're not counting Nate's father, who has some serious reoccurring yet not-so-reoccurring issues of his own).<br/><br/>Cat (Kat ?) has a storyline that's a bit easier to break down, but the resolution to her arc in season 1 is something that in no way left me satisfied. She grew jealous of a girl that Ethan was talking to at the carnival (although was too quick to assume), which is understandable due to self confidence - I'm sure we all can relate. And yet, in the ending episode, it was wrapped up so loosely that it felt... rushed. It was as if the writers just really wanted to finish her storyline up in order to move on to Rue's story. In a way, I get it. The only reason as to why I was watching Cat and Ethan make up was because I wanted to see what was going on with Rue.<br/><br/>And then there are several other characters such as Cassie's sister, Fez and Ashtray. I deeply hope that they come more into play in season 2, because from what I can tell, their character development has barely scraped the surface and therefore, the writers of "EUPHORIA" have a lot of material to work with.<br/><br/>In conclusion, in no way do I think that this is a bad show. The soundtrack fits in perfectly with every scene, and you can tell how much thought was put into the sound design. The visuals are self-explanatory. If only the storyline were stronger... then it would truly be able to compliment the acting talents of Zendaya and the rest of this show's cast. Hold me closer when I fly from here
I'll "only be here for a while"
Sew
Maybe
You can kiss her on the shoulder while you're dieing What is absolutely amazing about this show, the fact that you live for a few minutes with each character. Not only once, I thought that one of them was an unpleasant person, for me to find out later, about how they lived, making me empathize with them a lot more. The scenery and fluent back to back music, made this a one of a kind experience and that's why it's so terrifying sometimes plus those accentuated dark tones. You can feel them throughout the entire show.<br/><br/>On the under hand, this can be a documentary about those who are searching for a soul. I believe it is extremely hard trying to shut down your brains, even more when government don't spend enough money to explore the actual struggles of a teenager, but that needs hard work and compassion. Almost impossible to happen when we are glued to our phones, isn't it?<br/><br/>In conclusion, if you want to mix a good night in and a cup of hard truths about our beautiful society, give it try!<br/><br/>PS: To be watched after 12 am. This isn't easy to watch at times but there is an anticipation, and almost an obligation, 4 episodes in. The storytelling here is predictable...but almost on purpose because it lets you walk into the mess with the character. The mood is perfect...and the narrator gives a campiness that is spooky in its lack of seriousness. The acting is great...and they pull off some intense moments.<br/><br/>I dig this and really recommend it. It covers a lot of taboo ground...maybe more than any show I've seen. Maybe that's why I can't find a sole who's seen it. It deserves attention. But it's not for "the P word"'s. "Euphoria" is a frenzy in teenage drama portrayed explicitly and brutally. It has drug abuse, self harm and beatings. But it also has a connection to the audience. Even though it's hardcore take on teen life, we can all relate to it, even though the way it's portrayed here might be a bit over the top. Add to that a grounded, emotional performance by Zendaya. This is one of the most incredible shows I've seen in a while. Sure, it's a little graphic. But it's raw and visceral in the greatest sense of the words possible, and certainly something I've never seen before. If you don't like it- if you can't relate to it- don't watch it. Simple. I know I at least have another thing to look forward to on Sunday. Incredible visuals and striking cinematography, perfectly-paced writing, great acting, very interesting characters. Some people may say it's overboard or too dramatic of a depiction of high school life. I think it encompasses the inner struggle of a lot of young adults trying to fit in or deal with the pressures of modern society. Not to mention the show's cinematography is absolutely incredible, it's gorgeous. It's a must watch and will only grow in popularity over time This show is absolute trash and full of unnecessary gratuitous male nudity. Funny how when even just a glimpse of a bare breast is shown the fem-nazis turn inside out whining about unfairness. Listen up idiots breast do not equal full frontal male nudity. If you want equality like you seem to always be complaining about then it's time for 30 or so naked vulvas in the next season. Yep, that's right massive amounts of labia in bright clear light and not hiding behind a merkin. You want things to be equal then bring on the labia. I doubt that the pussified hollywood will do that though
Don't waste your time on this garbage filled crap. If my kids acted even close to this I'd kick their stupid  to the curb. To be honest I first had mixed feelings when this show came out, I felt that it was going to be glorifying drugs and everything bad in a high school life such as 13 reasons why, but when I watched the first episode my opinion changed. It didn't glorify anything at all, yes it does contain very mature scenes but they're their for a reason, it shows how high school drama can influence a lot of people more than people would think, how addiction can change a persons life forever, etc. I enjoyed the very good acting that is shown in this show and I enjoy the way they're showing every important detail and how the plot unfolds slowly as well. In my opinion, I like it a lot and recommend only for mature audiences but it is a very good show. Watch the first episode and you will see the only highlight of the entire season. (Sydney Sweeney pics). After that it is a compete waste of time. Truly a wake up call for parents of this generation. Not to mention a fantastic show with a plot that continues to amaze. Coming from someone who has friends and family that struggle(d) with addiction, this show paints a near perfect portrait of what it's like to be in the front row seat of someone who is fighting to stay sober. Love it . Love all the storylines and the characters. Very interesting!! In episode 5 there is real substance. the show is entertaining. But I think the substance to the masses communicates that there is an external or elevated class that simply dictates what is acceptable and what is not. When what is the truth is not always rational in reality. I have just written the same review twice because. Incompetent police or other military have informationally and physically assaulted my internet since I was very young. They put me to criminalized trials that have been against the law so long that it's a civilization era notion. It's obvious. This was an antisocial episode and it looked like it was about how generally no one really knows what everybody knows. You only know it if you are there. If there are two other reviews I tried to publish here. I have been getting attacked in my own country I find this episode hard to relate to. My identity as a Citizen hasn't been recognized since 2008. I was born in Oklahoma. Really what I care about is the solipsism of perception I'm this episode and both of those reviews being published. Not received and edited... By some Nazis... I don't know why people complain about, this is just outstanding tv show.
The cinematography, Directing, Lighting, Editing 10/10 amazing job in this area.
Sam Levinson rock When the first episode aired I watched mainly, because I had nothing better to do. I must say that I really like the show, do not know any of the cast members which is refreshing, the stories seem closer to teenagers realities nowadays, perhaps a little too real unfortunately.<br/><br/>For now, I'm looking forward for the next episodes. Clarification, I rate 7/10 as average, which is actually one of the problems with this style of rating system. My average rating will be different from your average rating.<br/><br/>Anyway, I gave the show an 8/10 (for now) and am really unsure whether that is an accurate rating for me. That puts it as a solid show, but it really isn't. There are two parts to this review, so I'm gonna start with the positive. While I don't think Zendaya is the perfect actress to play an addict, I do think she does a great job. Her personal storyline (struggling with addiction, the aftermath of a publicly known overdose, and the relationship blossoming with the new girl) is extremely well written and carries large emotional nuance and is coupled with incredible acting. This storyline is one of the best I've ever seen on TV. Another positive for the show is the camera work and use of colors.<br/><br/>Now the negatives... Basically every other storyline. They range from decent to mediocre. None are near as well written as Rue's story. They struggle to gain a hold during their time on screen and make me cringe every time one of them comes on. i think there are some good body positive messages somewhere in there, I also think there are other positive messages. They are lost because the show presents the extremes.<br/><br/>overall, I think it is worth watching, I also think that there are some definite problems with it. Rue's story carries the show (personally give it a 10/10 rating, though it has a couple of issues. It is still early, so I'm assuming those will be sorted out). The other half of the show struggles though, meaning 8/10 is my rating.<br/><br/>So, earlier I said that it wasn't a solid show. The reason is that I consider solid shows to be consistent. While I feel this show earned an 8/10, I advise you form your own opinion. It struggled in enough parts that I wouldn't be surprised to see someone absolutely hate it. Everyone knows that the times have changed and that today's kids and high school students live much different. As the way that they have sex and the new drugs they do are different and social media has connected with much of that with the use of i phones, laptops, face time, snap chat, and post on you tube with twitter messages at the drop of a hat. Well that's what this new "HBO" series is about called "Euphoria" it tracks the life and times of a group of high school kids who face these many problems that I just mentioned. Star of the show Zendaya is Rue a young lady who returns from rehab as she's an addict and upon arriving back at home and school she makes a new friend named Jules(Hunter Schafer). And this series pushes the envelope even for premium cable of "HBO" as the drug and sex scenes are raw, gritty, and explicit. Overall one blunt outspoken provocative series to watch for some juicy entertainment. One of the best shows I have ever seen, everything is so real. Sad, yes. But it being real is the most important thing. It's what allows you to make those connections with the characters. I don't know how I feel about this show. On the one hand it is very triggering because of the content.<br/><br/>The content of the show does not seem appropriate/realistic for a teenager in the "real world."<br/><br/>I think Zendaya is a wonderful actress, but I don't love the whole "drug-addicted teen, who still obviously needs a lot of help" character.<br/><br/>The most magnetic character is Jules, and Hunter does such a wonderful job at representing her. I want the show to be about Jules because she is the most joyful, unique character on the show. I love the flashback of her youth, and how she still struggles with who she is at times. I want this show to have a more positive arc because the whole "let's glorify teens making terrible decisions theme" is not great within this whole social media era where teens are already trying to live up to these unreal people on the internet. This show gives a trans character/ actress a place to shine, and I think that's what we need more of. I think people just latched onto this because it's zendaya but honestly this has very little substance. Relies purely on shock value and I think it just has a cult following that promote it. I went in with an open mind and usually like things like this but I feel like it was just so reliant on shocking the viewer that there was nothing truly to it It's a show about teenagers, but it's not for teens. The issue that they're having is way beyond their years. The acting is great though. Beautiful. Disturbing. Funny. Realistic. Sad. HBO has upped there game since season 8 of Game Of Thrones. Only recently finished watching euphoria, but I cannot stop thinking about it- honestly one of the most gripping, emotive and visually incredible shows I have ever watched. I binged it entirely in less than 2 days, I was never bored or distracted, I always wanted to know more. Zendaya's portrayal of Rue was absolutely outstanding, and the cinematography is probably the best I have ever seen from a tv show. Definitely up there in my all time favourites, can't wait for season 2 :) A little too glossy in places but it was original and I loved it.
The characters are amazing and I've never seen anything like it on TV. Cinematography was perfect if not overdone.
And i think that caused plot to be a bit of a mess. Not really imersive story. But Rue's part was the thing that kept me watching. I made trough the 1st season but i dont think i will come back for 2nd. I was shaken by this show. Not for some of the pointedly shock-value tropes we're seeing explored in a lot of recent films and series, but by the creativity and depth that each of the characters was brought to life in. I'm not film expert so you can pound sand if i'm wrong, but the cinematography and score alone made this a valuable watch. I loved this from start to finish. I think this show is so beautiful, intricate, and incredibly well done. It dives into dark issues that young people today may experience. If someone hasn't experienced these things directly or knows someone who has been down these roads, it opens their eyes in a very artistic and deep way.<br/><br/>Outside of the social and psychological components of the show, the cinematography and design is unique and top of the line. The script, character development, and plot are extremely well done and leave you satisfied with the direction of the show. I can't wait for whatever comes next from the show! One of the most accurate portrayals of drug abuse and depression I've seen in a show recently. I enjoy the raw look into the life of Rue and other teens like her. This show doesn't hold your hand and pretend like everyone is innocent and can do no wrong which is refreshing and somewhat disturbing in a good way. Zendayas performance is captivating and relatable giving her best role in a story so far to me at least. I've always been attracted to the seedy underbelly of things. This show is so raw and voyeuristic that I found myself looking around to see if anyone was watching me watching this. Felt like a peeping Tom and loved every minute of it.... behold life, love, longing, heartache, joy, struggle and the unbearable lightness of being. I feel connected after watching this. We really are all in the same boat. Extra points for a killer score and the expert juxtaposition of music and scene. Really intense. Had goosebumps often. Loved it so much so that I wonder if I will have withdrawals tomorrow LOL<br/><br/>One point deduction for structure. I'm not sure what really happened and what the point of certain scenes were, but I don't really care. I'm dazzled anyways. This is the only teenage show I can relate to as a former addict and a young adult with mental illness. It is very real, sad and shows how many teens are living their life, facing a lot of different issues. I think about Euphoria in terms of a mix of the gem Skins UK and the less fortunate mean girls. The first 3 episodes are painful to watch, and not in a cinematic or interesting way; either in an annoying-i-want-to-stop-watching-this, way. Fortunately, I'm glad I gave it another shot. The following episodes and specially the last one are very painful in a emotional way. Deals with hard feelings, difficult families, mental health, addictions, sadness, self-esteem, losses, love and loneliness in a very fking honest way.<br/><br/>I think it's impossible not to identify with at least some situation, some feeling or problem they deal with, even though I'm a young adult, but this is not a matter of age. In teenage years, though, is the most heartbreaking time because you're not ready to deal with some stuff, you don't even KNOW how.<br/><br/>The saddest part of the first season ending is that Kat is the only character who gets a bit of light in her life, but the others get deep in darkness. There's no redemption, truth, answer or meaning behind everything, as they already know. They succumb to the difficult times. Hopefully, It always gets better, and I'm interested in watching these characters grow and bloom in adversity.<br/><br/>PS. The Arcade Fire song at the near end fking killed me, very sad episode indeed<br/><br/>I LOVED IT! Without hesitation, I can say it's a very human show, and a very honest one. It's important this kind of art exists. I'm glad it does. I started off intersting , funny , and nice character moments. And great drama. But the last couple of episodes in season 1 got super repeative with overshowing rue's background and her arguing for her mom for a full hour. I was unsatisfied and left scrathing my head. The show was very good, it reminded me of Life is Strange especially Rue and Jules their relationship reminded me of Chloe Price & Rachel Amber and I like the story of Euphoria and it's characters God this was amazing. I had come across a few very negative reviews and so put off watching it but took a chance eventually and WOW. This was borderline magnificent. Absolutely gorgeous to watch without the visuals and cinematography ever pulling you out of the story, only making it more powerful. Incredible cast. A lot of people will not want to admit how realistic this story is, but it is. Levinson is a fantastic writer and director.<br/><br/>There were a few inconsistencies I felt with Nate in that his struggle seemed like he was a split personality as opposed to him wrestling with himself, but maybe that was intentional.<br/><br/>PLEASE let there be a second season. Realest show I've watched in a long time. Can't wait for more. I slept on the show for months because I am just not interested in teen shows , they all seem to be the same. But I kept hearing good things about it and I watched it all in a couple days. There are two things that stand out to me. Which is the cinematography , it is beautiful to look at and I have honestly never seen anything like it. The show has so much style and atmosphere which will make the show unforgettable. The other thing is the acting which is exceptional from everyone. But the standouts are Zendaya who plays the troubled young addict who is just trying to make it day by day and who fell in love with the new in town Jules played by Hunter Schafer. But the other standout is Jacob Elordi who plays the horrifying Nate Jacobs. Nate Jacobs is one of the the best TV villains I have ever seen he is just a larger then life presence and honestly every time he is on screen his cold menacing gaze will have you glued to the screen. You will hate him but that is the point. Everyone is great though. The only faults I have are that sometimes it seems like there is no light in the end of the tunnel and to some that may not be a flaw. Also I do believe the sexual nature of the show could have been toned down , I understand that the actors are all older then the characters they are portraying but the amount of sexual imagery on screen for a group of "teenagers" is a little too much for me. I really enjoyed the season though and I am excited for season 2. I felt compelled to review. There have been few series I have wanted to complete in one sitting. This wasn't one of those. An insight into teenage life and the struggles with mental health and drug addiction. Amazing production, the acting was superb the soundtrack was great and the artistry and fashion was stunning. This is one of those series you can tell anyone about as it has everything. Truly outstanding and a credit to everyone involved. Superb. Can not wait for season 2 I read lots of negative reviews about euphoria and as someone of a difficult to please critic, thought I would have the same impression. Not the case! Euphoria dazzled, had me gritting my teeth, crying hot tears, mesmerized by colour and pounding my chest in solidarity with the characters. Very real and raw expression of the new teen reality. As a 30-something I was drawn to emotional parallels of my own teenage experience. The pain and anguish was palpable. The challenges real. Characters gorgeously portrayed with such unbelievable talent from young actors. Found myself at the edge of my seat, marvelling at the cinematography & swelling soundtrack. Binge worthy, sickening, heartbreaking and compassionate all at once. A true masterpiece of television. Personally, I have mixed opinions about the show. The truth is that opinions are based on how relatable the show is to you. Every opinion is automatically biased. That taken into account, there were stories that were extremely important and vital for people to watch. On the other hand, there were too many stories overall. Rue's character was one of those characters that needed to be watched because the depressive state and constant urge to relapse and take drugs is something that many can relate to and sympathise with. Jules too was also very important especially as it adds on to Rue's character and they're a good compliment together. However Nate's character was over the top. They created this background for him and gave many questionable thoughts to the audience but they were never answered and it was as if it was left half finished. Every season needs to have an ending no matter how sure the writers are that there will be another one. Each episode has too many characters with too many problems. If it had focused on a couple and hadn't involved so many problems, it would've been easier to keep track. There was an amalgam of all sorts of problems that teenagers in this society face but the problem was that there was too much happening. As informative as the show is meant to be, there is only so much a show can cover and they crammed in too many problems and stories all at once. The message was conveyed for those already aware of what's happening in the world. The show had very good aspects to it but at the same time, it was exhausting to watch. You know what's not okay? An amazingly written show that goes from amazing dialogue to mumblemumblemumble to loud blaring music back to mumblemumble all in 45 seconds. How much of this show did i miss because I was busy trying to play catch up with my volume button? Good lord, get it together. I was told about this show and thought not for me , how wrong Was I. It's fantastic and raw !!! Well acted , and it's very addictive ...watch it and judge for yourself...it's the way of the world as it is now . Euphoria, while difficult to believe for some generations of adult, is a very accurate representation of modern teenage life, filmed and directed from an artistic and raw POV.
This is NOT a teen drama, it's an adult series. Those insisting there is a target audience of influential teens clearly didn't pay attention to the ratings, warnings or platform. If you're letting your teens watch this willingly then you're to blame. However, that isn't saying your kids aren't already exposed to all this as it is. What's happening when you're not around isn't all innocent. Something this program highlights.<br/><br/>There is much nudity and graphic content but it's necessary to really tell the story, it's part of what makes you feel genuine emotion for these characters. This show wouldn't deliver the impact it does if it were highly censored.
The characters are vulnerable and we're right there reliving some of the worst or best moments of our own teenage years via these characters.
This show is put together in a way to make you FEEL these powerful moments.
I relived all the guilt, shame, embarrassment and fear I had during that stage of my life all over again. However it made me feel human and somewhat nostalgic.<br/><br/>The beauty of Euphoria is not the in your face dramatic visuals, but the way each individual story is given attention. Each storyline is a very real scenario happening somewhere in American high school. The drugs? Real. The sex? Real. The mental health disorders and gender identity discussion? Real. This show is telling the story that people don't want to admit has been happening for years.
Had they developed my graduating class's story into a screenplay, Euphoria would be it.
This series is raw and real but cinematically produced to be eye catching and addicting. This is the BEST show I've watched in years. Cast are brilliant, love the script and couldn't recommend highly enough. Don't miss out on this one ! Degrasssi meets Fantasia and gets a raunchy, high budget, HBO makeover; then adds phenomenal cutting-edge directing and amazing acting. I thought the adult actors were meh, but the pristine direction makes me think it's on purpose! Missing a star because the season finale concluded nothing and HBO takes WAY too long to release following seasons. Loved this show! The acting was very good for the most part and the cinematography was astonishing. Some of the shots were absolutely incredible and different from anything I've ever seen in a film before. While the series started off incredibly strong regarding content unfortunately it started to peter out after the carnival episode (which is one of the 10's in the series) and started to gently decline in quality after that. The ending was also extremely disjointed and strange...almost like two episodes were added to meet a quota as opposed to tying up the storyline. My initial rating was a 10 but as it got to the later shows I revised it down to an 8. I understand that it is been renewed for another year and I am looking forward to continuing the journey. Being a former opiate addicted myself, this show hits home and is very accurate with the drug stuff and withdrawal etc.. it's pretty graphic and bold but I like it. Good character development and GREAT acting!! If yer easily offended- stay away. If you liked that movie "K.I.D.S." you'll probably like this show. Euphoria (2019)<br/><br/>The show grabs you by the throat from the very beginning. The starting point is Zendaya, the main character who plays the role of Rue Bennet. Around Rue are depicted the lives of the other college characters, but is actually a show for a mature audience. This is definitely not a show for teenagers! And yes, this is different than "13 reasons why". It is classier, braver, has more psychology and is rawer at the same time.
It is difficult to watch at times because it delves into drug addiction, sexual abuse, child traumas, depression, pregnancy and abortion, violence, OCD and anxiety.<br/><br/>What shocked me is how real the characters are. It is very rare to see so many talented actors (and also very handsome from both sexes and in between sexes, because Hunter Shaffer is a trans model and activist) not overplaying/competing but complementing each other.
I do not like to use the word "modern" but this show is a definition of what happens now at this moment, and it extracts modernity not only in a provocative and brave way but also defines an era. I am sure they will speak about it in the next 10-20 years.
Another important feature of the series is the LGBT-part of the story. Jule's character meets the "Dominantdaddy001" from Grindr who is into domination of trans women and effeminate gay guys. That important part of our gay-culture that needs to be discussed and healed. The hidden gay-component in our society.The invisible gay-people who marry in a heterosexual wedding and then make the hell the life of others around them (mostly closed ones). The example is with Nate who's gay, and his dad is also gay. Nate acts heterosexual, just like he was programmed from his dad: to obey and to fulfil. He has a tumultuous relationship with his girlfriend. He is expressing his feelings in a destructive way that can only hurt the other part. Some kind of inversion where the more you are trying to hide who you are, the more it comes back to kick your own ass and destroy you.
You will see a lot of nudity, incredible filming and editing, and also the soundtrack is incredible. Well-done HBO.Cannot wait for season two. "Euphoria" takes a twisted reality and makes it euphoric...or as Euphoric as it can be. In truth, it is a show about the darkest aspects of life, especially while being a teenager.<br/><br/>It is hyper-realistic. A lot of it is the TV-version of things, but what keeps it from going into "absolutely ridiculous" territory is that it stays grounded. By no means is it Saturday Morning Cartoons PSA, but then again I'm pretty sure that's not what the show was aiming for. It's aiming for a deep-dive into the mentality of several teens and giving insight into who they are, and why they are that way. Euphoria is able to achieve this with really great writing and excellent actors. I especially appreciate the story of a teenage drug addict free of cliches, because that is rarely an arc that is treated properly. The gritty is gritty and the innocence is long gone.<br/><br/>A large criticism is the sex in the show - to which I say, I can't remember a time when sex has ever been accurately portrayed in any media. So singling out Euphoria alone isn't really fair. My personal criticism of the show is that at times it feels like every other TV-MA show out there: it plays on negative emotions; and when a good moment does happen, it is painfully obvious that it won't happen because something terrible will undercut it.<br/><br/>Other than that, "Euphoria" is pretty great. I can't praise the actors enough. The cinematography and styling makes for highly aesthetically pleasing and unique color palette. Film and television will forever be a medium where people share their stories involving addiction. Whether it's substance abuse, alcohol, or something more personal, addiction is an issue in for many individuals. Euphoria is one of the latest in a long line of projects that dives quite deep into this, which will definitely divide certain viewers. Shows/Movies like this are always a touchy subject to tackle because you want it to feel authentic without offending or influencing people. This is a very hard series to sit through and will absolutely lose viewers throughout the very first episode, but if you're willing to dive into what this show has to offer, you may find some great elements as I did.<br/><br/>To put it simply, this first season of Euphoria explores the lives of teenagers as they struggle with getting over drug addictions and sexual abuse. Most of the characters continuously make bad decisions and say the wrong things. This trend usually leads to some very uncomfortable scenarios, which is what makes this show a hard watch, pretty much from start to finish. This was the first show in a long time that I found myself invested in, but just couldn't binge it all in one day, due to the material being presented. If for nothing else, this shows truly goes for it at times and I was left unnerved.<br/><br/>Where Euphoria truly shines is within both its performances and overall look. This series is shot terrifically by four very talented cinematographers. Every shot meant something and specific frames felt adjusted for a good reason. This is only elevated by the engaging central performance by Zendaya and many other standouts like Nika King, Alexa Demie, and Eric Dane to name a few. They all played their age groups very well in the context of this show and made this overall world feel very grimy and raw.<br/><br/>From explicit nudity to multiple rape sequences, graphic drug scenes to straight-up murder, this is a show that requires you to not only be a mature viewer but also willing to let the show take you on a journey that will not be pleasant. There is so much of this that it did slightly begin to turn into a negative for me, but everything else surrounding these aspects was so well-done that I was at least admiring the visual appeal it delivers. The fact that this show revolves around someone who has already been through the worst years of her life and is now in recovery actually made some of these elements bearable because there was a nice balance.<br/><br/>Overall, Euphoria is a series that warrants the praise it has been receiving from people, and even though I would give it more than a solid recommendation, that also comes with a massive asterisk. It is a painful watch at times and the actions of many characters will probably make more than a couple of viewers sick to their stomach. It's very well-made and well-constructed, with great performances, fantastic camerawork, and a truly lived-in environment, and that alone has me wishing to talk highly about it, but I would absolutely stress caution before viewing. Euphoria, in the end, has a great first season. This is definitely a must watch for any parent (educational, eye opener). Unlike other shows out there, it goes really in depth of serious issues with what teenagers face in their every day lives such as social media, drugs, bullying, catfishing and much more. Story lines in this are very close to the bone. Some scene are not an easy watch but its what's going on today. Acting across the board was second to none. The way this is filmed is absolutely stunning! Along with a good story and great acting, this is one of the best shows in this genre out there! The cinematography!
The writing!
The editing!
The acting!
Simply amazing show!!! Euphoria sort of reminds me of that movie "Kids" from the 90s but much better and refreshed. This show has a slow start and the shock and vulgarity may turn a lot of viewers away but as the show goes on the stories get richer and are more complex and intertwined. The acting, directing, cinematography, and story are excellent. Watching Zendaya play Rue and her struggle through addiction broke my heart a little more each episode because it is so real and raw. It's all so beautifully heartbreaking. This is an outstanding limited series i've w for a very long time, great screenwriter, good acting, smart dialogue, definitely wait for season 2 . Well done HBO Truly one of the best shows I have seen. Zendaya's performance was incredibly phenomenal, as well as the other cast. Huge fan of the soundtrack. It's a very deep show and worth the watch. Again, Zendaya was the queen of the show - she truly deserves an Oscar for her acting. 10/10 for everything about the show! It's binge worthy!!! I'm actually obsessed by this series!! It is literally my new favourite thing. Reminds me of my adolescent years. The characters are so "real" and executed by the actor/actresses perfectly.<br/><br/>I'm genuinely in awe of this series.<br/><br/>Definately not one to miss! Good soundtracks.
good cinematography.
a bit more college then the supposedly high school.
lots of sex and drugs.
recommended . This is my first review ever i'm 21 years old and by reading other reviews here i get that many adults seariously don't understand how real this tv show is. It touches on so many real life problems we of the younger generation have to deal with. My own life has been really similar to Rues. Like the girl who has hsd her nudes spread by former boyfriends this happens so much its crazy. If you wanna see a tv show that really shows how it is to be a teenager nowdays this is the show for you. A true masterpiece. One of the best shows I've seen. Cinematography, editing, acting, story line, everything is flawless in this show. It is for everybody that dares to opens their minds. It depicts the meaning of love in a way so honest it's shocking for those that cannot handle that nothing is heteronormative. Just watch it and enjoy the ride. One of the best shows of the year totally, I mean the story is breathtaking, emotional but overall passionate, also I really think triis series portrays what generation Z is living. I kinda like it but the thing i don't like is that there are too much intense scenes, but the music, cast and acting are very good The best teenage drama ever. Period.
Despite featuring such a mature and dark theme, it explores the various aspects of an adolescent life ranging from their love life , drug abuse to their everyday problems and issues.
Peer pressure, social shaming, you ask for it and you got it.
The show doesn't just broadcast those issues and then gets away it but instead traces those issues to their roots and explores the origins, causes and factors which were responsible for their build up and everything that could have been done to avoid or prevent them.
The cinematography is absolutely fabulous and can make you trip if viewed in dark environment under the influence of any substance, the soundtrack is comprised of the foot tapping,chest beating perfect tracks which are completely relatable to the show's narrative.
It stands out from the other teen depressing shows such 13 reasons why and etc etc by actually implicating and exploring in depth the everyday obstacle in the life of an adolescent. Its a must must watch even if there are polarising reviews and controversy surrounding the show. You wont regret it.
Hats off HBO for being the king of tv channels in broadcasting true original drama. Keep it up and keep us entertained !!! Euphoria presents a boldly focused, undilated view of reality, wrapped masterfully in a cinematographic dream. The soundtrack is fresh & often delightfully unexpected. Dramatically speaking, I am blown away!!! I will leave it at that; otherwise, this post will be forever long. I love this show for so many reasons & I hope it helps foster genuine, compassionate conversations in the real world.
While I am a fan of Euphoria, I do believe it's fair to say that this show is unapologetically raw, unabashedly real & undeniably...not for everyone. Acknowledgement made. I think it is also fair to say that those who are uncomfortable with visually graphic imagery &/or mature subject matter should take the advice given to them before the show even starts & watch something else. What is unfair is to write a negative review (based on some self-appointed moral high ground) about a show you CHOSE to watch, despite the advance written warning that it was going to explore things you don't agree with in a way you don't like. (Not trying to hate back on you, I'm just sayin'.) Love the show, well done, creepy and gloomy neighbor rendered with dark lights, and mist. I watch it at first, with a bit of apprehension, and knowing also I'll be a little bit more depressed after.. Seeing all these young characters so tender and cruel, crude and lost. As a grown up, I say it makes the hair grow white or fall by horror astonishment. Yes. But reading all these reviews, passionate in NYT, (even a panel of two young women former addicts reading through the action for fact checking : whats look right or lame.. amazing !) and the reviews here and there, the status of the show becoming viral, I must admit it works its parts very well indeed. First as a very moralist show, dressed in the glitter and freshness of teen glam. The parents are pets, some dead, some drunk, cause of everything, for sure, you bad parents ! and the young ones are just virgin sponge craving for love and attention. Nobody learns nothing (don't talk about culture, literature or art, My G. ! so vulgar and commune), so they wander lots souls, from one tentation to another, boost by ego maniacal fathers or badly watch and seen by weak mums . Sexuality is the goal, caricature of it, for sure, binge drinking and drugs to break down all the intimate walls. That's a very very sad and depressing sight for the future,. The image of the neatly by color stored home made DVD in the father drawer, are for me the epitome of this story. Zendaya, Hunter,Angus, Austin, Barbie are some wonderful and very brave young actors, hope there will be future for them as actors, not being trapped in these very depressive impression of what life is, supposed to be like, poorly driven by oblivious egomaniac parents..
Just after seeing last episode, a call : please can there be anyone telling who is the actor playing Rue's father, Mr Bennet ? His passing, the role of his death is of so much meaning, that I really don't understand why there is no mention of him in the all cast list ! I was just heartbroken by the choice of soundtrack (Donny Hathaway) during the scene reminding this all episode.of his death. The show is a brilliant piece of new story telling. Loved the club scene with Jules and her friends in town, in France we use to say 'on s'est mis la tête à l'envers" and it is really what happens, it is just brilliant. Bravo, for the all production and cast and what the story brings to exchange and relations between young and older viewers. A book shall be written about Euphoria, in the future, to summarize all the layers.. I don't think so. Great show but who is geared to? Kids? I hope not. Beautifully woven storylines and well grounded character development are the foundation of this elegantly narrated series. Every facet of this show has been carefully crafted-from the pace to the soundtrack, giving it an effortless feel.
Deeply satisfying. I see many comments saying it's Cliché and it's boring. But coming from someone who goes to high school, everything seems legit to me. The music, the parties, the sex, the drugs. I've seen it all. This is really good. I know tv is fake but this tv show shows what's really going on in in highschool. These are the tv shows that people like. It's a TEEN DRAMA for a reason. The cinematography is awesome. The storylines of every character is awesome. So I give it a 10/10. Hooked on the first episode. This is my first review, and I was compelled to write it after reading many others on this site. I'd like to give the readers some insight, because I'm the same age as the teens in this show and I haven't seen anyone my age give their thoughts in a review.
First of all, a lot of people complain about realism. "No way kids do this many drugs, no way they have this much sex." I'm sorry, but unfortunately this show is a lot more realistic about its depictions of these activities than you'd expect. Kids party very hard, take lots of hard drugs, and often have hardcore sex. I don't even live or go to school in a large town, and I see this sort of stuff all the time. I can only imagine what it's like in a town such as the one in the show. So, on that front, the show actually does a very good job. It also does a great job of showing the ways that this generation is coming to understand and accept things such as sexual/gender fluidity. I would refer to the conversation with the girls at the mall about being "100% straight vs. 100% gay," in episode three. This is exactly how teens these days are going about understanding these sorts of concepts and generally I've found people talking about it with a sense of curiosity/understanding rather than bigotry, and it's very real.
The camera work stands out to me as fantastic and the art direction is very unique and I like the vibe the show is trying to give off, I think it succeeds. The soundtrack, while a little basic, is still very good. The performances also are across the board, very good. I feel like these are real people that I would meet. Zendaya specifically has been fantastic so far. I also have high hopes for the guy who plays Ali, his one scene in episode three was electric.
This show isn't perfect. I had similar complaints about a meandering story and flatter characters, but I just finished watching episode four and it was the best episode yet, and it seems like we're really starting to get a sense of the characters, who they are, and many arcs are beginning to take off. All in all, I would say this show has a TON of potential, and time will tell if it lives up to that potential. I have high hopes! If you stopped watching after episode one for basic reasons, I recommend catching up and reevaluating your feelings about it. If it's not for you, I understand however just know that I can see this show tapping into this generation unlike any piece of media I've ever seen. Bravo to the writers for not being afraid to tell it like it is. This generation can do great things, but we also are dealing with overexposure and new frontiers due to the Internet. I hope this show can effectively continue to capture that as it has. Sorry for the wordy review, I just wanted to give my complete thoughts. Thank you! I have two young girls, ages 8 and 10 and this show has been helping prepare me for what they'll be exposed to potentially lol.. kids have access to MUCH more than they did in the 80's and 90's when I was growing up. I'm enjoying the show so far. As someone who also has struggled bigtime with drug addiction, I can relate to a lot of the characters in the show. Great acting, great story telling. Raw, brutal and honest Great insight of current young adult life situations. What really stood out for ne was the cinematography, esiting and music. Very well executed. The amazing makeup and clothing really attracted me, so, the big problem, what's the brand of them and where I can buy them?btw, y r really beautiful Jules First thing first, I've only watched one episode and I will continue watching it. This show is not bad, but it is trying to be something it is not.<br/><br/>The reason it fails is 1. the narration. This is very typical for american media. They love to tell you what happens and has happened instead of showing it. I don't know why that is but it boters me. Show me Rue's(the main character) struggles with her mental illness! I hate when the only reason we know about her mental problems is because she has talked about them. I hope there will be some more dept to it in later episodes.
2. Everything done for obvious shock value. They cram everything shocking any teenager could come up with in just 51 minutes. It is just so obvious the only reason some of the scenes where put in there where solely to show the tone of the show and how incredibly "shocking" it is.
3. The dialog! It is better than a lot of current "teen" dramas out there(don't even get me started on Riverdale) but it still doesn't feel completely natural. Hopefully it gets better as the show goes on.<br/><br/>And also as some people have talked about; what is the demographic of this show? I think it is aimed towards an older teen/ young adult audience whit out a weak stomach. But I would rather recommend you watch Skins instead.<br/><br/>The reason it succeeds is the acting, the scenography(although I am getting kind of bored of this whole red and blue lightning thing, it is just very Riverdale to me and no teen house party has club lightning!), the costume feels very very accurate which is something refreshing to see in a teen drama as it usually fails, the costume designer has done their research!<br/><br/>I don't know what it is but I know what it isn't. It's not Skins, Kids or Shameless. It deals with heavy stuff but not in the raw way these shows and movie does. It wants to be skins, it is noticeable. The main character is a gen Z version of Effy of Skins, the girl every slightly damaged millennial wanted to be. Pretty, damaged, great fashion sense for the era and suffering drug addiction. It tries so hard to be in the same sense of raw and edgy as Skins for example but it just doesn't add up, and I can't help to compare the two. This show had a lot of potential because it doesn't shy away from the dark and harsh realities of the world and what people in this situation go through. Plus, the visuals are fairly appealing with great cinematography and a strong cast behind it. So what's the problem? Well, there is really only one problem, but sadly it's a big one, which is ironically what a majority of the critics and audiences are praising, Zendaya. I've never been a fan of her acting and always thought she was an AWFUL actress. NO, her being on Disney Channel doesn't excuse bad acting because there are plenty of Disney Channel stars that have given great performances on their Disney Channel shows, including Zendaya's co-star, Bella Thorne. When she went outside Disney Channel, her acting didn't improve and actually got worse. I heard she was amazing in Euphoria and I went in with an open-mind trying to give her the benefit of the doubt. After all, there were celebrities I thought were untalented but then proved me wrong by really delivering, whether with their acting or singing.<br/><br/>However, Zendaya didn't manage to surprise me AT ALL! Her acting is still awful and she really ruins this show just by being in it. She always looks confused and like she's reading cue cards every time she says her lines, her emotional scenes feel fake and insanely flat, her facial expressions are limited to a blank look on her face and being confused, her physicality is so wooden and robotic, and she always seems so bored. I realize she's playing a drug addict, but it doesn't feel like she is one. It just feels like Zendaya playing Zendaya and not a character. She comes across like she's just going through the motions instead of trying to feel the emotions of the character and bringing her to life. Some scenes of her acting in the show actually make me laugh at just how bad she is in the role. There are some scenes where her acting is alright but still isn't good. People keep on going on about how great she is but I don't see it AT ALL. I wanted to like her in this role because I get annoyed with her getting so much praise from people that isn't deserved. I was hoping they would be right about her in this show for the sake of my own sanity (What little I had to begin with lol). However, this show didn't deliver on that wish and just makes me feel more annoyed at her getting praise for doing just the bare minimum. Hell, I'm not even sure if she's even putting in enough effort to even do the bare minimum.<br/><br/>I know you all must be wondering, if she is my only problem with the show, why did I give this show only one star? Well, she is the protagonist and the show mainly rests on her for it to work. It's like how audiences really hated Brie Larson in the role of Captain Marvel and therefore that ruined the movie for them, among other reasons. They needed a REALLY strong actress in order for this to work and Zendaya was the wrong choice and has yet to prove she has any talent, despite what others say. She really ruins the show. If the lead that is supposed to carry the show can't deliver, then the show can't be good. But I know I'm in the minority here but I'm not going to sacrifice my standards of quality for the sake of following the crowd. Euphoria portrays every problem that our generation is facing nowadays. From the drug abuse to sexual rapes. Sam Levinson was able to use a perfect soundtrack and a great cinematographic technique to reflect the mind of every single character. As spectators we can identify ourselves in Rue, Jules, Kat, Gia, Cassie...
Euphoria has been criticized for violence, but unfortunately our world is full of it, and very often tv-series try to hide these problems by romanticizing them. That's the reason why I liked Euphoria! It's raw and "direct", realistic and well-made, the young actors are talented and I can't wait for the second season! But by about episode 4-5 it faded. It dragged on as the writers obviously ran out of time and ideas.<br/><br/>I would def pass on season 2. Its hard to quantify why i like this series so much, I'm only on episode 5 as I find it hard too watch them all in tandem. Its raw but in a modern way, dealing with new drugs and new issues regarding sexuality in adolescence I've not really seen on tv before. A lot of it comes down to the characters being well written, I can relate to them or identify with them through people I knew growing up. Theres very complexed issues, many of them being psychological, dealt with in the narrative.. Hope it gets more attention than it has done as it deserves to become a cult classic. I feel its like Big Little Lies for teens issues. Has similar depth. I had heard about this series from female friends and watched it with hesitation. Ironically my hesitation was based on a completely false premise and I should have been hesitant based on the extreme discomfort I would experience in watching it.<br/><br/>This is a trip into the extremes of teenage psyches and it is terrifying! Beautifully filmed and acted with a great soundtrack.<br/><br/>But be warned, this is not for the faint hearted. I guess only the viewer will know how extreme or unrealistic it is our how close to home it is. My sense is regardless, it will evoke extreme emotional responses.<br/><br/>An excellent series that will open your eyes to the potential disaster that faces youth in their journey to adulthood.<br/><br/>A must watch. This show was fantastic, as in 18 year old of today I think it perfectly captured a sense of the world today, I believe many naive parents watch this and think this is an over exaggeration of today's youth but trust me this is an honest portrayal of what goes on in teenagers lives these days. The use new age cinematography with every shot being almost mesmerising with bright neon lights contrasting the dark personalities of the characters, the soundtrack which merges so well with the shows themes and lastly the costume design and hair and makeup team all combine together to form this 'tour de force'. The disturbing nature of the characters is portrayed effortlessly by the actors who at some points you are torn between hating or feeling sorry for them. Zendaya's best performance yet, really showing her capability as an actress. In the show the kids are like I think love is something Dark people just accept. Idk maybe. But reproduction is dark and people just accept it. Sex maybe isn't necessarily. Anyway love isn't dark like that. It's just that for whatever reason there aren't many people who love other people. Love isn't something that is dark people call things love that isn't love that is really dark. Aside from the incredible acting, the cinematography is pure brilliance and captivating. It's a work of true art that pulls you right into the depths and perception of high school and real world issues we've all faced at one time or another. The writing is perfection and doesn't skip a beat even in the quietest of scenes. Each characters story is so well thought up and portrayed, making me believe it. Zendaya is probably.. well not probably, is the best actor I've seen in a very long time. She's multifaceted, beautiful, and smart. Her acting is nothing I've ever seen before. It's astonishing what she can do from every line to emotion to facial expression. Just breathtaking. This show was really wasn't on my radar at all until i saw the previews and decided to give it a go. I'm so glad i decided to watch because this is truly a gem. This show is very unique in how it's directed and edited, you can tell real care went into this production. The crew behind this decided to go above and beyond to tell a relatable tale of Coming of Age and Addiction. It blends comedy, drama and romance pretty without one overshadowing another. The performances are so fantastic especially from Zendeya, Jacob Elordi and Hunter Schafer who i hope win Emmys in the future because everyone brought their A game with this. The way episodes are told reminded me of short Indie films. Yes this show contains strong sexual content but i feel like it's serves an important role to the story. This show is slow paced and doesn't rely on crazy drama to engage you but on everyday problems we all face especially during our teenage years. I hope everyone from the actors, directors, writers and production crew get a ton of accolades from this i was really impressed. Try to leave all the filming and angles stuff aside for a sec.
Story wise this is the greatest show you'll ever see. I just started watching this show.
I really enjoy it. It is not a show for everyone as it is extremely graphic and deals with very very mature subject matter.
That said it does show what teens are and have gone through and are going through in this day and age...unfortunately will all this technology it has become that much easier to access things.
I feel it has definitely given insight into what our young adults go through or could be going through...a very sad state of affairs.
It touches on many subjects.
Again it isn't a show for everyone but I enjoy it. I don't usually review anything besides the rate but I had the need to address Euphoria.
The show it's been hard to watch FOR ME because I don't "understand" how someone can abuse drugs so badly, even when it's right in front of their eyes that the addiction is making everything worst and affecting friends and relatives. But IT IS LIKE THAT, even if you don't like it or understand it doesn't mean that is not true, that isn't happening or that is gonna have a happy ending. The drugs, the addictions, the bullying, all around sex (nudes, internet sex workers, different sexual behaviors, promiscuity, sexual bullying, sexual videos), everything about queerness and lgbt+ IS REAL, IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW to all the teenagers. So don't try to avoid it or denied it or censor it, it is what it is. I'm so happy that a show like this is a real vision of teen life nowadays. WATCH IT!<br/><br/>Besides that, wow to the photography, the art direction and soundtrack, it's so dynamic, inventive and beautifully done. Everything combined, plus the actors, makes it a full representation of this generation and how they see the world. I think the initial rating is good. I think if there is anything worth looking into it is how they got some of the information that they have. It's just almost halfway through first season but I can easily say this one of the best high school series I have ever seen. The direction and cinematography of this series is groundbreaking. All the performances are pitch perfect and Zendaya is simply one of the best young actresses. The series talks about many themes which are difficult to take but the creators did a great job. There's high rate of profanity which may trouble some but one can easily understand that it is needed for this series. This show is not bad,it has great direction,filming and casting. BUT...the only real characters seem to be those of Rue,her mother and sister. The writers/directors seem to have decided to surround her with a bunch of cliches: the jock with daddy issues,the boy in transition to be a girl,the overweight girl who is fat-shamed her whole life and finds her female empowerment and a bunch of horny,vapid cheerleaders. Character development is practically nonexistent,except Rue,up until this point(episode 3).Even the parents,the little that we see them,are two-dimensional cliches...u have the sassy cool mother who drinks,the riddled of guilt father who tries to satisfy every wish, the secretely gay alpha male father...this show is supposed to be about teens trying to make sense of life,the world and their feelings in the age of technology and social media...and to an extent it is,but it seems to lack direction..Where does it go?Is there a point somewhere?What is the freaking story besides the drugs and the parties and all the stories? And can someone plz tell me what is the point of the story of the college jock with the high school girlfriend? Why am I supposed to be watching these people hooking up,going to frat parties etc? All that said,I find Zendaya mesmerizing but I have my reservations for the girl playing Jules, exactly because she's a girl and doesn't look like a boy in transition at all...i would prefer an actual boy in transition. I will watch the 1st season and I really hope this show actually has something concrete to say. Really the only good thing about this show is the directing, it's bold, intense and just generally some of the best work I've seen. Now this show reminds me of 13 reason why, the characters are almost entirely defined by their trauma, they are completely caricatures of humans, it's like the creators looked at a human, took out anything subversive about them, then all only left the worst possible traits. Euphoria seems to want to say something about drugs, about abuse and mental health, but every time it's on the verge of anything they revert to spectacle. It's only 8 episodes so give it a watch if you are comfortable with nudity, teenage drinking etc. All in all the show fails spectacularly which is a shame, because I love zendaya The acting , the story , the characters , every thing in this show is outstanding and I just immediately fell in love with the story and the way it explains the story
One of the best series I've ever seen This show makes me uncomfortable. It rattles me and I find it hard to watch which I guess a show like this aims for. Its a hard look at reality, not my reality & maybe not yours but someone's. The cinematography is exquisite and I do love the acting. Overall a good show but not something that is 'bingeable' without an emotional hangover. Not for the faint hearted. This show is very graphic in nature. You are probably going to see and hear things that disturb you. But that's what I like about it. It's "real" life. Zendaya plays a beautiful part in this series, something completely different from her usual character's. Everything about this show hits the spot. It's a beautiful tale of friends and family growing up in a small California town with real problems in America today. You get to see what some of the problems that teenagers in this time period are going through. I hope they keep this show running. It's very entertaining. I know I didn't say much in this review but I didn't want to give any of the story away. Watch the first episode, I guarantee you'll want more. I don't ever leave reviews for a show but this show is different. Different because it's raw, it doesn't care about society and it's stupid rules. It shows us what's truthful and real. No filter. *GASP* 8-) wtfyall I thought there was gonna be a new episode *snap* period. I was a teen once. I had guns pulled on me for it. This show is visually stunning, it's like nothing I've ever seen before Great insight into modern issues and directed brilliantly. It took my breath away every episode..must watch. This is such a good show. It's not an easy watch, nor a particularly pleasant one. It's so raw, provoking and very difficult to predict. The characters are REAL. Euphoria has a pull that makes it too intriguing to ignore. No boring scene. No happy ending for anyone... Well at least yet. Interesting in provocation but trippy in delivery. Why lie about that? Why even click a thing you aren't sure about? Wise up newb. Kno these streets. In my opinion this show is a masterpiece!!! And Zendaya is an amazing little actress Though this series tells a beautiful story and is visually stunning, it over exaggerates all aspects of high school and social interaction, so much so to the point it's hard to believe. But honestly, I felt Zendaya's character is the least interesting of them all. But ultimately had a weak story with non existant plot twists to really grip you in. Certainly agree that it doesn't really represent an accurate portrayal of realistic trails and tribulations of a teenager. Directing is all over the place and quite noticable plot holes and irrelevant scenes that had to place in story. Tries to keep you entertained with tons of sex and glorifying drug use even when it shows the ramifications of it like maniac depression/dissociation etc. Disappointed. Euphoria is a amazing show that really connects you to characters.
Euphoria shows a deeper emotion to people and why people think or do the things they do in the world.
Euphoria shows the struggles that people go through from not having a good relationship with your mother or father. A love one not being in your life. The things people do to help a love one or run their household and mental illness. It shows that people go through Sh**and it's a tough world out here.
I RECOMMEND WATCHING THIS!!!! The storyline behind Euphoria is excellent, but the frequent showcasing of sex scenes is unwarranted. I hope season 2 will have zero nudity. Anyhow, Zendaya's performance is outstanding and she manages to keep the audience attentive throughout the show. Struggling with OCD, experimenting with drugs, and being sexual insecure - it's about my teenage years, so I can perfectly relate to this TV show. It covers subject matter that other TV shows about teens/young adults doesn't want to show, or they add some adult morals to characters, but not show how teenagers actually were.<br/><br/>Yes, storyline is sometimes too dark and over-the-top, but it's not about how realistic it is, it's about vibes.<br/><br/>One reviewer left 1/10 and had an issues with: " kids dress like cartoon characters, engage in public and group sex, have endless supplies of drugs, and the guys are all 25 year olds with roid rage"<br/><br/>Yes, I agree completely, it's not really an authentic depiction of how things are. But it's not the point of this show! It's about impressions. It's how I as teenager perceived world, not how the world actually was (always thought that other teens had so much sex and drugs; all other guys looked and acted so roid, but not me exc.).<br/><br/>It may not be entertaining to watch, but I'm really happy that this series exist. Thanks HBO. As many others have said, the first few episodes are pretty extreme. There is some incredibly dark subject matter portrayed and while it seems excessive, these things are what some really have to deal with.<br/><br/>As the season progresses, it dives deep into the lives and struggles of the complex main cast. The show really shines in creating characters that you care about and it makes the impactful moments hit like a freight train. It reminds me a lot of Skins (the UK version obviously), in that it has the perfect balance of fantasy and drama. Those two shows really stand alone as far as teen dramas go, nothing else even comes close.<br/><br/>Good cinematography should serve the story, and I can honestly say that it not only does that, but adds another level of depth to the storytelling. The shots that they get and how they flow together take this from an 8 to a 9.<br/><br/>Even if you need to skip through the raunchy/disturbing parts to make it through, this show is worth the effort. I haven't been this impressed by a TV show in a long time. I think it's pretty good and I would really love to see how the story would end since the ending of season one wasn't much of a cliff hanger. One of the best shows this year! The cast is amazing! Music, makeup, cinematography, plot..everything! Some scenes were a little disturbing to watch but the show is deffinetly worth it This is such a raw epic ride of growing up in the unforgiving and completely judgmental 90s in high school
The emotions each character brings to this is absolutely exhilarating and scary at once
Thank you for showing the real ness of that era<br/><br/>Definitely not for anyone under 17 All the actors r really good! This serie is so emotional and so dope! Watch it! Very good. Watch it. Depression, drugs, a little bit of violence, a sex scenes. This show is so well done in every aspect of film. Anyone giving this show bad reviews is in denial of what life is like for the younger generation. I can agree that this would be more realistic if it involved kids in their late teens to early twenties. Aside from that the cinematography... WOW. The directing... incredible. The acting... well f$&!ing done!!! The soundtrack... inject it all into my veins! I'm in my late twenties and have seen soooo many good TV shows and movies-this is ranked up there with my personal favorites. Bravo HBO!!! Incredible cinematography. Original in its approach.
It's obviously targeted a younger audience then myself but I still enjoyed. This show is close to a masterpiece. It gives us great visuals, a gripping story filled with so many topics where most tv shows would fail to bring these all so perfectly together. It deals with drug addiction, anxiety, depression, OCD, sexuality, love, the pressure of social media (and more) and in all that it still finds some room for humor. It had me hooked in the first 10 minutes. Some people will say it's over the top but these are the people who just can't imagine that so many other people in the world go through, not just one, but multiple parts of the topics this show presents to us. Sure it's maybe unlikely that they all come together at around the same time but this is just the way the story holds together and can give you quite a persepective on how so many people might be growing up. It's a definite recommend but a fair warning, it can leave you in a sad state for a while after the season finale. It's dark and emotional but I ended up really invested in their characters and will continue watching any and all upcoming seasons.<br/><br/>Characters are well thought-out and the show has a nice way of showing us things from their past that made a difference in who they are. Some more complex than others and some way more likable than others but all are explained very well.<br/><br/>It's realistic and interesting to me even though I don't relate to a lot of the stories or characters (luckily). But it is hard for me to watch and does effect me emotionally. My favorite character, is not the 2 main characters (Jules or Rue), which I don't know if that's a bad thing. Their dynamic didn't seem to be developed very strong, it just seemed like they met each other and immediately went to the bedroom and stared at each other in bed, and that seems to be the extent of most scenes with them, which is not really realistic or relatable to me, it's hard to buy into. I love Zendaya, but Rue feels like the same character she plays in the Spiderman movies except on drugs so I'm starting to question the range of acting. There's just something about the way Zendaya acts when she's portraying Rue, that just doesn't do it for me. My favorite character is Barbie Ferreira's character, Kat. She's by far and away the most interesting person on the show, and it upsets me there isn't more focus on, in fact she is the only character that pulled emotion from me. The entirety of the characters have hints of things I related to as a teen, that they just take in their own ways which is interesting. Overall, I'll watch next season, as it was pretty engaging. This tv show is amazing. The makeup, the original score and soundtrack, costums, the mood, the seduction, actors playing, all I loved. Euphoria is like the well illustrated, well developed, beautiful rendered diary i never had as a teen/ young adult growing up in similar situations to the characters . This show hurts to watch but at the same time feels like therapy. i am grateful for the art Euphoria is. I don't usually review things but this show is beautifully made and I think most issues were expertly portrayed given it's bringing up issues that are very different from person to person and it does not glorify anything bad in my opinion. It shows the ups and downs and the dark reality of what being a teen can be, of having mental health issues, of doing drugs. Openly showing human bodies also gets a thumbs up from me, it's natural and normal. Several of the characters almost feel like portrayls of friends of mine from when I was that age so I have nothing but praise for this. It made me relate in a way I haven't since Skins(uk) and this show is so much more. It feels like I'm watching art. Zendaya's performance is jaw dropping. One of my favourite tv shows of 2019! Completely Love everything about it. I've become slightly obsessed with it and made all my friends watch it. The characters, beautiful cinematography, amazing score and don't get me started on the makeup/ costume! Absolutely Phenomenal. Thank you Sam for creating this show. I really don't understand why some people are claiming it's unrealistic. I'd go as far as to say it's the MOST accurate portrayal of how it is to be a teen with drug addiction, body insecurities, sexual curiosity/insecurity, and mental health issues.
It's gritty, raw, at times even "offensive"..but most of all, it's 100% REAL!
I graduated high school in 2004 and my generation was the guinea pigs for mental health drugs for teens and addiction programs for teens etc. We were also the generation to have the first taste of social media, texting, s*xting, pictures etc, and how it impacted us.
Season one was amazing with the storyline.
My only critique is that not every actor/actress is amazing on the show, but the ones who stand out (Zendaya is the BEST actress on the show. Hands down.) The other ones are new (still need to get their feet wet and really connect with their characters.) You can tell they don't act full time and it isn't their career (with the exception of Nate and Nate's father (Mr. McSteamy) who are seasoned actors) and along with Zendaya really bring some beautiful (and sometimes scary moments on screen come alive.)
The actress who plays Jules is awesome (not the biggest fan of Jules the character for some of the choices she made toward the end) And I can't wait for Hunter to really learn even more about acting and see her really sink her teeth into this role going forward.<br/><br/>My only other critique would be that as super important as trans/bisexual/gay storylines are (trust me, I'm so thankful for these depictions and storylines) I really hope the producers/writers/directors don't forget about straight people in the next series.
Given Jules and Nate are going to become a thing, and it got out that an actor quit (Algee plays him now) due to some future homosexual scenes, I'm very worried that trans and homosexuality/bisexuality are ALL this show is going to be focused on now, and the straight characters are going to be pushed to the back.
I just hope that there is a way to make everyone and their issues shine. Otherwise it becomes another L word, orange is the new black, or Queer as folk (great important shows, don't get me wrong.) But part of what I love about this season was that ALL sexuality was portrayed and ALL kinds of relationships (including unhealthy domestic violence relationships.)<br/><br/>Also I don't know what his name is, but I LOVE the "drug dealer' character. I feel like he has such a story and a lot of love to give, despite being a dealer. For me euphoria is the only high school tv show that have it at least half accurate. It faces the issues this generation are growing up with in a way that is more realistic then other shows such as 'pretty little liars' or 'Riverdale'.<br/><br/>Personally I don't find it hard to watch because it's like every other day in high school. Fantastic story, cinematography, music, and acting. The entire show has you holding your breath every time a scene cuts in and out. Also, very humbling to take a look at abuse and addiction from this perspective. I think that this TV show is incredible. Every actor is gifted in that they are required to play a difficult role where there's a battle of emotions, and they uphold it really well. It depicts of the nightmares that teens often come across in adolescence. The only thing that could be touched up apon is the "why?" , why does Rue get addicted to drugs? They just briefly came across it, but there should be a more in depth explanation. Love the soudtrack, great music choice. I start to this series only for Zendaya but now l love this show very much. This show one unique style of narrating the story and characters development is too good. It is really worth to watch and you time 😍😍😍 If you don't know what it's like to crave a substance, watch this fantastic depiction. This show was beyond realistic. Everyone saying otherwise clearly have never been around addicts or been an addict. Zendaya killed her role. Jacob Elordi had the wildest scene in the last episode. Executed that perfectly. Euphoria is skins in 2019 and it is just as influential, triggering and heart breaking. I have no doubt that this show will make huge waves and people will continue to watch long after it is over. A lot of the low rating critics on here are from people who have watched one episode and made their mind up without watching the full story. Like reading the back plot of a book and them making a review on the whole book.
Granted the first episode was slow and a bit hard to watch, the plot was strange, and I thought it was more about how they can shock the audience with nudity and sex scenes. Some of this could have been removed but it seems some TV shows now days need to punch above the line to get head line news good or bad to get attention.
Any way I've just finished season 1 and think this show really gives a good insight into living with depression, drugs and bipolar. I think Rue's character was excellently played and makes you feel happy on her highs with Jules but real sadness with what depression is really like and how you can spiral down a whole with no ending.
I for one liked the show and will be looking forward to the second season. If you are sensitive to nudity and sex on TV then you might want to give this show a miss. With the influx of content from Netlix, HBO, Amazon Prime and the others it's hard to find something you can't keep from pressing 'next episode'.
Intense, dramatic, funny, thought provoking.
Camera work, locations, acting, editing, script all on point.
Recommend. In brief found the story line true to life, gritty & intense. But it was let down by the last episode for me. But definitely worth a watch Like most first seasons of a show, the season starts slow, and ends up getting a little bit of steam by the end. Euphoria to me suffers from the narrative style, but is elevated by the top-notch cast from Zendaya to every single supporting actor on the show. This show could go anywhere from where it is in season 1, and can get better. Overall, I think this is like HBO's version of 13 Reasons Why even if the plot and themes are totally different. The show also has a knack for showing off great cinematography. In every single episode you are in awe of at least one or two tracking shots, and the colors in some of the shots are some of the most beautiful you will see in a show today. Overall, if you are in for a very likeable cast and stunning visuals/cinematography in a show with dark themes, this show is for you. Blown away I recommend watching this if you're looking for a new TV series 7/10
Positives:
Cinematography is some of the best on tv right now.
Music choices for this show are fantastic and add another element to the show.
Most of the episodes are really good and intriguing.
Some characters have interesting storylines and are likeable such as (Fez, Cal, Cassie, Rue)<br/><br/>Negatives:
Some episodes really tend to drag on
Kat is supposed to be a likeable character but she's just plain annoying and every scene with her takes a few ratings off each episode.
Some scenarios are kinda stupid and don't make sense This show was incredible. It brought to TV what I believe TV can often lack - visual beauty. Whilst a story line can be incredible a TV show can often fall short when it comes to symbolism or masterful camera work. Let me tell you, Euphoria had it all. Starting with the make up, every make up look- even when it wasn't loud, was unique and absolutely stunning. Every look made you want to pause the show and try it yourself- a feat often not accomplished. This helped to add to and develop each character, as all the designs were similar but unique to their character- and God, it was brilliant. The characters' personal styles was one of the highlights of the show for me. Often enough I find that most TV characters don't have a distinct style, which I miss. You look at films such as Juno- her style couldn't run down a cat walk but did it add to her character- yes! In Euphoria the individual styles of each individual character is so inspirational and daring.  Besides from that it develops your understanding of the character themselves, a great example being in the character of Kat. When we first meet her, her style is of the average teenager, as she finally finds her (love?) of web cam (acting?) her style develops into one true to herself and incorporating BDSM/dominatrix features. Its character development all shown through dress sense. Another great example is Cassie and how when McKay tells her to change her costume on Halloween (as simple as it may sound) insults her sense of self, which shows how important each characters style is to them, similarly seen as in when Nate tells Maddy to change her outfit the night of the carnival- she feels good so why should she for him? Though that's different as it's meant to show his controlling nature but can be interpreted both ways.
The camera shots were mesmerising honestly. The upside-down shots often used in scenes when a character would be high were absolutely incredible and help to add to the aesthetic of the show, carried forward through the glitter and the (GORGEOUS) colour scheme. The entire show played perfectly into the visually pleasing aspect that I love to find in my films/shows. I could go on and on about them but my explaining would butcher the true beauty of them (SO go watch it!). Though I have to throw in one of my absolute favourite shots is when Rue and Jules kiss for the second time in Rue's bed and the camera is spinning between shots of Rue's room and other memories (see I butchered it go watch the damn show).
A couple things I did find a bit off, for the most part the show tried to avoid a shock factor of the hectic parts, really did try to normalise them in the lives of the characters, however in some areas it did feel like the masses of porn were more to shock the watcher rather than play into the storyline. Though they can't be faltered too much as it's understandable especially if their audience is both teens and parents. Shock the parents that may not know the reality of the lives of some teens and shock to the some naive teenagers out there.
An issue I did face whilst watching it was the romanticisation of drug use. Whilst the show did do a great job in explaining the impact of Rue's drug use there were areas where I felt they could be interpreted as good rather than damaging. A good example is early on in the show when Rue takes pills and we get a shot of her and Jules in a tent (?) whilst that shot is stunning, with all the glitter and colour scheme in the background, it can be seen as beautiful rather than how it's actually affecting her. However, this wasn't what I experienced throughout the whole show as I felt it did the a good job in explaining the negative side and how Rue fell into her substance abuse. It definitely did better than some (13 Reasons Why) in trying not to romanticise mental health and its possible affects.
A credit must go to this show for being interesting! Sounds simple enough but I often find in TV shows following different characters with some parts of their lives not intertwining, I find one or two characters boring and whenever the show is displaying part of their story I find myself wanting to skip or being bored, however with Euphoria, there was not a single character that I did not find absolutely fascinating, with each one I wanted to know more about them and their lives and what was to come for them and that alone is a massive feat.
In conclusion I binged this show in two days, and couldn't keep my eyes off of the screen, I thoroughly recommend it to anybody needing a new watch though do keep in mind this show is pretty hectic when it comes to anything taboo. Every episode was so enjoyable , so relatable . Ups and downs like a roller coaster with my emotions. Really hit home It's a tough watch no question. It's unrelenting but the honesty (if I hope somewhat heightened for dramatic purposes) with how it depicts teenage life today, impact of trauma is really unusual and arguably a brave take. Zendaya's talent is beyond anything I imagined. This is a once in a lifetime role and should launch her into a new level of roles. The soundtrack is banging too! Only on Ep 3of8 and this Show is great! Three of the best aspects of this movie are the writing, the acting, and the cinematography. So far it's a drama about teens trying to find their way in a world full of drugs, sex, revenge, and obviously undiagnosed mental health issues. This show is definitely graphic and mature. At first I was hesitant because of that, but i'm glad i watched. Great acting specifically from Zendaya (Rue). This show is filled with drama, sadness, and hilarious. You will surely be feeling many emotions at the end of each episode. CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON TWO!! Amazing show, amazing characters, amazing cinematography!! It draws you in from the first second and before you know it you've watched episode 8 and can't wait for season 2. As someone who graduated high school a few years ago, I can say this show is a very accurate depiction of high school. At least one aspect of high school. It's BRILLIANTLY acted, directed, written and the visuals are absolutely stunning. this show hooks you in immediately and it's hard to look away. Never seen anything quite like Euphoria. Cinematography is just the best.
Whole show is great and worth to watch!