This series is one of the best ever. As one of the characters said, "It is life." So much happens.... characters live and die, sometimes unexpectedly and certainly not what you wanted to happen. Despite being set in the 9th century, the series makes it clear that politics and power have not changed and The Last Kingdom amply demonstrates this. The role of religion and the power of the church also are treated as they should be.... sometimes good and sometimes evil, just as humans are. Watch it. I can hardly wait for season 4. With the plethora of mediocre historical series out there, I did not expect much from this show. I, however, was utterly blown away by how compelling it is, and by the excellent acting by all. The subject matter is fascinating, and it depicts well the harshness of living, and surviving, in a barbarous world, with an emerging, equally barbarous "new" religion. The casting was terrific. The actor who played Scorpa, the Dane of the White Horse, was beyond fierce. An unforgettable presence. I was especially, impressed by the lead, Alexander Dreymon, whom I had never seen before. As the series progresses, you really see this guy's acting chops. His range is from the tender to the ferocious. He has a bunch of us hooked, and we cannot wait for the next season. <br/><br/>Thank you for entertaining us! This a world class tv series with a brilliant cast. Thank you Netflix for Season 3, it's simply outstanding! Just happened to find this show scrolling through Netflix one day. So happy I found this series.<br/><br/>The first episode was good, but it took 2-3 to draw me in. I think the plot and story are just great. It is a twist on the Viking world that is currently taking TV by storm. The actors do a phenomenal job with their characters and interaction with one another. <br/><br/>I love how the relationships have developed between all of the characters in this world, between Uhtred/Alfred/Ragnar and just the many many other characters how have strained and strengthened relationship. I have turned several friends onto this who are GoT fans. I think this series is right there with GoT.<br/><br/>I can't wait for another year of it and I am interested in where they take the story and the characters! Without going into too much detail, this show will slowly but surely get you attached to the main character Uhtred son of Uhtred. The immersion that this show provides leaves you stunned at times and it never fails to disappoint in terms of character development. It shows how a man who carries himself with honor and conviction doesn't always get what's due never the less that doesn't hinder him in pursuing his dreams and his birthright. I love every episode of this show, there is always an action, it does not bore even for a minute. This show is the reason why I am still paying for Netflix, it reflects the era very well. I hope they do not cancel and continue for years. In a way, BBC's The Last Kingdom is a first ever experience for me. It's certainly not the first series I watch, nor it's the first series based on books, not even historical fiction books. But it's the first series which I'd read the books it is based on way before it was even announced. So seeing it rumored, then officially announced and finally premiered was very interesting and exciting. I had a lot of hopes and fears for this. And I'm so gladly to say that based on the first two episodes of the series, my hopes were made into reality and my fears into joy. And so, inspired me to write my first review here.<br/><br/>I'll try to keep this as spoiler free as possible, but some are impossible to avoid.<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom tells the history of Uhtred of Bebbanburg, a Saxon noble who is captured and raised by the Danes, first as a slave and then as a son. His future will be one of battle within and without, fighting against powerful warlords and struggling between his love for the Danes and their culture and his duty for the Saxons.<br/><br/>In many ways, talking about how this series make this simple enough premise into a engrossing story full of nuance is talking about how the books do it. Here there is a commitment to reality that goes beyond most historical shows, and I'm not talking only about the clothes, weapons or history itself, but characters, their motives and relationships. At the center of The Last Kingdom is its characters and the show presents and develops then masterfully. <br/><br/>Take Ælfric (Joseph Millson) for example, Uhtred's uncle. When the young Uhtred (Tom Taylor) wakes up and realize his father went to war without him, he promptly go and ask him why he was left behind. His uncle barely talks to him and say he has to go and clear the stables. But the directing and acting in the scene makes it clear Ælfric has something sinister in mind. Uhtred get his pony and goes to join his father, and then you realize that that was Ælfric's plan all along. It's subtle and skillfully done, and with something that feel effortless you have a lot shown to you what Ælfric is all about. <br/><br/>When it comes to characters there is no compromise, they feel like real people that are just living their lives. Doing what they think is right and/or what is best for them and their loved ones. You won't find good or bad here, nor one dimensional characters. By the end of the first episode, you will find you will have feeling for these people, both positive and negative. And in the end, that is what keeps you interesting in a series. And you will care for the fate of Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon), Brida (Emily Cox), Alfred (David Dawson) and the many other great characters that are present in the first two episodes.<br/><br/>And from them stem all the other conflicts in the series. The political plotting and machinations are ever present in the fractured world that these people inhabit, and the leaders of both the Saxons and Danes are constantly trying to get things working in their favor. Together with political issues, there is religion. Christianity is a defining characteristic of the English, and because of the Norse paganism, they view the Danes not only as enemy of the Saxons, by enemies of God. The Danes of the other hand, view Christianity with a disinterested curiosity. In one opportunity Uhtred explain Heaven as Valhalla without all the drinking, fighting and humping. This passage helps to illustrate a kind of 'lightness' that the series, just as the books, have. Maybe lightness is not the best word, since there is plenty of violence and moments that will leave you shocked, but the story is told in a way that feels amiable and pleasant. That is done is the series by skillful directing , writing (in the first two episodes done by Nick Murphy and Stephen Butchard respectively) and editing. That, along with its character, might be the two most appealing things about The Last Kingdom.<br/><br/>Add to that a great score, beautiful scenery and great acting (although a little bit inconsistent in some moments) and you have the recipes for a series that stand tall and deserves to be seen. No matter what you like, The Last Kingdom (the first two episodes together are a nice demonstration of everything good about this story) might offer something for you.<br/><br/>For the books fan in particular, this is a series that even when it changes the story of the book it feels it belong, Bernard Cornwell's tone is ever present in it. Not to mention many small moments that shows the people responsible for the series really cared about the source material, like in shield wall battle (it doesn't reach the greatness of the book, but then, what battle scene anywhere does?), there is a scene of people walking over a dead body, something that feels taken right from the book. Or a sword strike that comes from bellow. Even some of the more questionable changes feel justified. Like giving the Saxon rectangular shields. In the end it proves extremely valuable as a tool to differentiate Danes from Saxons. But without a doubt, this is a adaptation that work is all levels and will delight most readers. Once you start, you won't want to stop.<br/><br/>Really hoping for a season 4. If you haven't starting watching this yet and you're are thinking about it - think no more and just watch it. You won't be sorry. This series is sensational with brilliant writing and phenomenal acting. There is so much going on but it is easy to follow the storyline and it keeps you interested and excited and anxious for more. When season 2 ended it was tough. I am now started to watch season 3 and so far I am not disappointed. Thank you Netflix for another amazing series. I am rooting for a season 4 and more please. I reviewed this after the first season in 2015. I'm doing it again after season 4 in 2020. I said this show had the potential to be better than GoT and Vikings.
In my opinion it has done that. You think GoT had unpredictable deaths? Well buckle up for this show. It happens a lot and at times it's completely out of nowhere and not a spectacle at all. You're like you know I like that character. Boom. Well sh&t they're dead! The story is absolutely fantastic. The characters are likeable and some are downright unforgettable. How this show doesn't even get any buzz around award time boggles my mind. The performance of Alfred in season 3 should have been Emmy and Golden Globe nominated. The show in general should be.
This show has turned me into a fanboy and not many shows or movies have ever done that to me. Breaking Bad, The Witcher books and now this. So take this review as the words of someone who loves this show. If you watch all four seasons I think you will feel that this is one of the best shows currently running.
I've been wrong before, but if you like swords, shields, battles, violence, betrayal, revenge, moments that make you want to jump off your couch run through a wall and high five the first person you see then WATCH THIS SHOW! Best series on Netflix by far can rival Viking's any day of the week I love this show. It guides you through history, humanity, and religion. All characters have amazing plots and are respected in the story. Every event has it purpose for the future and nothing is taken without historical reasons. All human emotions, are portraited equally, like a canvas an its colors. You can not define the show with only one label. Each character invite you for understanding. In this show, there is not good or evil, it is just "Humanity". I love it so much! I really like this which is another hit rather than a miss for the BBC. The Last Kingdom now joins Wolf Hall and Poldark in its ability to transport me back in time.<br/><br/>Obviously this depends on how well you know any given time period. I am more pedantic about the last two world wars so not every BBC effort achieves this. People might love The Crimson Field but in no way did people speak or say things in WW1 that they did in that particular drama. For a reality check watch The Great War: The People's Story.<br/><br/>Leaving that era aside we have now watched four episodes of The Last Kingdom and all have been excellent and "believable" if that's the right word for what remains fiction. It must be difficult to get it right hence some people on here slating this series. Only slate it for historical inaccuracies if you are that obsessed but don't knock the overall effort for what remains a "Dark Ages" drama.<br/><br/>Yet it actually feels like it was way back then. This has been achieved in far less stylised way than say Game of Thrones which is obviously not really grounded in any time period yet remains an excellent drama most of the time.<br/><br/>Also, with The Last Kingdom there is no gratuitous violence just for the sake of it as there is with some other offerings set in this same time period. You only get occasional violence within the story line so this gives you the opportunity to get interested in the love scenes too and these are not over the top. Also people are allied in all sorts of ways. The end scene in Ep4 was brilliant and sums up what I mean.<br/><br/>You can't expect killings all the time. If you want more detail buy a copy of the Anglo Saxon Chronicle. Apparently there are plenty of deaths mentioned in that! Great show! Better than Vikings! Nipping at the heels of GOT! I'm a sucker for period pieces. Anything about Vikings is likely to grab my attention. The Last Kingdom is remarkably well done. I don't know enough about movie making to say with confidence but it seems like the director knocks it out of the park. Alexander Dreymon is a name I hadn't heard before but he absolutely breathes life into the main character. The writing helps for certain, Uhtred is everything you want in a protagonist. I have no clue how historically accurate this show is but it entertains me in a way only the best can. So this is how it goes. Season 1. You hang in for a couple of episodes, then you start thinking, wow, this is really good. Then you think, heck, I might as well move right on to Season 2 and you say, whoa, this is awesome. Of course you'll immediately plunge right into Season 3 which of course, you CAN'T STOP WATCHING because it's EPIC.<br/><br/>Script writing, cinematography and actors are all perfectly in sync. The soundtrack is mesmerizing. There's blood, battles, kings, queens, Saxons, Danes, love, sorrow, humor and lots of The Unexpected. And history. Real history. David Dawson deserves award after award for his portrayal of King Alfred, Alexander Dreymon, besides being quite breathtakingly hunky, has perfected the conflicted warrior-hero, Harry McIntire - well, you just gotta watch. The entire cast simply excels at their craft.<br/><br/>Netflix signed on for Season 4 - and for good reason. You won't be disappointed with The Last Kingdon. Destiny is all. Loved this show since series 1, fantastic mix of historically correct detail and fiction played by amazing actors. Its gripping, a must watch! I've heard of the books but have yet to read them. I binged watched the 1st 3 episodes so far, and was surprised that I really liked the adaptation. I've seen other pieces of this period (The Vikings, The Bastard Executioner) recently and liked this much more. I'm sort of glad I didn't read the Cornwell's books before seeing the show, as I did with the Outlander Series. I was constantly comparing the Outlander books to the show and disappointed at times that it was not same as the books which I loved. I'm sure the readers of Bernard Cornwell's books will be doing the same. However, not knowing the original story, I can just judge the show on what I see presented.<br/><br/>So far, I really like the story. I like the acting all the characters are doing a great job. I very much like Alexander Dreymon's portrayal of Uhtred. He brings the character to life. His acting makes me root for the character, and makes me want to see him succeed in gaining his land's back. I also liked Emily Cox portrayal of Brida, Uhtred's strength, I'm curious as to why Uhtred let her go back to the Danes when he obviously loves her. Their story has captured my interest and I'm looking forward to the rest of the episode. My one disappointment, was that I was sorry to see Matthew Macfadyen was only in the 1st episode. I really like Mathew's acting and would of liked to see more of him. But that being said, the casting is brilliant. All the characters seem to fit my impression of who they should be. <br/><br/>BBC does a great job with its historical dramas. I don't think you can go wrong watching this show. I'm glad I've something else I like now that I have to wait for more of the Outlander series. This will do nicely.<br/><br/>Watch out Sam Heughan, Alexander Dreymon has that same sex appeal. Binge watched 3 seasons of TLK.Tbh,i thought that this show will be good.But after some posts in the group, i tried the pilot episode and from there i have binge watched all 3 seasons in just 3 days.<br/><br/>I kinda like and prefer more realistic films/series and that's the reason why i haven't gave TLK a try.But, it is so realistic and I regret it now.It was the best series i have watched in the recent times.<br/><br/>It was fast paced and gripping from the pilot itself.I haven't felt a single low movement in the whole 3 seasons.Mainly, the strong characterization and the guy who played Uthred(Alexander) is just perfect for his role.I like his voice very much.Every single time he says"DESTINY IS ALL", i get goosebumps.And,the whole cast are good.<br/><br/>I loved the relationship between Uthred and Alfred and the way they presented it. Cinematography and editing can't be better.Season 3 was much better technically when compared to 1 and 2.Special mention to the Soundtracks of the series.Ahhh! They are so addictive.<br/><br/>Still can't get over with those characters and the kingdoms (: Let me just say, I'm not one for writing reviews. But for this show, I JUST HAD TO.
What I really appreciate about the movie is the story line. This shows primarily focuses on one character and runs very fluently with his life events. The character development is AMAZING, and NO BAD CGI. (This was one of the reasons why I couldn't watch Game of Thrones. The books were good tho.) Definitely in my top 3 shows. So, 2 years ago I let my husband convince me to watch this show, TLK. I love a battle scence so agreed. A charismatic main character, betrayal, family feud, blood shed and epic battles. I was hooked. What sets this show aside is the talented cast and brilliant writing. The plot is detailed and takes account of each character's development. It becomes just as much about Lord Uhtred as any other character. In fact, my favourite character changes each time I rewatch. Incredible soundtrack adds to the joy. I love that Uhtred Ragnarson is brave, a true warrior and head strong but also flawed. The villains you love to hate and throughout the one liners are witty and quick. Don't miss out. Do yourself a favour - join The Last Kingdom world. Absolutely loved this series, one of those I looked at beforehand and thought I wouldn't like, it looked like another Game of Thrones themed series, along the same lines as Vikings. It's a period in history that I know relatively nothing about, so it's an interesting theme for a drama to explore, I can't comment on the accuracy of the series as I don't know enough about it.<br/><br/>The series looks beautiful, the locations used are utterly tremendous, the cinematography was awesome. Fantastic clothes and make up too.<br/><br/>It's fairly violent in parts, but it's there for a reason, it never seems done unnecessarily, it's there to add to the story.<br/><br/>The acting is fantastic, quite a few big names, none of them last too long it seems, how mean to get shot of Matthew Macfadyen, Jason Flemyng and Rutger Hauer after just a single episode.<br/><br/>Alexander Dreymon is absolutely fantastic in the lead role of Uhtred, he's perfect for the part.<br/><br/>Loved it 9/10 I am a big fan of the books, so I was worried that this would not work for me.<br/><br/>I am not one of the fan boys who expects the on screen version to word for word and scene for scene mimic the exact story line from the novels, so I wasn't raging around my living room when Uhtred's childhood wasn't given 4 episodes to develop. I am only two episodes in and it seems tales from uhtred's childhood are being told, but he is witnessing them as a adult instead, and I can see why, with time constraints, this has been done. If things like this annoy you, then just re read the books, and rant to yourself about how much of a better job you would have done, but nobody would trust you with. <br/><br/>I have spent the last 10 years casting this in my head, who I would get to play the characters, never envisaging a time when it would be made, and I must admit, I am impressed with the casting. I especially think Ubba is spot on. <br/><br/>All in all so far, I am very happy. Things are different, but I can accept that, I think it is going to be excellent, and lets the BBC's budget allows for the full tale to be told through to when Bernard calls a day on Uhthred. One of the best series iv enjoyed watching on tv and netflix, this is deffinately up there wth Game of Thrones in my opinion, soundtracks and visuals along with the story is incredible i cant believe it doesnt have a bigger audience! Cant fault this anywhere at all wether its 100% or not its a beautiful story line, cant wait for season 4! This is an incredible adventure back in time to the late 900's, to the days of the Saxons and the Danes and King Alfreds vision of a united England, all seen through the eyes of Uhtred Ragnason, a Saxon who was raised by Danes. It is an epic piece, full of grand hero's and vengeful villains, kings and ethlings, curses and cures, beautiful princess's and bloody sorceress's, brutal battles and secret betrayals, all under the watchful eyes of the Gods. This series is better then Vikings, The Crown, Romans, Henry the VIII, Victoria, Outlander, or any of the other historical fiction period pieces. It is second only to the Game of Thrones. The acting is excellent, the writing superb, and the plot twists and turns unpredictably. Season 3 was my favorite season of them all and one of the best seasons of any show, ever, period. There wasn't one moment that I found myself bored or uninterested. I couldn't take my eyes off it. I liked it so much that I wrote this, my first review, ever. Watch it. Do not deny yourself from a journey back in time. It's a must see. And if they don't make a season 4 and hopefully a season 5 and 6, well it would be a tragedy along the lines of, well losing England to the Danes and denying Alfred his dream of a United England. Destiny is All! Uhtred is a young boy who lives a quite life in a small village, But his life is turned upside down when Vikings descend upon the village walls, His brother who is tasked with scouting ahead is beheaded and his father marches to war and he is told he must stay behind with his uncle, As he is heir to the throne. However the boy is somewhat like his father, Stubborn and filled with rage. He defies orders and races after his father. <br/><br/>I have to say, When I started this show I didn't know what to expect, To say I was surprised, Would be an understatement. The show is not afraid to push the boundaries of violence. The storyline seems to progress a lot faster then common shows. I am not saying that it is a bad aspect, On the contrary I quite liked the pace of the show, There wasn't a dull moment. This show might be fairly new, But I have a feeling it will be the next Vikings(2013).<br/><br/>Grade: A- For a medieval adventure, The Last Kingdom moves at a strikingly fast pace with unhinged ferocity and undiplomatic cultural clash. Audience might be familiar with The Vikings and it does have similar characters. Both series sets in the same timeline and world, but this one is told from the perspective of an England boy. This is a fresh rendition of epic saga that creates solid characters in highly perilous time, relying less on stylish ambiance and more on gritty dusty violence.<br/><br/>Uhtred, son of Uhtred, is a boy meant to inherit an earldom. Then a series of unfortunate events carries him from luxurious to eventual warrior life. All of which happen in far greater pace than most television series. It introduces characters and sends them off to whatever fate tomorrow may hold for them, it has no place and time for wallowing.<br/><br/>Admittedly, this grants a much cinematic presentation, it also keeps the plot and characters very well refined. Script presents just the right amount of bantering for the personalities to be identifiable, establishing the relationship without wasting a moment. As its peers have done, it also brings skirmishes and brutality. Action is straightforward mayhem, grounded in presentably realistic warfare of the time. There's no shortage of carnage or blood here.<br/><br/>However, it might encounter a few issues later on. The transition could feel too brief, audience barely has enough time to invest before it shifts the plot pretty significantly. While it doesn't gloss over details, some subplots could've been more thorough. There are plenty of characters passing by even in span of one episode, that it simply has no time to cover them all and this rapid pace might not match runtime of a series.<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom is an intriguing epic tale. Granted, comparison could be made with Game of Thrones or The Vikings, be it a blessing or a curse, but it's strong enough to stand on its own and definitely a worthy foray to another medieval realm. Another BBC series hit! I am a big fan of Vikings, and am therefore suspicious of all imitations. But I must say that I am loving this show! The atmosphere and backdrop have a very authentic feel and the acting is superb. My favorites characters of this series are Uhtred and King Alfred. Uhtred's identity dilemma and King Alfred's presence as a wise and noble king are captivating. Their chemistry with each other creates a very interesting drama as they go back and forth with each other. As good as the characters and writing are, it is the acting that breath life into both. Make it part of your weekly viewing and you'll be rewarded. Well done! When I watched the first episodes I thought it is just a cheaper knock off of Vikings. Not even filmed in England. But after a couple of episodes I was hooked by the story. The story is everything. Majority of the new shows nowadays are so predictable and boring when they try to make historical stories about todays society and values as if they where the same historically. They just use the historical stories or events as a background to "educate" people on todays society and its problems.
This show (or Vikings for that matter) isnt about that. They concentrate to tell a story to entertain. That is what makes shows like this so great. I have watched seasons one and two twice and let me just say the series has kept me captivated from the very beginning. Each character has a story and the acting is superb. I could not wait for season three to start back as I wondered if it could possibly match up to the previous seasons. Season three is as good if not better than before.I love ALL of the characters and they feed off each other so well. The Last Kingdom should be nominated for best series currently on any TV service provider. Netflix did well with this one! By the way I am watching The Vikings on the History channel as well and I must say......The Last Kingdom holds my full attention. An Excellent portrayal of an era that was so bloody & required so much Strength - so here you see the true Warriors that have built our lands today - They gave so much to be True & to be Free so how can anyone dis-respect their Battles !!!!!! <br/><br/>The Last K|nGDoM is an Epic portrayal of what life was like in the 800/900 when Warriors were the real Warriors & that they gave us so much to build on & yes the Last K|nGDoM is the most awesome series i have ever watched<br/><br/>My Respects A|ways to the fearless Warriors of our time<br/><br/>This Series is an Awesome portrayal of life so long ago & Alexander was so Great in this Series - Alexander you portray a True Warrior - An Epic Acting from all :)<br/><br/>The Best Series of filming i have ever seen xxxx<br/><br/>Deborah I can't wait for the season 4. The casting is superb. I have probably never seen anyone of the actors but they are all great, from the leads to the smallest roles. Nice, they cast the actors from all over Europe to show Northern peoeples. The ascetic atmosphere, visual accuracy, the depiction of the medieval England is absolutely fantastic. This is my best "Viking" show ever. I am not sure how far it is historically accurate, but as far as Uthred was not mentioned in Alfre'd story... I take it all. The characters are so deep and well written and contrary to any other shows, the actors "age" with time going, which is quite surprising. Wonderful. I have never done a review on IMDB but this show deserved my first. Rarely does a show, or movie, or any kind of cinema stir me the way this show does. It will hurt you, make you cry; you will laugh and cheer at Uhtred and his companions. You will sneer and cringe at Uhtred's enemies. You will ask 'Why, Lord?' And say 'Yes, Lord!' and then when it is over you will watch it again. All in all, phenomenal show and worth every single moment! Each season is better than the previous! I absolutely loved season 4. The story lines were fantastic and had the audience on several emotional roller coaster rides. I couldn't turn the tv off and blitzed the in 2 days! Please make season 5! Didn't think I'd ever watch a viking film till I watched the last kingdom omg what a show I've Watched the 4 season 3 times can't wait for season 5 Let me start with a warning : the show has improved over the time , those who are watching the first season might be disheartened a bit but have patience , post season 2 , things will start looking grandeur but the story needs telling from season 1 .<br/><br/>I liked :
1. Focussed on Central Character " Uthred " the saviour .
2. People( Important characters ) don't die that often
3. At end of every season , one can say that it ended on a happy note .
4. The journey from impulsive to intelligent warrior is clearly evident as season matures .
5. Less focus on Gory prosthetics , lusty encounters rather complete focus on story<br/><br/>Things that might not work :
1. Sometimes the consequences are predictable .
2. Almost entire cast is kind of new so will take time to connect . I love Viking sagas and I chose to watch Tha Lat Kingdom without knowing much about it. I will begin by saying that this has been the most satisfying viewing experience I've had in many, many years. The acting is superb! The sets are magnificent and I felt myself being transported to medieval england. I don't want to spoil the show for anyone so I invite everyone that reads this review to watch what I consider the greatest historical drama I have ever seen. It is up there with Bamd of Brothers and Roots. I just want to mention that this show has many gripping moments but none greater than Uthreds final meeting with King Alfred. The acting was such that I felt as If I were witness to an actual interaction between two real men. I don't know how else to say it. I was touched and emotional as I watched the exchange between this two formidable yet flawed men. It is something that will stay with me for a long time. Again, I encourage everyone to give this incredible epic a chance.
Thank you all The Last Kingdom is the best show going right now. It's Game Of Thrones level quality, it deserves so much more attention than it seems to get. With people stuck inside I'm sure this will be it's time to shine! One of the best shows I have ever seen. Top ten easily. I have not been this captured by a show since the first 6 seasons of GoT. This is one of Netflix's best. The performances by all the principle actors is phenomenal and the fight choreography is fantastic in every episode. In many shows you feel fatigued by later seasons because you feel as though it's run it's course. The last kingdom is the opposite. Whenever I feel like they've tied up loose ends and run out of plot, the writers go ahead and create amazing new characters and story that gets me wanting more and more. Each episode feels like a medieval epic and I'm left on the edge my seat when the credits start rolling. Keep renewing this show! I truly can't get enough One of the most underrated TV shows, yet one of the best. The storyline, actors, sets, all is just unbelievable. Congratulations to Netflix, a 10 on my list, definitely. I started this show just for curiosity. Initial thought were lower version of GoT and other historical greats series. I was wrong. This show just opens up on you. You start to like the characters so much. Uhtred, Brida, Leofric, Ragnar. The mystery of Queen Iseult, Ferocious Ubba, loyal Halig, Back biting young Odda, vulnerable Guthred and the list goes on and on...<br/><br/>I am on season 2 and can't takes eyes off. It is absolutely brilliant. The storyline the performances the effects absolutely brilIiant. The background sound is so adept. It has captured history in such a nice way and shown it at a slow pace.<br/><br/>Really great show... I love emotions, loves between characters, very brilliant work of All team members of this Drama,
Most love between Uhtred and Aethelflaed, both chemistry mesmerized me.
anxiously waiting for new Season 5, A profound work. Thanks to those who brought Uhtred's character and the fabulous series to light. Every character was as effeciently as beautifully portrayed to the audiance, starting from King Alfred, Biocca, Ragner..ect. Such a valuable character of Uhtred that seems to be one of a kind during these times. Can someone give them a bigger budget ??????
This show is amazing. The character development throughout all the seasons are well put together and Non-Stop action and thrills. This is such a great show, I am in love with all the characters including the enemies as well. Great acting and heart felt moments. Please keep this show running and great writing. Loving the sarcastic and funny moments as well, well put, well done Most people, including myself - LOVE IT! Personally, I think Season 3 is the best, but I may feel that way, just because I've waited so long for it. I can't wait for Season 4.<br/><br/>I've read a several reviews referencing the books which I didn't know existed. I'll be reading those as soon as possible.<br/><br/>I'm glad that annoying guy got what was coming to him in Season 3. I won't say which annoying guy. Brilliant loving this please let us not wait as long for series 4 think it is far better than the Vikings which gets so much hype and the Game of thrones From GOt and Now TLK!
From Jon Snow and now Uhtred Son of Uhtred, Uhtred Ragnason.<br/><br/>finished watching Season 4 can't wait to Season 5 and more! Please!!! In the last 2-3 years i've seen lots and lots of shows, but man, this one comes down to the top 3 shows of all time. The characters and the actions are well developed, the landscapes are amazing, the dialogue is also incredible. Everything is just outstanding and introduces the viewer in the period which the show represents. I'm so happy i gave it a shot and I want it so badly to continue for at least a couple more seasons. Oh, if only more series would be as good as this one, but unfortunately it's really hard theses days for a show to stand out, considering how many there are out there. So all I can really say is The Last Kingdom is a masterpiece so far and it really should be continued. Well done with the casting and the director is really good. When the first season of this show came out, little did I know in these times ruled by GOT or Vikings that this low key fictional adventure in medieval ages would grow that much and become in my eyes the best on the market. Damn, I even had trouble getting past the first few episodes, which felt like a Vikings rip off.<br/><br/>This show particularly shines with the story and the characters (cast is handpicked perfectly), and will often surprise you. Contrary to GOT that always tries to surprise in a spectacular way (from bloody weddings to crazy rulers and resurrected characters), to the point of discarding any common sense in the last season, this show is about life and its hardships and I found that way deeper, tougher, sadder.<br/><br/>Coming from a series of books set in the the time of Alfred the Great and the Danes invasions this show follows the life of Uthred, a Saxon raised by Vikings and acted by an impressive Alexander Dreymon.
Many times this show will challenge his faith, test his political beliefs and his courage, and will make him go through impressive character development.<br/><br/>I am in for any other seasons they have in store. I won't post any spoilers but I will say I'm going to be extremely disappointed if they don't make a 5th season.<br/><br/>The characters that they have created are all unique and interesting- even when they kill off a main character and add a new one. The story still works and is a good one. I'd say amazing but I don't need to.<br/><br/>I'm a 26 year old man and this show has brought tears to my eyes on different occasions. When I'm watching this show, I feel like I am Uhtred and I want to see him succeed as bad as I want to succeed in my own life. No other show in history has made me feel this way. I run around the house screaming " I AM UHTRED SON OF UHTRED" to the point that my fiancé now calls me uhtred.<br/><br/>The passion that the writers for this show have is obvious. Nothing is forced. Even if you can guess where the plot is going, they still surprise you with amazing writing and don't get me started on the acting-amazing.<br/><br/>Everyone that is a part of this show is amazing and has given me hope for the future-that people in the industry still care about building a great story.<br/><br/>I hope this series goes on to have 10 seasons. I will be reading all of the books now.<br/><br/>Thank you Bernard Cornwall. I'll admit I've read just about everything Bernard Cornwell has ever written, and thoroughly enjoyed the premiere. After slogging through the Bastard Executioner, this series is refreshingly straight forward. Some high points: The depiction of a shield wall was awesome, Ravn is perfectly cast, uhtred as a child was great, the opening credits . Not sure about: How the casting of adult Uhtred will pan out, would be nice to see some development of Brida's character, how much plot can be crammed into each episode? I'm a bit disappointed that so much of the plot was condensed into episode one. Those unfamiliar with Cornwell's work might not enjoy the series quite as much. What a great show, I loved Vikings and still do but this is just as good if not better. So glad I stumbled on this during a rainy day. The only bad part of it is I sometimes get the players confused between the two shows. I can not wait for season 4. Long awaited season 3!!! Just as brilliant as the books and ten X more entertaining!!! Geniales actuaciones, genial guión, geniales locaciones, UNA TREMENDA SERIE, qué la vi en 4 días y me alivió la cuarentena !!!!!!! The Last Kingdom has a strong plot and exciting action scenes that inspire emotion an captivates viewers. I highly recommend this series. Alfred (David Dawson) as the king and uthred (Alexander Dreymon) as warrior are destined to be on this series. Season 2 Episode 3 is a gem! Uthred mativating halig and others in this episode relates to every day struggle of millions in day to day life. I appreciate the way the creator of this episode has shown the resistance and the persistent hope of a better future. Just when a season is over you think how can the next be better than this one... Well it is! Every season is just as exciting as the first. I really hope there's a season 5. Love the crew, btw check out "The last Kingdoms Podcast" you will fall in love with the actors even more. Wow! What am amazing seiries...Hi highly recommend watching this, it truly is the best medieval time show period...My only sadness is that its over and Im hoping for a season 5. I hope it will continue from years to come...Well done!!! Absolutely captivated by this show. It has everything from great battle scenes to political games. It is as entertaining as Game or Thrones or Vikings. Have binged all four seasons in a week. Could had easely continued and now I am so sad that there is a long wait until season 5 arrives. Please Netflix let this story continue 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 I absolutely love this show I rewatch it every single day and can't wait for more seasons to come it is my favorite thing to watch on Netflix. Surely one of the best series I've ever watched in my whole life. The best thing about it is that I wasn't expecting anything near 8 of 10 rating and then I was like "how the hell is this series not on the top of any recommendations. Great twist and plot. The forming of the events and the execution of the battles is Spectacular. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Great story, great characters. Perfect all around. I cannot remember the last time I watched a series as captivating as this. Myself and the wife are hooked on it and watch between one and three episodes every night. It is so down to earth and real. Nothing is held back or diluted to protect the viewer's feelings. Just true gritty and gruesome action that draws you right in. We are at the end of series 4 and I really hope it continues to a fifth season and beyond. This is simply my favourite series. Undeniably it it blows Game of thrones out of the water. Very well made, packed with action of all kinds but historically interesting as well. I'm now about to start on the Saxon story books that it's loosely based on.<br/><br/>I have never binged, then re-watched a series so fast, roll on #5!!! This show is the absolute best, I binged watched season 1-3 again before season 4 as it was a big break in between and didn't want to miss anything and loved it all over again. It's NEVER boring and I haven't found anything like it except for Vikings. I would looovveee to see a season 5!!!! I didn't think I would enjoy this but boy was I wrong. Definitely one of or maybe my top favorite series. Must watch! Cant wait for the new season! Amazing amazing amazing.... The period recreation, the tone, the performances, the memorable characters... So entertaining,deserves much greater recognition than it has. One of my favourite shows recently, highly recommended, waiting eagerly for season 5. Season 1-3 is just amazing! Every episode leaves you wanting to watch the next one not knowing what will happen. The acting, filming and storyline is so good! My mom and I watched this thinking nothing of it. Within half way through the first episode we were hooked wanting to watch more. The blood and fighting didn't bother us so much as we thought it would.<br/><br/>We fell in love with Uthred. This show wouldn't be something we normally would watch but I am so happy we gave it a shot. I've read other reviews how Uthred is predictable? Yes a little bit but hey it's a good storyline regardless. Season 4 was still good but not like season 3. I wouldn't say it sucked. Season 4 episodes weren't much of a shocker as season 1-3. Can't wait for season 5!!!<br/><br/>The show deserves way more attention than what it's given. I would compare it game of thrones level (even though game of thrones ending sucked). Give it a try! There is certainly enough left in Bernard Cromwell's books to complete a Season 5 and 6 of this glorious piece of entertainment....and if you ask me, slow the years' progression down a bit and make it an 8 season run. Then you can quit. I also think 10 episodes doesn't cure the "Jones-ing" for fans. Make it at least 15 espisodes next season. Hands down the best TV show on any platform. I've been hooked since Season 1 Episode 1. No one talks about this show and I don't know why. Great acting, great action. IMO it's better than GoT(even before Season 8) Binge watched season 4 was just amazing from start to finish. I'm always recommending this to family and friends to watch. I would definetly love a season 5 would be great watch seeing Uhtred get back what is rightfully his Babbenburg. This is the best show for 2020!! So far this one is my favorite show . Learned a lot about british history and of its countries !
Absolutely fascinating and the actors and actresses did portrait well their characters ! Well done ! Love this show, must watch.
Interesting from beginning to the end. Outstanding series with strong characters and storyline. Alexander Dreymon is an excellent actor who has completely immersed himself in the role. Supported by very strong actors from seasons 1-4. All to be congratulated including the writers, director, producers, stuntmen and women and all involved. You have all contributed to an amazing, capturing and exciting series. Congratulations! We are awaiting with anticipation of a 5th season! So well done! You can tell when a series comes from a book/books because it is so well plotted. The sets and the acting truly take you back in time. A great way to escape reality!<br/><br/>I can only hope for a Season 5! More please, Netflix! I love the story, the battles, the history, the actors and actresses. It's an amazing show. I cannot fault this series. 10/10. Characters are perfect. One of the best shows around. One of my favorite shows on Netflix need more series I love this movie i really really really liked
The best movie a see ever Great storyline, great cast, great filming!! Amazing!❤❤❤❤❤ This show is great!! The acting is great and the writing is great. Has everything you want from a great story line to characters that you absolutely hate but understand. I personally love how they show people closest to the King or Leaders always trying to take power. There is a lot of Plot armor(people who probably would die in battle). That's in every show though. If you are reading this and haven't watched it or starting Season 1. Just keep going. it gets way better. Excellent interpretations and plot!Stupid or weak kings who take the glory due to the »invisible »heroes.Welcome to medieval ages!
Intrigues,lies,murders,injustice and a blind religion because priests and people are not educated properly to think and criticize.A very good chance to learn a few things about the history of England and the life during the dark medieval era. Best serie ever, the story is cool and the character are amazing. I hope a season 5 ans more. By far my most favorite show, loved the books and this show do them justice, superb acting. There is something about this show that just captivating and won't let go...maybe it's the camaraderie among Uhtred's gang, a sense of humour, beautiful scenery?
Whatever it is, I want at least one more glorious season to top it off. Watched the full seasons three times, and will watch again. Each series as good as the last. Glued to it. Brilliant storyline, amazing actors I watched all 4 seasons within a week. Along with great writing and an excellent cast, the director of photography was amazing. I had never heard of Alex Dreymon but he hooked me.. Must watch everything he's acted in. I read there might be a season 5 by end of 2021... I hope so.... I first found this series flicking around looking for something to watch. I was hooked in episode 1 of season 1. Luckily for me, I didn't find it until two seasons had been released, so I got to binge watch two seasons before having to wait for the third. Then the fourth. Day two after season four was released, I was ready for season five.
The story is compelling, the actors brilliant, the sets great (although I doubt Turkeys existed in ninth century England, even though they can clearly be heard in some episodes). I know the series plays loosely with history, but it's close enough to spark an interest.
The battle scenes are amazing, even though I hate blood and gore, it isn't gratuitous but necessary to demonstrate the pain and waste of battle.<br/><br/>Apart from the joy of watching the show - there are books to read too, and it's amazing to discover how many of your friends and acquaintances are also TLK addicts.<br/><br/>Try saying "Shield Wall" in any sticky situation and see how many people nod in agreement!<br/><br/>Love it, love it, love it, can't wait for season five!! Season 4 was a bit more of a story line than battles but I loved it just the same Had a doubt whether to watch this series or not. But after watching the 1st episode i was addicted to it.
Completed the entire 3 seasons in 3 days.<br/><br/>Alexander Dreymon has given a life to the character of Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
David Dawson potrayal character of King Alfred is also wonderful. I starting watching this on a whim! So glad I did, what a top class programme. Thoroughly enjoyed it and so looking forward to season 4. As the show's own pattern for the past season i personally felt that The Last kingdom gave me another season better than the last.
Unlike last season this one is not a conclusion of an era rather beginning of another.As always uthred ragnarson and lady athelflead outshines their supporting characters and delivers a truly bingeworthy treat.
The show's consistency may bring more fans in future.The more i say the more I may spoil.So let's just say that you won't be disappointed if u are a fan of the storytelling structure of the series so far.
Now the wait for probably a more compelling season (by the looks of conclusion) begins<br/><br/>Verdict : Excellent Best show I've watched this entire quarantine!! I will likely watch it again soon! I can't wait for season 5. The Last Kingdom is an absolutely awesome show that is a must watch! I can not overstate how good this show really is! Every season is just as good as the others, which everyone knows is very rare for a tv show. I've never read the books so I didn't really know what to expect but I'm so glad I started watching this because it's become one of my favorite shows ever! Again, I can't say enough about this show so I'll just say it's an amazing and flat out awesome show and that you won't be disappointed! This is absolutely the most underrated show ever! I am a huge fan since the first episode, even though it is obvious that in the first season the budget was not high. In 2017, when the second season arrived, it has been said that it could be the last. Well done, Netflix, well done!!! For me, even though the second season was the pinnacle, this is a show which anyone must see if likes a good tale. The script, the actor's chemistry, the music and all the environment are outstanding! There is not even one new from marketing to this show and that is bad. Last, but not least, David Dawson and Alexander Dreymon performances are just brilliant! A must see. I started this series about a month ago and am now finishing season 4 for the 2nd time! Its addictive! I believe at the beginning the show was very well-written, but however as seasons proceeded it began to deviate from its original purpose. However, it still contains what we all love, war, drama, intrigue and best of all, our beloved UHTRED. Destiny is all. I am out of words describing how brilliant the story and casts are. This is one of the most underrated TV shows and I really hope that we get Season 5<br/><br/>Destiny is All!!!! This series is incredible, so catching, constantly on edge and always buzzing for the next episode and waiting for the next season I am hoping there are more to come. Didn't think anything could top the first few seasons of Vikings but after watching this I was shockingly suprised. So much detail and storyline plus the actors are amazing. Would recommend to anyone This is fantastic TV, great acting, suspenseful and wonderful production quality.
Just loving it , better than Vikings.
Once you start you can't stop watching, I can't believe how good it is.
And I don't normally watch or enjoy period dramas, but this is something special I think that this is one of the underrated tv-series all of time; If you like Vikings, you have to see this one mandatory; some moments are over Vikings.
The thread of the narrative is from a saxon perspective and is full with characters with which you will empathize.
Enjoy It! Great show.
Every episode will keep you glued.
Watched all 4 seasons in 2 days and must say Alexander Dreymon has done an excellent job with the character of Uhtred.....complete justice.
Eagerly waiting for the next season. I just finish to watch again all series before the 4th season was released. I binge watching all the episodes as it is so captivating. I'm a big fan of historical series and I can say The Last Kingdom is my favourite so far. The actors are just amazing, they are playing so well and you can see their development season by season. This show take you from this modern time and trow you directly in that time and the music is helping a lot doing it. I can't wait now for season 5. Well done to everyone who work on this project. This is a fantastic series and I enjoyed every single episode of the three seasons. The first season is good, the second season is great and the third season is even better. It has excellent writing, actors and production, this is as series that I can only seee getting better and I can't wait for season 4. If you are missing Game or Thrones and in need of some good medieval storytelling then this is the show to watch. I have just binged watch season 3 and 10 episodes are just not enough. You really do want more after it is over. I am hoping they will have a season 4. I love the viking series and this series keeps me happy while waiting for it to come back on. The story telling is good and the characters are well played. This series is one of my favorites. Worth a watch... no need to nitpick it to death..just set back and enjoy it as is, a really good yarn of a story..... If your patient with this show it can be a great watch. season 1 is brilliant, season 2 does start off slow but gets good during the middle and end. If you love game of thrones you'll enjoy this no doubt. I have really enjoyed this drama series. I had little knowledge of the era and found myself scouring the internet to see what actually happened to king Alfred as I was curious. It's not often something peaks my interest so greatly hence the review. I particularly like the way the scenes are shot. The Baron wastelands, the marshes and fields look so cold and dreary you actually feel transported back to the dark ages. There are very few effects so the actors look like they worked hard for their money. I particularly liked the way Alfred was portrayed, flawed but contemplative. The main character is handsome enough without looking like a male model, rugged and fiery but scarred too which made him more interesting. I was really pleased at the inferance of a second series, I have high expectations. Warning: very soft spoilers ahead.
...because in S4 there are lots of moments and actions which are not comprehensible. Such as by a city under siege, the actions of some army-leaders reaches a dumb dimension or some other leaders choose very uncertain ways to kill a major-villain, which doesn't really fit de nature of the attacker. Then we have some moments with great potential of emotional feeling, but unfortunately poorly implementet, such as the death of a lead-character and another of a sub-lead. Over and over it looks like the writers had to compromise due to budget. Cinematography isn't on the same level as S1-3, especially S3.
But its still a great TV-show and we do not know the producer's and writer's cincumstances to realize a solid S4. So netflix please go on for S5 and increase the budget for this great story. For now the series has come to an end. I cannot wait until season 5!
Such a great series and worthy of a binge. At first I didn't expect much from the show, seeing the rather modest rating. But the storyline and direction of season 2, especially the end was absolutely fascinating, with so many jaw dropping moments. The rating of 8.3 does no justice to this amazing show which should be rated at par with the best. Just finished season three after waiting with anticipation!
Simply brilliant!
The actors put forth such emotion and believable portrayals of each character it's hard to believe this is fantasy.
To take England before it was England and show the way people lived and thought is truly breathtaking. Mix that in with the invading Danes, a touch of history, a dash of brilliant wardrobe and scenery and that my friends brings about storytelling at its best!
Alexander Dreymon as the lead character is both sexy and convincing as Uhtred. Big things should follow for this young man.
David Dawson as King Alfred steals scenes without intent his acting is so good. Season three he puts on a performance that at one point made my eyes water up with emotion. I'm now a HUGE fan of this man's work.
Ian Hart is another actor that takes it to the next level, in part the role but also that he is so believable as the Priest we all wish was our friend.
Harry McEntire makes you hate him with a passion and sells the role so well you can't help but admire anyone making you feel the way he does. What a stellar young actor this man is indeed!<br/><br/>Two thumbs up, give it a host of Emmy's, it is all that and a bag of chips! Each season is better than the one prior, and season 3 was by far the best one yet... perfection! Every minute, every scene, every episode were so well done... the fighting scenes, the conniving, back-stabbing treachery scenes, the intimate conversations, so touching... every emotion felt in this season! Loved it, loved it, loved it!!! I passed on starting this series many times. Even though it's right up my alley. But wow, it's very very good. Alexander Dreymon is fantastic in the lead role.<br/><br/>Granted i haven't finished the entire series, but i cannot find a reason to give this show anything under a 10 rating. Very pleasantly surprised. And happy to have a great show to watch again. It's been awhile The Last kingdom Is one of the best TV series I've ever watched. The last episode of season 3 was the best.... It made me cry.... In this series, most of the time, the next episode is unpredictable.... That's what makes this awesome.... I hope Netflix would continue until the dream of Alfred (dream of an England) come true... Love every minute of it . Love the characters and history of it all .Thankyou and I live in Winchester so it so exciting to watch this . Best drama on tv inspiring me to read all of Bernard Cornwells books. Can't wait for Season 4 next week It's always been a bit far-fetched and borderline silly but The Last Kingdom was always very watchable and compelling. That is until the latest series (four), which is absolute dross. Did they sack the real scriptwriters and just let the actors improvise??<br/><br/>If this is the best the can do I hope they don't try to eke it out any longer. For their sakes. This is such an underrated show, it should be promoted much more by Netflix! It can rival any medieval show. Excellent casting, stunning filming locations (Hungary), captivating plot that never gets boring. If you like GOT or Vikings then this show is just it. Matter of fact, I like it better than GOT or Vikings. Got sucked in right away and invested heavily in all the characters. Everything is spot on. It's never over the top, it's just a perfect show. A rare find of a fantastic TV production that stays intriguing with an ever changing plot, we literally could not get enough. It brings life and glory to English history, additionally, the cast is brilliant, every actor is convincing and gives his/her role so much life and emotion, alone the transformation of Aethelwold, from a drunken idiot to a funny outsider you kind of like to a ... well we are not giving that away. Could not find fault in it other than a few deaths of people we would have liked to see longer. Destiny is all! The perfect mix or comedy, romance and action. Netflix needs to make more shows like this. We need a fourth season!! This shows writing is almost flawless, it's super captivating, action packed, alot of intrigue and it's just all around super fun. Incredibly underrated. I love old time Viking/ gods/king's story's.
This show might start off slow but I feel the storyline was well written. In every good story you always have the hero, those that have everything, those that want what they feel is rightfully there's, those seeking acknowledgment. This has them all. You have death, betrayal, pain and suffering. You never really know the true feelings of the king until the end of the 3rd season but once shown it breaks your heart to see that relationship go away. To be a man of honor and to have that questioned by everyone including the queen which I'm sure you'll love to hate. King Albert finds a way to show you in the end that his best friend Uhtred is the only man he truly ever trusted even if everyone told him not to.
Uhtred sacrificed his children, family, women he loved and constantly stood up for his honor because in the end that's all a man has to offer. He also knew not to cross lines, boundaries based off this honor.
Perfectly written and can't wait for the next season to come. This is one of the best shows Netflix has! The books are amazing but the show is better! I have to say this is my all time favorite show and the cast is awesome, this series is so well done and I absolutely love Bernard Cornwell, what a phenomenal writer! I have all his books on audible and they are exceptionally good! If you like period shows then you will love this show, it sucks you into that period and time.. also I absolutely love Rune Temte that plays Ubba and Alexander Dreymon who plays Utred, Emily Cox, Eliza Butterworth are also fantastic, I would like to thank Bernard Cornwell for bringing this awesome story to life! You must watch, you will not be disappointed! I only hope that BBCAMERICA will continue this series into all the sagas, that would be great! I never even heard or see any promotion about this series at all. Thanks to Netflix recommendations. It's one of the best series on Netflix. From the beginning to end of the season 4. Has action filled, lots of sword fighting, and drama. Love the theme song too. Give me the chills every time I hear it. It has a little bit of root of history to it. The most underrated show. Superb characters especially Alexander Dreymon as Uhtred. I can't get enough. Been watching it again like 3x already. Please we need TLK season 5! Found this on accident on Netflix - best mistake ever. This show has a great story line, wonderful actors, realistic scenery, and the best fighting scenes. It takes place in the 500s in pre-England. The show largely focuses on the ongoing battle between the Saxons and the Danes (Viking warriors) The main character , Uhtred, was born a Saxon and was set to inherit his father's land. But when his dad was killed in a battle against a newly landed Danish army, Uhtred was captured by this army as a slave. Still a child, Uhtred was adopted by a Danish warrior and treated as family. He found much happiness with the Danes. This ended one day when Uhtred was grown and his entire Danish family was murdered. The rest of the Danes viewed Uhtred with suspicion and did not accept him, and he was forced to choose between the life of a Saxon and the life of a Dane. So the series was doing good, and renewed another season after season 3. And then boom, the producers decided to get the whole new team of writers to make craps out of history, and bring a women revolution into the 10th century? Why, why, why? Obviously the producers are trying to replace the 10 star reviews by 5 stars or less. Well, I'm giving an 8 right now, but the closer I finish season 4, the closer I'd get to a lower rating, it looks like. I'm been watching it since season 1. It's amazing.
Love Uthred's voice and the companionship of his gang. Best show I have watched in a long time
Once you see a episode you are hooked
I am glad I watched it cannot wait for another season!! So much can be said about The Last Kingdom.
So well written, the actors are all spot on. The sets amazing. I can only wish that the writers can provide well written material for at least another 10 seasons. Destiny is all! Laughable scenes of season 4:
<ul><li>Dane female stands at gates of Winchester breathing in heavy smoke with laughable invincibility as all men around her cough, heave, puke and retreat from ramparts</li><li>Aesthefled at front lines while gates of Winchester break open welding a heavy sword against massive Dane men primed and bred for war</li><li>Reada the Dane "suffers" in torture by sitting in a pit for one episode, urinated upon, starved and given no water... somehow forgets love for family and ultimately hates Uterhed enough to want to destroy him... all while still carrying baby and of course... able to kill any men that stand in her way (5'2 at 110lbs vs 6ft 250lbs)</li><li>Weak whiny baby king of Wessex unable to ever take advice except from when the wrong people... oh wait, utrehed who has won pleanty of battles for you... that's right let's ignore him and hate him at all costs while making scowls</li><li>Utrehed the great trades battle cries for real cries. Must have been the haircut he got from the barber in the 9th century carrying a 0 length hair buzzer (his fade wasn't the right aesthetic for TikTok)</li></ul><br/><br/>I gave the show a 9/10 for the first 3 seasons when it was about the grit and warriors. Season 4 went the way of the woke. Must give invincible freedom to women that never existed during those times while making men cry babies that can't seem to do anything at all on their own. Fiction rewriting history for the kids who won't ever read books. The Last Kingdom is a thrillingly awesome and suspenseful TV show. After each episode it makes me just want more of it. There is always thrills and amazing things going on throughout the TV show. Ultimately I would say this has an amazing storyline and I just can't get enough of it. The Last Kingdom is my personal favorite show of all time. Set during the invasion of the Great Heathen Army and its aftermath, it follows Uhtred, a warrior born as a Saxon but raised as a Dane, as he treads the line between the warring factions while going after his own stolen birthright. It's also based on the Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell and follows the storyline quite faithfully by most accounts, though I haven't read the books (I can't get through a Cornwell book without being bored to tears).<br/><br/>Gratefully, The Last Kingdom is far from boring. It treads many years of political strife, the rise and fall of many well-developed characters of all moral persuasions, and showcases many heart-pounding battles with historical relevance. The culture of both Saxons and Danes is highlighted here, as is the era's Christian influence and Norse mythology. Never before have I been so immersed in any show, let alone one with a historical context; every time I binged episodes I found it hard to get into anything else. Aiding this immersion is a tear-inducing soundtrack, characters you learn to love, gorgeous vistas, and a sense that you've been uprooted and transported to a vastly different time.<br/><br/>Let me double down on the "great characters" bit for a minute: the characters here are what differentiates The Last Kingdom from many shows that try and fail to reach its heights. I could be here all day listing characters and why they're enticing, but I'll settle for this: Uhtred is a tragic hero that is also a puzzle, Brida's character arc is as full of rises and falls as she is of powerful warrior moments, Aethelwold is the sneakiest snake that ever sneaked and was a joy to love (or hate), Alfred the Great (played to perfection by David Dawson) is an intriguing yet troubling juxtaposition of kindness and betrayal, and each and every antagonist of the series is interesting, even if they don't last very long (Haesten, Aethelred, Cnut, Skade, Erik, Bloodhair, the list goes on). The Last Kingdom is notorious at killing off its characters, but it develops them so well that with each death the viewer feels either grief or the sense of the end of an intriguing era. This show is simply magic.<br/><br/>My only criticisms of the show are nitpicky. At times it's obvious they use a filter to darken scenes with a gray-blue tint because natural lighting didn't fit the mood. Some fighting scenes were filmed in such a way that it's hard to grasp what's happening (usually during the large-scale battles involving clashing armies). However, this lasts for a few seconds out of the occasional episode, so it's not an issue. Another reviewer mentioned how frustrating it is that Uhtred is constantly treated horribly by the people he tries to aid and ally with, and I agree it can get frustrating. But without conflict, the show wouldn't just be boring, it wouldn't exist at all.<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom is a masterpiece of historical fiction that all lovers of history owe it to themselves to try. Many have likened it to Game of Thrones despite the genre difference because of its nasty game of politics, but the difference here is that The Last Kingdom keeps its quality consistent throughout its seasons. As old characters die off, those who have been rising in the background take center stage until the cycle begins anew. Watching this show feels like a journey because its plotline continues to develop in new and intriguing ways, mercilessly pulling its transformative cast along with it. Netflix, thank you for bringing this show back for a third and fourth season, but Uhtred's story is not over. You are lucky to have such a show under your control; don't drop it.<br/><br/>Amazing show, and the only one I can in good faith give a 10/10. Please support it! Beautifully played by all cast members. The Sets are well made and so are the stunts.The scenery is spectacular and the horse riding footage makes you feel like you right there with them . It so good by the time you'll finish all the episodes, you'll want to re-watch, never gets old. I actually like the show better than the books and that's rare. The casting to the writing is just perfect. I find this better than Vikings. I watched all 3 seasons in 12 days. The only time I've had so much fun watching a series was when I found Game of Thrones. But I've never seen a tv series where 95% of episodes were just absolutely briliant from start to finish with 0 dull dialogues, 0 wasted time.
Love everything about this show. Well done. Bravo! They show does not get the respect it deserves it's better than Vikings a must watch I've noticed that there have been a lot of Medieval/Vikings shows lately. Vikings, The Bastard Executioner, and The Last Kingdom are just a few examples of the well known ones. This first episode really convinced me that this show will be worth watching. The story telling and development was alright for the most part, if anything it might have paced along too fast for me. To lose 2 important historical characters like that straight out the gate really left me a little concerned for the story-line later on. I don't think that this show will follow the historical timelines to a T, but it will have some relevant moments.<br/><br/>Last Kingdom takes place in 9th century England during a time of conflict between the Danish Vikings and England. The first episode really sets up the background story for the main character that we will be following along with. They skipped through large periods of his life from when he was a little boy to early adulthood to show you his beginnings. I thought this show was going to focus mainly on Ragnar Lothbrok because of the timeline and Vikings invasion, but I was wrong. I think it is better that they went with this route because Vikings already has their foothold in that area. At this point in development, they can do whatever they want with the storyline and I think that's a good thing. Can't wait to see what they bring in the future. A great adaption of an incredible book series.<br/><br/>The show does a magnificent job of bringing the world and characters to life. Amazing sets, music and actors with a great chemistry really make you feel like you're in 9th century Britain whilst watching!<br/><br/>Just finished season 4 and it feels like it's set-up for a couple more seasons to come. I really hope for a season 5.<br/><br/>Destiny is all! This Netflix show is brilliant. The cast, directing, writing are all very good. If you are wondering whether to watch this show or not, watch it. The Last Kingdom is one of my favorite shows. It is also one of the few shows that gets better with each season. This show is amazing. Very rare do you have a series where every episode is good. There's no lull in any of the episodes. Way better than Vikings or Game of Thrones.. Love this show. No idea if it's historically accurate, it goes back a bit further than the usual tales of England. But it is abstolutely cracking.<br/><br/>It's better written and acted than most of the dross that's offered up. It doesn't have the budget of a Game of Thrones, but the action is good, and since it doesn't have dragons (a good thing) it doesn't need expensive special effects.<br/><br/>It could do with a bit more nudity, cos I like that kind of thing. Otherwise, totally recommended. I have watched and re watched!! Excellent cast and story! May I say better than GOT! And Vikings! I can definitely see a big future for this show. A lot of action an good story behind it. 10/10 This is one of the best series I've ever watched. One episode is like watching an entire season of Game of Thrones. The series moves so quickly but does a really nice job at character development and just enough plot detail. **No spoilers but hints towards series' direction and production value**<br/><br/>Season 1 seems to be a little lackluster; whether it's due to finding its true identity, developing the characters or simply due to budget, it didn't pull me in from the start. In season 2, you start to notice the acting noticeably notch its way up in ranks, but still, with noticeable struggle in both the main characters roles and some of the cinematic quality. By no means is this show a 10/10 during its first two seasons, but more like a 7/10.<br/><br/>In season 3, upon partnership and acquisition with Netflix, the show REALLY takes off. It's almost night and day in terms of cinematic value and overall acting performance, namely from lead role character, Alexander Dreymon (Uhtred). The show begins to have the perfect blend of main and secondary character development blend in so eloquently, just as other major TV series hits seem to do. David Dawson, however, steals the show for the first few seasons, and paves the way for other actors to meet him on the track. His representation and acting's unmatched for the early part in the series, and continues to impress throughout. In season 3, he gives one of the best king-like acting performances that I've personally ever seen. His portrayal of being a king immersed in religious culture, yet battling with everyday moral dilemmas, is really something to behold.<br/><br/>Swedish director, Erik Leijonborg, takes control of the director role of the series in season 3, and I've never seen a show take such a huge leap in production value in my life. Erik definitely commands the cinematic appeal that's similar to, but not copycatting, the likes of Vikings.<br/><br/>My advice to you's to take your time during the first two seasons because you will binge season 3.<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom is a show that could, in my opinion, easily last well into 6-7 seasons now that it's found its identity with the Netflix acquisition. I look forward to seeing more from Lord Uhtred! Excellent show and strong actors, drama in every episode, highly recommend the best show on right now Attempts have been made to persuade me to watch this for ages ..... I resisted I don't usually enjoy the choices presented. However on a whim, one day I started to watch. It is the best series that I have watched for an age. The locations, the cinematography, the countryside, the sets, the costumes, the dialogue, the humour, the pace of action, the acting, the story etc etc and that is without the fantastic portrayals by the actors. I cannot say there is one anywhere who is not totally believable as the character they play. All I can add is what an idiot I was for not watching it before now! Roll on Season 5 please...... This show is incredible. It ranks up there with the Vikings, and in its own way, better than. I cannot believe this show hasn't racked up the awards. If you enjoy period pieces - the saga of Utrid and the birth of England is a do not miss.
Season 4 binged - ready for more! My favorite series of all time - due to the outstanding acting of everyone in the cast, the tight and compelling storylines, and the historically-researched and gorgeous sets and costumes. Reading some of the negative comments towards this show is hilarious.<br/><br/>This is a great show with fantastic characters. Not quite as good as Vikings but it is very good. If you love the Vikings/Saxon period of English history, this is a show for you. It doesn't stick strictly to the history but why should it? This series has kept me wanting to watch over and over. I hate when an episode ends, it's that good. The scenery, and acting are phenomenal. I look forward to more seasons! This series will not disappoint you. It is not based on cheesy plot twists or cliff hangers. Good writing, good cast and very satisfying to watch! Season 1 to season 3 in one week only. Acting dialogues costumes sets everything excellent. Screenplay is also excellent. Specially season 3 episode 9, i have seen it for 5 times till now dont know how many times more. Always rated this show after seeing the first couple of series on the BBC2. Hadn't realised Netflix had made a third. Splendid. Watching this on Netflix, great acting great mix of English and Scandinavian actors..another great show ..keep it coming!! The best series on Netflix..most def has handsome men and beautiful ladies..packed with battles and excitement..some romance..King Alfred aka David Dawson is amazing..Alexander Dreymon is outstanding<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
The Best series on netflix! Outstanding actors, handsome men and beautiful ladies, I'm sure there are a plenty of reviews of the show and historical accuracy, but I really do appreciate that the show presents the old town name and the modern city name. Splendid!!! My son said that I would like this series since I love Vikings. He was right!
Watched all 3 seasons within 2 days...so addicting. Needed to see what would happen next. I want more! His story can't end here. This is one of my favorite shows. I love it, I love the history, the story, the characters, the actors, It can be brutal in the battles and then get so emotional on a human level. I am not through season 3 yet that's why I can not judge (although I am sure I'll be loving it), but the first 2 seasons, especially season 2 got me through all sorts of emotions. I did shed a tear or two.
I can honestly say that in my opinion it is better than Vikings, especially Vikings without Ragnar and Rollo.
The books are great too (unfortunately I have read only the first 2 so far). G.R.R.Martin has said that Bernard Cornwell writes some of the best battle scenes, so... The Last Kingdom might not be GoT, but in my list, it follows close after. I really can't say why Early Middle Ages have so much charme (I have my own theory of course but I will keep it for myself because I don't want to bore you to deathÂ…) but they have, just like Bronze Age.<br/><br/>Thus any story set in those times catches the attention. And the present one makes no exception. As stated above, I didn't read the books but my impression is that the story wasn't particularly original or intriguing. There are fightings, however, loves, deaths, Danes (Vikings), treacheries and a hint of magic: more than enough to mesmerize me before the telly and entertain. <br/><br/>I guess that many people will like it, just like I did. The best way to describe The Last Kingdom is that it is just a flat out awesome show! I've never read the books so I didn't really know what to expect but I'm so glad I started watching it because it's become one of my favorite shows ever! I really can not overstate just how good this show really is! Every season is just as good as the others, which everyone knows is very rare for a tv show. There really isn't much more I can say about this incredible show that hasn't already been said so just go watch it! Why is not this show more advertised? It is far way better than G.o.T, it is excelently written, beautifully produced, and the best of all: IT ALL ACTUALLY HAPENED! It is based in history, beautifuly told by a fictional character. It is actually brilliant! What a surprise. Did not expect this to be that good. I thought about it quite a time and I could not see how a historical series could get any better. I am really picky, bit here I was loss for something to critisize Absolutely by far the BEST show I've ever watched! Even though this is an Historical series chocked full of fighting and gore, it is so much more than that. It portrays Hope in a manner that uplifts the downcast to keep going when EVERYTHING looks grim. It shows Love as the greatest gift you can ever give and receive. All throughout each episode resonates that Friendship is vital to us in this hard life, so hold tight to it. Although it's a controversial subject, Faith in God is a common thread that keeps us grounded in Love and Hope. I highly recommend to give this show a chance and I'd dare say you won't regret it!
R. Carter I don't know even from where to start with The Last Kingdom.. Hooked from the very first episode.. Couldn't get enough of it.. LOVED IT! Fantastic crew and cast.. Can't wait for the confirmation of Season 5..please don't make us wait for too long.. Season 1 was really good, very nice buildups good pacing of the story.
Season2 i believe is better than season 1, a bit better interactions between the main characters and way better pacing. Fightscenes improved.<br/><br/>The one thing that brings me down from a 10 is the a bit nera the end of season 2.<br/><br/>Spoiler.<br/><br/>Clapa should have been given a more heroic last fight, he earned it, but it was quite bad imo. Those poor 7 seconds of being chopped down could have been atleast 20 seconds of berzerkermode, as that was what he was portraying. Best TV show I have ever seen after Game of thrones (except season 8)..Every scene is greatly shot and captivating.. Not one scene is boring. GO WATCH and you will not regret... Lord UHTRED's character is great.... Why 8 ? The show was so good and active too i never actually felt bored at all in any of its episodes but some things are just not logical.
First of all Utred must at least be like 60 or 50 like goddamn all of the other characters has died and he didn't , many children turned into adults and died , and he didn't , like what the hell , and Brida is the same age as him and she's still breeding children !!!!
Secondly is the ways Utred was meant to be killed , especially that last one in season 4 , when Heastin hung him by the tree by his legs and left him with his sword with two guards to die , like what the actual hell is this mockery.
I don't really have much to say but it is so good i highly recommend this show .. enjoy ;) This is a series with great actors and high production value. It bound me to watch it till the very end. Let's just say that I'm not one who easily gets hooked when watching tv shows or movies. However every episode of TLK leaves you wanting more and then when you're on the last season, you get hit with a blow upon the realization that there's no more to watch except to wait. The characters, violence, and action is just flawless. The conversations between the characters are intriguing and the small comebacks that they have are so hilarious. I can't wait for season 5! First of all, is the best show ever, no doubt, thanks to the actors and all the crew for an amazing job you've putted on! Second, music by eivor and John Lunn is really outstanding, her voice is unique! Third, watch it and you will see by yourself. Its super underrated and deserves more attention for real people taste is disgusting i swear .. how can they miss this show OMG !! I really like the show, the costumes, how the actors play their roles. I just hope that the end of this series will not dissapoint such as so many did until now. Fantastic actors, perfect scenario, outstanding battles, incredible soundtrack!!!! This is a best tv series ever!!! Well done guys, amazing actors and great screen play, also the set up of the scenes is fascinating!! The atmosphere is charming it's like you're really in medieval ages! Everyone good job!!!! The lastKingdom season my top watch list 👌 please like the last kingdom season more season I really enjoy watching the series. I like the acting and how it follows some of history from that era. Guys stop anything and watch this
Best show ever
uhtred of bebbanburg ✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼 This show gets better every season. It is far better than Vikings. I never find myself getting bored and I do not want the episodes to end. I love it! Each season gets better and better. Strong storyline, strong acting , a must watch for all. In some aspects its not perfect but overall its consistency far outweighs any shortcomings. Rather than drive for bigger and better in subsequent seasons it remains consistent and true to its original concept which was well conceived. The characters, storyline, historical connections and realism make it show well worth watching. I love this show!!!! The casting is just fantastic 👏🏻 Love, battles, humour, heartbreak the show is just a 10 out of 10 for me....I hope there will be more seasons to come XX The Last Kingdom pulls you in immediately on the very first episode. Fantastic acting, a plot the intensifies every minute, you're literally sitting on the edge of your seat. I feel it's so much better than The King Of Thrones. ( We love how you can see what's going on. Not filmed in complete darkness)
We're hoping for many more seasons!!!! I greatly enjoy this series. The acting is superb, the historical background is fascinating (even if not 100% factual of course) and the storyline is one of the most captivating (more so imo than GOT).
Here's to Netflix making a 5th season - or I may just cancel my subscription... I have never been a fan of this sort of series, didn't rate vikings or game of thrones. I randomly watched a couple of episodes of this with my partner and was absolutely hooked. It is brilliant. The cast is brilliant. Little hints of comedy around violence and history. It is amazing. Praying for a season 5 🙌 By far the best TV show I have ever seen. Far better than GOT. Totally the best tv show ever and Alexander Dreymon is an amazing actor, very special guy. Certainly had me capitivated from season 1 all the way through to season 4. Amzazing TLK cast is just phenomenal Bernard Cornwell is a master of historical fiction and this new series looking with a fresh light at Alfred the Great, his kingdom and his legacy will be as outstanding and as popular as the Grail Quest and the Warlord Chronicles. This show is the best thing that ever happened!!! I am a big fan of historical shows and movies but this one is truly a work of art. Excellent Show !!!
It's the best show about Vikings.
It is based on a series of books.
Alexander Draymon as Uthred is brillant. Brilliant series. Fantastic storyline and cast are all amazing, a series that keeps you gripped from beginning to end. THE BEST SHOW EVER!!! Hoping for season 5. Netflix please give us season 5 Oh man i don't want to say another word you guys are the best i hope you'll being great for your fans UHTRED BEBBANBURG IS YOURS CLAIM IT SPOILER ALERT SEASON 4 IS LIL BIT SAD BUT ITS GREAT BINGE WATCHING IT NOW I had a roller coaster ride of emotions... Amazing storyline.. Amazing casting for all characters.. 💯 every season seem better as with every episodes.. My appetite for a Game of Thrones style film has been appeased. I usually don't not look at shows that have series in Netflix because for most parts it does not keep my interest. I am so ashamed to say I binged watch this series in two days. It was that good. I have seen many shows over many years...never has one affected me like this one. IT IS THE BEST! "Destiny is All"!!!! I started the first episode and didn't make it very far before turning it off. However I turned it back on a few days later and am so glad I did! Love this show! Uhtred is the man! Binge watched the current 3 seasons over the past 10 days. Couldn't stop watching it.<br/><br/>Rich plot and strong characters. I was hooked at about 10 minutes in on S1E1. No kidding! Absolutely love it! I have watched the first three seasons four times now. Can't wait for S4 to hit my TV screen. The acting is superb with great character development. You will love it!<br/><br/>UPDATE...Just binged S4... still 10/10...WOW!!! BEST. SHOW. EVER! Bring on S5!!! I've read all the books by Bernard Cornwell and watched all three series at least thirty times. I'm a history freak and this is a great show!! Highly recommend! Without question it is the best show on Netflix. The action, sets, character development are without peer. The actors are excellent and perfectly cast. I cannot recommend it more highly!!! This is an awesome show. I'm knew to watching it, but I'd have to say, it's right up there with Vikings and Game Of Thrones! Pleasantly surprised. In this series you get everything you need! Historical setting, facts and fiction, great cast - lots of eye candy for the ladies and gents - excellent costumes and the plot is amazing! Lots of interesting turns of events and drama. Makes you laugh out and also cry at times. A very well made series. You quickly identify with the characters or at least feel with them. It's a series that makes you a binge watcher if you haven't been one yet I absolutely love this show, I watch it once and then again and again and again. I have all the books on The Last Kingdom by Bernard Cornwall and have read them each a few times, He is such a fabulous author, he brings the characters to life, the time period, just everything about this show is outstanding.<br/><br/>I love period shows yet of all the ones I have watched this is the very best.....Uhtred is such a great character, Alex shows the depth of the man who is torn between 2 worlds, the Danes and the Saxons.. This show is totally epic. Great story line, superb acting. Season three was off the chain and season 4 ( currently filming) I have no doubt will be as well. You get it all in this show (available on Netflix) action, adventure, comedy and even a little romance. A must watch! Binge watch worthy material. I watched 3 seasons in a week. Bravo. The Last Kingdom is a remarkable series! It goes above and beyond the norm when it comes to storytelling, because it's not a story it's based on Real life experiences of people from hundreds of years ago!
The battles aren't just some unorganized waving of swords and shields 🛡 it's extremely superior and choreographed with authenticity that's not hard to follow... when they throw up their shield walls you're behind the shields with them! You feel the emotion of true fear even, and the glory when they're victorious. I give them a standing ovation! BRAVO! This is by far my favorite show ever!!! The characters are really great and you start to feel a bond with them. From the costumes, makeup and set designs, I'm surprised this show doesn't get more attention. Once you watch, you will be hooked, I guarantee it!!! The writing is perfect, it has humor, seriousness and sadness.
I can't say enough good things about it. IT'S A MUST WATCH!!! I loved Vikings but this is better. Better than GOT as it's not fantasy. Based on Bernard Cornwell's excellent books!! This show is absolutely incredible and holds it's own against the best of the best historical and non-historical medieval/fantasy shows out there. Even beyond it's immediate genre, The Last Kingdom's creative team from the actors to cinematography shows you how a show should be made. It swiftly pulls you and suffocates you with an OUTSTANDING soundtrack, EXTRAORDINARY writing that builds deep characters that have flaws enough to make them real and EXPLOSIVELY violent action & STEALTHY intrigue that'll keep you on your toes.<br/><br/>This is your medicine for ending of Game of Thrones that left us all wanting more, it is your prescription onto a fresher and frankly better journey that will not leave you wanting. This is probably the best series I've watched in recent times also one of the best netflix production and one of top 3 historical TV series ever made. A perfect story that tells what happened to england and how was the relationship of saxon & Danes in post RAGNAR (from Vikings by History TV) era. Every character was strongly presented, which never let the storyline to be carried away. The detailed quality of cinematography even made the early vikings (by History TV) seasons look cheap compared to this. Even the norse culture was briefly shown. If one compares the main character UHTRED to RAGNAR (Vikings by History TV) that too was a great match, which I thaught would be hard in the beginning. Overall its a series u just can't miss, hats off to the whole team of #the_last_kingdom. The last kingdom is the best serie i ever saw. i find it better then Game of throne and Vikings. the best background music & emotional soundtrack is the best thing in this serie it increases the watching experience. Chemistry between Uthred and Alfred is amazing. A very very good emotional and loving scene between Uthred and Brida.
A secret love between Aethelflaed and Uthred is a joy to watch. Aethelflaed is looking so cute in this show.
My favorite characters uthred, Aethelflaed, Alfred the great, Young Ragnar, Brida.
A worth watching experience. A must watch serie. Just Love A wonderful TV series. Wonderful characters, both male and female. Terrific story about King Alfred's vision to create a United England while it's under threat from Dane invaders.
It moves at a wonderful pace with our hero, Uhtred, torn between Dames and Saxons. All the characters are well rounded, make mistakes and are funny! This is not a show which is so heavy on history that it forgets that their characters are human and would find moments of humour even, or especially, in the middle of a fight.
Wonderful battles where you feel right on the middle of the action, love and loss, it's all there. Highly recommend. One of the few shows that I've watched all 3 seasons multiple times. 4th season filming now so make sure to catch up. Amazing everything. Storyline, acting, visuals, just an amazing show that has done justice to the books. I definitely want this to go on to cover the book series. A lot of shows that are made about the Vikings are cheesy and are made poorly. This show was not at all, so good! I hope they make more series! I really liked the first two seasons but season three was meh I hope 🙏 netflix fix it change it back The BBC did a great job with the first two series but Netflix have taken it to another level for series three.
Great story, great characters and the cinematography is beautiful.
Also the realism...characters who are dirty, greasy haired and generally a bit stinky looking. Which I imagine they were in those times.
Great programme!!! I've read all the books (Saxon Tales) in the series, and this show does an excellent job of bringing it to the screen. David Dawson is wonderful as Alfred, and Alexander Dreymon IS Uhtred. I do have one quibble with him, though. His hair style is Season 3 is just not realistic, and diverges too much from his previous styling in the first two seasons. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>Life is rough a mere 800+ years after the death of Jesus. Life consists of ale houses, churches, farming and preparing for battles especially when the Danish Vikings are coming to violently take the land of the Saxons. Which at this time in history they have taken over all but one kingdom that originally made up England and that Kingdom is Wessex, which is under the current rule of King Alfred. To assist Alfred and Wessex, is the best swordsman in the land, Uhtred - Uhtred of Bebbanburg, who is precariously linked to Alfred primarily by his honor. The story revolves around Uhtred and how he lives his life, plans battles and partners with Alfred to maintain control of that final kingdom. The show is full of rich story lines, well-defined and interesting characters, great emotional drama and frequent action and for how intertwined the stories and characters get, it isn't challenging to keep up even while the scenes clip along at a steady pace. It is really enjoyable to watch everyone jockey for positions of power and respect and while much blood is spilled, it isn't egregious. Even when the king hands down the sentence of 'blinding - single eye', it is tastefully done. I highly recommend this. The visuals are outstanding and the show just draws you into the characters. I highly recommend watching it. Can't wait for the next season ! This is a great tv series that gets better every season. I've bought every season on Blu Ray and look forward to Season 4 and many more after that hopefully. Impulsive, temperamental, heroic Uhtred of Bebbanburg - Dude, you never disappoint. Actually, Uhtred isn't even the best character, they're all great. Zone of the best series on Netflix. Season 3 continued the entertainment and introduced one of my most hated villains ever - Skade. I can't wait for Season 4 as Uhtred gets uglier and the adventure continues. What a brilliant TV show,
Literally i cried when i've seen alfred death scene
I mean We don't care our ancient dreams and hops and the sacrifice they have made for humankind
I don't know about Christian religion and they're history but now i know little bit that they're ancient have made big sacrifice for they're people<br/><br/>Like in our religion(islam) our ancient did big sacrifice The writing, music, photography, and especially, the cast. So many excellent actors. You know a series is great when you streamed all three seasons, and started over TWICE! Then, when you can't wait for season 4, you read ALL the rest of the books it is based on. And when you buy the soundtrack to listen to regularly. And when you wish you knew how to write to and thank several of the actors for the gift of their character. So many. Beocca, Alfred, Sihtric, Finan, Baby Monk, Hild, Brida, Thyra, Ragnar, and Uhtred. I especially wish I could let Ian Hart know. Beocca will live with me forever. New viewers will understand as they love each season more than the last. Bringing part of history to life!! A very well thought out production and seeing the characters grow through the seasons shows great talent from all the actors. Cannot wait for season 4. I love every single episode of this endless Uhtred of Bebbanburg. I love the way he acts and all of it. The best tv series about that period of time. It's been some time since I found myself so invested in a series. The characters are well developed and you care for them, or despise them! Depending on the role. The roles are played perfectly, acting is strong, writing is fantastic! It's brutal and has heart. Don't pass this series up. You've got to give this show a few episodes to get going. Once it gets going full speed it's absolutely awesome. I am in season 3 now and it is action packed. If you're into epic shows definitely give this one a shot. If the history of the Danes and Saxons intrigue you, this is by far the best show I have seen on its history. Great, great script. Additionally, I normally do not binge watch shows but this one I have. Excited for season 4 to come out. You cannot help but love the life of Uethred. The details were amazing from the breath fog, mud and basic culture of the people really captivated me. Very interesting plot that showed the "chess game" played between the powers of the time. I loved it! Love this show! The first season - good, the second - great, the third - fantastic! Historical fiction beautifully crafted with fantastically interwoven stories of intrigue, mystery, betrayal, revenge and peace. It is the only series that has made me forget for a second Game of Thrones, especially the second season. In my opinion better than Vikings. Well what can I say? The producer has had a massive chalange to shortcut all the the parts of the novel, which should only stay at the novel, and get straight to the point. The TV series are called "The Last Kingdom" NOT "Uhtred and his beloved Danes" or "Great Vikings of the Norse". Some may complain that The Last Kingdom TV series are taking away from understanding the Viking ways, but think about it for a moment, do we want to watch another "Viking" series..., do we really? Are we not tired of the same over and over again? I would not want to beat ahead of the drums, but it seems like the series would concentrate on Alfred the Great and the history of newly born Engaland. <br/><br/>To all those who want to complain.., I would want to say: if you think you can do better, why don't you try to do it yourself?! <br/><br/>Great story line (very close to the actual novel and yet very different, so even if you read the books, it still holds your breath with a lot of good action, strategy, maps(taking parallel to modern day locations) Very well camera work. And fairly well actors work. So overall, I must say that it's most anticipated in the circle of all my friends and family! Just saw the finale last night and I was so filled with adrenaline I couldn't sleep so I'm writing this. This season has been a true masterpiece. Each episode improved as the season went on. At first I came into this as a filler for vikings. Now I've come out waiting for vikings to use as my filler. A man born a Saxon only to be raised by Danes then to be forced to adopt the Saxon way again. The plot and premise was brilliant and the lead and rest of the casting was remarkable. The fight scenes were flawless. Despite his flaws I cannot remember loving a character as much as Utred and feel all the loss he continued to endure. This is a must watch. If you love vikings you may find yourself shocked how much you'll love this as much if not more than vikings. I'm still reeling in awe of what I just witnessed. Bravo I will not summarize the plot of THE LAST KINGDOM, as it follows a familiar quest-pattern and has been amply described by previous reviewers. Suffice to say that the source-text's author is Bernard Cornwell, an established writer of historical adventures set in various historical periods that have translated successfully to television in the past (remember SHARPE (1993-2008))?<br/><br/>Directed by four different people (Anthony Byrne, Ben Chanan, Peter Hoar and Nick Murphy), THE LAST KINGDOM is basically SHARPE transposed to the Saxon/ Viking era, with the same combination of familial politics, intrigue and rivalry. The moral priorities are determined from the first episode onwards: the Sharpe-character is personified by Uhtred of Babbanberg (Alexander Dreymon) who must negotiate several obstacles before he can assume his rightful place in the formation of a new kingdom. Good guys and bad guys are easily distinguished, chiefly by their hirsuteness; the bad guys have bushier beards and longer hair than their rivals.<br/><br/>Each episode has its fair share of incident, romance, and a touch of pathos; the visual style owes a lot to Ridley Scott's KINGDOM OF HEAVEN (2005), with its lengthy pans of lonely isolated, almost primeval landscapes contrasted with dimly-lit interiors illuminated by candlelight. Considerable emphasis has been placed on the elements - sunrises, sunsets, storms, wind and rain - making us aware of how difficult life can be for those trying to establish social and political order. Hence their acts of heroism become all the more noteworthy.<br/><br/>THE LAST KINGDOM might be hokum, but it is nonetheless highly entertaining: we care for the characters and their futures, even if we are well aware of what will happen in the end. As with most adventure novels, there is little doubt that it will have a morally definite ending. This show is phenomenal. Alexander Dreymon acting is off the chart. The story lines, costumes, fight scenes and the cinematography is amazing. Definitely best show on Netflix. Just watch it.. i could write alot of faults in this, yet, it all comes out to good series quilty.. amazing! The new season is better than ever! It provides a great transition to bring in a new generation that blends with originals and sets the stage for many new story lines while keeping Uhtred the link between them all. There is also expanded experience with the personal lives of the individual characters like Finan. The acting continues to be superb. The sets are amazing. I still love the series since 2015! One of my favourite series!! Waiting for season 5 ❤ This show is amazing! It gets better with every season. Great storytelling, wonderful characters. So many emotions! Give me more! This series is seriously good, enough so to make me create an account to make sure you know. A captivating story line that will keep you wanting more! On first watch I was upset that Uhtred wasn't blonde, I mean how hard is it to add a bit of peroxide to your hair. But now that I watched the entire series over again in anticipation for the release of season four, it's now only Alexander's face that I see when I read the books. He embodies the arrogance, the cheekiness and the fierceness of the source character. I love that they've used Scandinavian actors for the Danes, it just adds another layer to the already well developed feeling of authenticity. This is a fantastic series, a definite must watch. I wish more people would realise how awesome it is. We're gonna need many more seasons to be made! Absolutely amazing! What more can I say. I do like the soundtrack too. This is definitely one to watch. Excellent show, to watch and re-watch. Very well written, not a second wasted and it gets better with each new season. Based on Bernard Cornwell's books, about the birth of England, but with its own identity. Totally underrated, can't even imagine what they'd have done with a bigger budget! I recommend both, the show and the books. I have watched a lot of good tv shows over the years but this show is extremely off the charts ..! Definitely my favorite. The story is great it leaves you with a lot of questioning & It makes you to critically think. The action & the dialogues are too good in most of recordings you will feel like you are in the tv show. This whole cast is amazing and talented , the actors sure did a lot of hard work to captivate the audience's eye and they have killed the game. The Last Kingdom is one of the best series i have seen. if you have already seen the Vikings then i suggest you to give it a shot. watch it from the side of England. Uhtred of Bebbanburg will definitely become your favorite hero. Alexander Doetsch is literally lived in the character Uhtred,every thing he do and did will give u goosebumps.His character is Phenomenal. King Alfred character is marvelous, David Dawson did an exceptional job.and remaining characters did very good on their part especially Brida,Ragnar,Beocca,Thyra,Hild,Aethelflaed,Gisela. Each and every episode gives u marvelous experience. locations are very nice, they literally take u to the time of 9th century. if u like historical war dramas like GOT,Vikings,Spartacus Don't miss it. It Is Really Awesome. What can i say, it just gets better and better season by seasons. It has everything a madiaval historical series should have. A hidden hem
fantastic
attention grabbing
Historically largely accurate
Can't stop watching 3 season complete in 2days I've watched all 3 seasons more than once and will keep watching it until the 4th season comes out! Vikings runs a close 2nd but is still not as good as The Last Kingdom. So good! Series 3 is the best yet it just keeps getting better and better. This show deserves to be as big and well known as game of thrones or Vikings and it's a tragedy that it isn't! The acting is great, the storylines are great, and the characters are compelling. The set design is flawless and the attention to detail is superb. It does an amazing job of transporting you straight back to that time in a way that personally, I feel Vikings almost manages but doesn't quite. Alexander Dreymon is perfect as Uhtred. He's captivating, cool and human and I think the rest of cast do a fantastic job of making all of the characters feel so human and real also. Watch this show and spread the word! Oh my god!!!!
The best series in my entire watching career
Above game of thrones I was blown away by The Last Kingdom. I decided to give this a shot after Vikings. Never in a million years did I think, I could like a show more than Vikings but I do! It just gets better and for people who are history buffs, you will not be disappointed. Watch till the end. Trust the ratings people =) I'm not normally a fan of medieval shows/ movies... but I could not stop watching this show! Outstanding! (Flash Review)<br/><br/>This series is not known as well as it should be. It blazes its own trail without being pressured to follow the path of Games of Thrones. The characters are still full of depth, emotion and moral quandaries. Season 4 watches a young and inexperienced King of Wessux, which seems to be the head kingdom of the four primary kingdoms, struggle to make decisions, earn respect and maintain true allies. There's an abundance of intertwined story lines and with moderate viewer focus can be clearly followed that are all rich with drama. As with most Mid-Evil shows, many a battle is fought, much flesh is slashed or punctured and blood spilt. Great production value, unique musical score and honest acting make this a must see if you like Mid-Evil era shows. This is one of my favorite shows. Season 1-3 are absolutely amazing, better than both Vikings and GOT. Utred and his entourage are so much fun to watch. Afred is hands down one of the best characters on TV and the actor really nailed the role. The story twists and turns and never a dull moment. The relationship between Utred and Afred is complex, interesting and well crafted. Action, adventure, history, drama, humor, this show is as entertaining as it gets.<br/><br/>Then comes the highly anticipated season 4. Somewhere in the back of my mind I feared my favorite show might get the woke treatment by Netflix. And it did. Utred is now cast aside in a supporting role. Major screen time now goes to all the female characters. The men are mostly weak and act irrationally. All the women are strong, smart, and can't do no wrong. And we now have black warriors in Babbanburg. Sigtryggr is a great character but was given very little screen time.<br/><br/>One bad season and I still give it a 9. That's how good the show is.<br/><br/>Netflix. We're here to watch Utred. Leave your woke non-sense out of this show. Don't mess up Season 5. This is the best series on Netflix. Great writing, acting, directing & producing. Every episode is action packed and leaves you wanting more. I just finished all 4 seasons and not one episode was mediocre or bland. Great series. I am thirsting for Season 5. This is one show that has captivated me ! It has beautiful photography Great theme, superb actors and it is Made with so much care taking care of the last mínimum detail, cannot want to see season 5 ! Please watch you Will not be Able ro turn of the TV I watched all 4 seasons in a week. A fifth season must come out! An outstanding cast and story line, as well as the cinematography. If you u like historical show ,this one is probably the most realistic , unique, sensitive yet violant,even if the main character is fictional one ,the struggle is incredibly difficult for him and pretty accurate for the period ,the great casting and Chemistry makes this show one of the best in the last decade ,all with a beautifuly haunting soundtrack. Ok, hear it out. This show is fun and pretty sweet for battles. The characters and story is pretty good as well. Only thing I'd say sucks is the continuous political junk about the main character and is oath. It is way to repetitive. Every season the same thing happens, his loyalty is questioned, they say he has to prove he's loyal, no one trusts him, he saves the kingdom, no one thanks him. Other than the silly continuation of this the show is actually pretty good. So enjoy with a feel free mind and try not to focus to much on that. I binged watched all four seasons and cant wait for the next season! The cast/crew did such an amazing job in developing this phenomenal series. We are able to see the characters develop and grow as well as carry on the memories of characters lost along the way. The dynamic trio of Uhtred, Finan and Sihtric is the best! They are funny, handsome and so badass during battle. I have casted this tv series within my list of top five best tv shows to have ever watched! Hopefully in the future when it is safe to do so (post quarantine) I will be able to meet the Cast at meet and greet event. Thank you,Thank you! Much love <3 My all-time favourite TV show right up there with the Game of Thrones. Added bonus it's educational historical and oh so entertaining! I started watching this show a couple years ago and something happened where I only saw the first two episodes. Then finally got Netflix and from the first episode I was hooked. The characters, soundtrack, score, scenery, tempo, pace and excellent script had me at hello. Even though there were a lot of battle scenes throughout the entire four seasons it wasn't as predominantly violent and sexually explicit as some other "Vikings" shows. I binged watched the whole four seasons in one week, staying up as late as 4am couple times lol. It's that enthralling. Alexander Dreymon is dreamy and magnificent in his role as Uhtred, son of Uhtred of Babenberg. I loved every time he said it. Likewise every actor/actress held their own. Another favourite of mine was Aelswith. She was graceful and extremely convincing as the queen. Even though there were moments I wanted to point an arrow in her direction...lol a sign of how good she was. Then other tThis is by far the best series I've ever watched anywhere. Each episode got better and better. Never a dull moment.Excellent writing. The writers are to be commended. Oh let there be a season 5. But after all destiny is all lol. This TV show îs one of The Best I have seen, and I have seen plently. Everything about this is superb ! The acting , the cinematography, the battle scenes. 10 out of 10 At the Beginning i thought it was boring and a copy of vikings, but then i got really addicted to it! The only disturbing character was Brida This series is amazing ! We look forward for each episode , all season were a blast!!! I hope they continue and give us a season 5 !!!!!!! IT is so AMAZING!!!! I am addicted to this Show!!!!! Hopefully to be continued Season 5!!!!???? Trying to stay true to the history of the era and also the books from which the series is adapted from. Love the actors the sets the story telling it's is first class As I told my husband, I can watch them all day every day , I can watch them only sitting and talking they don't even have to do anything! Love this show!!! Dreymon and Dawson are absolutely incredible. The fact that the viewer gets a nice dose of English history as well as enjoying amazing cinematography, a great soundtrack, great acting, an interesting storyline, some beautiful landscapes all makes for one of the best shows around right now! What a great series, I loved it from start to finish hopefully be a season 5. Captivating well made great acting. I was completely addicted after 2 episodes Outstanding writing, Oscar worthy and witty acting, excellent costumes, hair & make-up! A perfect blend of historical research, love and war! The magic of cast and crew on and off screen successfully pulls the entire creation into what should be award-winning! Been seeing this show for a couple of years. And it is sincerely one of the best shows I seen. I've read the books and this show is very close to the Historical Fiction that Bernard Cornwell is a Master of.
This series does not disappoint in any way and mixes true History of the Kingdom of what is now England.
A far better show than the "Viking" Series by the History Channel. That series was entertaining for only 4 Seasons, as the writers lost their way.
In "The Last Kingdom", a genius writer carries this great show which does not disappoint at all, like the other. Once you start this series you'll keep wanting more and more! I found this series by accident a few years back. I had just been recommend ed to read the books when I noticed this on Netflix and decided to have a look at that instead. I got hooked and so I never began the reading process, a decision I sometimes regret as I assume more details could be found in the books. The series is my absolute favourite. What I've noticed in a lot of shows nowadays is that a challenge is presented very early in the season, through out the season the story slowly moves towards facing that challenge, a few fillers are being thrown in the middle to lenghten the story and usually in the last episode there is the struggle, the victory and a cliff hanger. In my opinion The Last Kingdom does not follow this path. Many obstacles are presented through out the season and they are usually faced already in the same episode, or in the next one the latest. And then a new challenge. There are fery few if any fillers in the four seasons made so far. The 4th season got a bit slower compared to the previous ones, but was still solid. I'm happy the story still carries on after Alfred's death, as he for sure was a difficult character to follow. His kids are doing a great job in taking his place, something that I had my doubts about. Cannot wait for season 5. Ok first of all this is by far the best medieval show I have ever watched! It has everything and it seems so realistic. The acting is good! Usually when I watch something I always know what will happen next, I can always expect it by how the show is playing out. That for me is somewhat disappointing because I shouldn't be able to expect or perceive what will happen next. I like when there is a good surprise in there. Obviously I've grown to like this character Uhtred. I would so love to see a good ending for him on the season finale of the series! But for now I'm content with this show and can't wait for season 5!!!!!! If anyone is wondering whether you should watch this series, YESSSS! WATCH IT!! It's good and you will not be disappointed! Captivated me from the first minute of the first episode of the first series. Not without its occasional flaw (what series isn't?) but the story, the characters and the conviction of the acting are spellbinding. And the music score is stunning, and should get more credit than it does. How this series has never been nominated for a BAFTA is beyond me. It's an absolute shame that this show doesn't have more attention. I'll admit that it took me three tries to get past season 1 but season 2 and ESPECIALLY season 3 are downright phenomenal. I won't spoil anything but the arc with Uhtred and Alfred in season 3 is some of the best television I've ever seen. I can't wait for season 4!!! Having seen season one on full, been blown away the epic finale, been moved to tears by th emotional goodbyes and reunions, i am happy to call this ome of the best opening seasoms in television history. The visuals are gorgeous, its beautofully shot and looks amazing on blu ray and a 4k tv. The writing is perfect, the acting sublime, the characters are deep and strong and the plot twists are incredible. One feels its made in support of Western Christianity, which is no bad thing. GOD IS GREAT BUT SO IS KING ALFRED!!! This is my favorite show of all time, especially since Netflix has taken over!! This story grabs you and holds you!! The enchantment of this era is so well written that you can't stop watching!
Thank you to Netflix and the main reason I have this service please watch this series all 3 seasons are just fantastic better than Game of Thrones because the story is so human and relationships real.
WATCH IT AND YOU WILL BE REWARDED WITH GREAT STORY TELLING!! I love everything about the show. The actors are amazing they bring the characters of the books to life exceptionally well. The battle scenes are amazing. Plus the one liners and humor are there as well. Alexander Dreymon has brought Uhtred to life like no other actor could've. It's like the part was written for him. I love how he connects with the audience. Having read the entire series of books, I was delighted to see the series come out. It is a very good effort, but does lack a bit of the grit and gore of the books. Very enjoyable interpretation none the less. It might have been a budget constraint, but my sense of the books was a more lively and busy time - frankly, more people, bigger battles, more historic gravitas - but then perhaps this is what it was like. Not an expert on this particular period in history and would trust the BBC researchers to get this portrayed accurately. Looking forward to season 2! This is truly one of THE best shows I have ever invested in. I think one of the reasons being that each and every person cast to play the character they are portraying couldn't be a better fit for their individual roles. I almost feel like I am THERE while watching the show. The emotions that the characters seem to feel, feel so real. The battle scenes are INCREDIBLE and they get better with each season. Each episode is a constant surprise because you truly have no idea what is coming and what is going to happen which I absolutely love. I hope this show goes on for MANY more seasons and grows in its fan base because it is certainly worthy of that!! I also find myself rewatching the seasons and learning new things that I didn't catch the first time around. This show never gets old no matter how many times you watch it. What a wonderful adaptation of the books!!! I had never heard of Alexander Dreymon until watching this series. I had purchased the kindle book a while ago but had not read it yet, watched the series first and that actually prompted me to read the book(s). Now reading the 2nd book. I liked the Viking series on the History Channel which is a nice compliment to this series as you can learn more about Ragnar. I loved the acting in The Last Kingdom! Alexander Dreymon (Uhtred), David Dawson (King Alfred) & Adrian Bower (Leofric) I think were spot on with their characters. Not to take away from the other actors in the least!!! I am no historian by any means and the programs I watch is strictly for my own enjoyment, couldn't care about anybody else's LOL!!! I will pretty much watch anything that has sword fighting which was due to my being introduced to Diana Gabaldon's Outlander series. I'm a bit obsessed with it actually. And what a handsome young man Alexander Dreymon is. That certainly doesn't hurt my eyeballs!!!! After reading the book, I went back and re-watched the series and it was even more entertaining than the 1st time. Thank you so much for the wonderful entertainment!!! I must applaud the BBC in recent times, we are consistently being given incredibly high caliber dramas, The Last Kingdom is the very latest in a long list that includes The Game, Banished, London Spy etc. What a golden era for drama once again. The Vikings will always make for interesting TV, but it's the whole story surrounding the birth of what we now know as England that makes this exceptional. I have nothing but plaudits for Alexander Dreymon, he's done an incredible job with the lead role, I still struggle to believe he's German, his accent is uncanny. They've not gone overboard with the sex and violence as is the case with some of the similar shows. I see BAFTA awards written all over this serial. After a short time, if you got into it, the last Kingdom is very enthralling and a great show! For me it feels like a mixture of series/movies like Game of Thrones, Vikings, Robin Hood, Braveheart and others, so it can be compared with great names.<br/><br/>A little downside: Though I support creative artwork and they did many things right, I would have preferred a little bit more accuracy regarding some historic details (of course disregarding the intended own story elements). For instance that way too many common soldiers are shown with broadswords, which were quite expensive and thus worn by privileged persons. But overall they did a good job, they improved details e. g. in season 4 we can see books (not just scrolls), which is correct as these were already invented at the time. But on the other hand there are many nice historic points, too, e. g. that they are correctly talking of the Danish, not using just completely mythical, dramatic descriptions for vikings that never where, as it can be seen often.<br/><br/>In my view the show is great, better than Vikings and it seems to get even better in later seasons - probably I am already addicted ;) We are shown aspects of both sides, Saxons and Danish and the clash of cultures. I like many characters, there are a lot of nice details, the plot is exciting and offers many great battle scenes. It is very much fun to keep on watching, so I hope there will be further seasons - for the king! :) This show is absolutely awesome. Just finished watching season 4 and i'm immediately searching for details for when season 5 will be on Netflix. I can honestly not get enough of this show. The acting, the fight and battle scenes, the scenery itself, the genre of the show, the historical aspect the friendship between characters...its brilliant. It's the best period show on TV. Watch it, you won't regret it. I've never seen a show that can truly take me on an adventure so far away from reality. The storyline and the plot is so powerful, deep, meaningful and captivating. Actors are truly brilliant and so very well directed. I'm sad because once this finishes, I don't think there will many things that can compete with it in the future and be as captivating. Well done to everyone who has contributed to this genuine piece of work. This show is brilliant and that is all there is to it. After watching the 3rd season I just couldn't get enough, so I began reading the books, and like the series I didn't stop until there was nothing left. Yes, the books and the show have their differences, but like GOT (before the Season 8 debacle) both were great on their own, and so much better when put together.<br/><br/>I loved the first 3 seasons of Vikings, mostly because Ragnar was just such an awesome character, but Uhtred is an even better IMO. If you like History, if you like well written characters and great performances this is the show for you. I can't recommend it enough, it is my favorite show, period. just so much fun. Great show very well done, but the down time between seasons is to long! ... are the ones who don't like history, the sticklers about history, or the ones who never believe a show can be as good as the books.<br/><br/>It's reasonably accurate as to history and while it isn't exactly the same as the books it is close and just different enough to make it worth both reading and watching. Epic!!! Waited so long for season 3. They do not disappoint! Alexander Dreymon. David Dawson. Need an Emmy nod. This whole show is Emmy worthy!!! Bring on season 4!!! I really like this series, I was glad there was a season 2 and 3,even more we get 10 episodes, needs to be more, I do have one issues in Season 1 the Englishman called the Vikings "Dane's" kinda incorrect. Most Vikings were from Norway, Iceland and we're considered Pagans not Dane's. Uhtred, born a Saxon and raised as Viking must decide where his allegiance lies. Well wrote book series now a tv series well worth watching. I'm so about this series, that I don't know how to start. The characters are charismatic and the spirit of the saga was preserved. After watching this show I watched the extras. Special effort had been made to make the Vikings cooler than the English. That seemed to be for an audience, but looking beyond that I think its probably historically accurate too, certainly for that exact time of around 800 AD. This show is like the reverse coin for the Vikings TV drama, and it works. This is Vikings from the English point of view. Well, English movie point of view. This is an excellent show, as good as Vikings. The escapades are slit-second and perfect. The battles are very real. The lead hero has grown up with hard Viking discipline and it shines as he continually braces his ideas against those to whom he has fled. The English King is complicated and a very original version of King Alfred. We get a sense of his closeness to his people. His priest, whom also knows our hero from when he was a boy, is also a faithful realization, with that wonder we got from Vikings, that is, a poignant sense of humour. The Vikings in this are indeed cool as evil psychopaths, but they are mostly thugs rather than occasionally sensitive and human as they could be in Vikings.<br/><br/>It seems to be fairly historically accurate too (as much as we can really know of those days) and for this reason, as with the Vikings, I'd like to give it 11 out of 10! The Last Kingdom comes as welcome relief and an antidote to the likes of "Vikings". Where the aforementioned series portrays the English as terrified buffoons virtually bending over to receive the Norsemen's thrust, The Last Kingdom gives a more balanced and, almost, historically accurate take on the era.<br/><br/>The gradual coming together of the kingdoms of Aengland and the near 300 year struggle against the Vikings could fuel an epic series of full length movies, but Cornwell's books concentrate on a 50 year period with Alfred the Great at it's centre.<br/><br/>This TV adaptation is a fair attempt at bringing the much loved books to life, however I would have liked to see more of the BBC's gigantic budget reserves used to greater effect in some of the scenes. More battle scenes, a little more gore and a few more players would have improved things. The books describe the fear, the nerves, then the stench of intestines and their contents spilled out, teeth, fingers littering the floor, you're right in the action - I would have liked to see more of that! I'm also not convinced by Mr Dreymon. Too much "Legolas" about him, not enough "Aragorn", if you'll excuse the Tolkien references. Uhtred in the books grows wiser with every day, he soaks up experience and thinks fast, our BBC man just doesn't quite have the presence to flesh out that character.<br/><br/>All in all, an enjoyable series, great education for Americans and others in that it shows that the English were as tough as anything the Danes could do, special mention must go to David Dawson for his amazing portrayal of Alfred the Great...just a brilliant performance playing this complex and misunderstood king. Love love love this series! Would highly recommended. I've had this on My List for years but never watched it. I finally got around to it and was blown away by it. I binged Season 1 and 2 within a week and I hate that there's only one more season left. It takes a few episodes to pull you in but the story is great, the acting is fantastic. Uhtred the main character is compelling and has great character development throughout.<br/><br/>Season 2 is so much better and there's so much that goes on it's a lot to take in. I hear season 3 is by far the best. I'm glad Netflix funded the third season and has a fourth in the works. This show truly is underrated, it should be among the most popular shows on television. I think this is a much better show overall than Vikings. Well really good a good jump in the time<br/><br/>Touching !<br/><br/>Good moral end nostalgic and beautiful The first two series shown on Auntie Beeb were rather good and a third series was eagerly awaited. Netflix took the series over and the production easily shows the extra budget thrown at this show.
The third series? Wow! Truly and amazingly outstanding and of the highest quality.
David Dawson as King Alfred deserves special mention for his, likely, performance of a lifetime.
I have been unemcumbered by reading the books first and so can only approach this unbiased.
Do, do watch this series.
Can't wait for series 4! Bernard Cornwall is a genius and this adaption of his Saxon series has been treated with respect and handled competently. <br/><br/>I so enjoyed the first two series and am so happy that Netflix has picked up the third series (and I won't have to go through the corrupt BBC to get my fix). <br/><br/>If you haven't already, please give this a go, you will be hooked after two episodes- I guarantee it! <br/><br/>The best historical programme available (a million times better than GOT) and I really hope it gets all the praise that it deserves. <br/><br/>10/10 As a huge Bernard Cornwell fan, I always wonder, when these amazing books will become TV-Series...! That would be a dream for me! And this is it guys, we living a dream at last! 1.Majestic cold and rainy landscapes and almost authentic early medieval cities and villages, 2.Really really good plot with the book spirit alive but adapted on screen. The book and series background is pure history but I think you will never get bored even if you hate history. The plot is riding and is keeping you stuck on your watching sofa/chair. 3.Excellent choice of actors and actresses(in my opinion). Maybe book-Uhtred isn't dark of hair, maybe book-Beocca is redhead but why this is really bad when we have Alexander Dreymon amazingly good on leading role, Alfred exactly as I pictured him in my mind, queen Aelswith so annoying as in the books that you want to split her head with a rusty pagan ax, Jarl Ubba and Ragnar Ragnarson are real Danes no kidding,....and so many other examples! The only bad in this almost flawless diamond is...8 episodes ONLY? Really? We need MORE like no tomorrow! I hope I've been helpful and excuse my English! DON'T MISS IT! This is such an underrated show. No one is talking about it or knows it exists. I binged two seasons in two days... worth the lack of sleep! I would have binged the other two seasons if it weren't for assignments and exams.
Uhtred is very likeable. He can be hot-headed at times but he always has his reasons and is absolutely brilliant. Love the actor! The rest of the cast is great too!
This has to be one of my top 5 favourite shows. Due to my strange brain i struggle to be interested in a series past the second season. GOT is one of them. (Unpopular opinion i know).
But THIS. I have not seen one poor actor... the events are unpredictable from episode to episode. It is brutal and captivating and accurate to the era.
This is by far the best thing to be released on netflix. World class acting, fantastic cinematography. I could go on. Where would I even begin? Great characters, great actors, great storyline. This show is amazing. Make sure you give yourself lots of time when you start because you will end up binge watching all 4 seasons! I can't wait for season 5. This series is just great. The actors are good, the setting is good, it really gives me the feeling of that era and most importantly - the plot is flawless. Always surprised by it and it is so captivating! I am not the type of person to write a review but I had to. I truly recommend this show. The Last Kingdom is just awesome, great cast, outstanding scenarios, beautiful landscapes, excellent storyline! It is a MUST! It rewatched this series third times so far!!! Fantastic writing and cast. Some of the greatest acting ever witnessed. Why Alfred didn't get a Oscar... I don't know. You read it everywhere, most underrated show. And yes, it it!<br/><br/>**Major spoiler (perhaps?)**
Nothing has been said about season 5. But there is great potential for a new season. The show is based on history. Not 100% in line, but still... The moment I heard of Ã†thelstan I knew there was a lot more to come.<br/><br/>Because he, will be the first true King of England! Omg this show! Love it! Enjoyed the first season but gets better as each season goes on! Love the fact that no one is safe! Keeps me on the edge of my seat Season 3 itself is why you need to watch this show. Some of the best TV I've ever seen. Until you saying "Destiny is all!!" randomly to yourself ... but seriously though besides being incredibly informative about that. In history it's in absorbing thrill ride Found on Netflix going through "recommended". Gives the history of the Danes and Saxons with King Alfred coming into power and his fierce warrior that helped him get there. Great story. Just started Season 4 and it's even better than the already great previous seasons, if Game of Throne still leaves a bad taste in your mouth, start with this more down to earth epic (no zombies, no dragon lady, no dragons), the acting is great you would grow to like the character, especially Beocca etc. You will not be disappointed. This is absolutely one of my favourite TV shows. You can't help but be won over by Uhtred and his Motley Crew as they battle their way through one potentially disastrous situation after another. The show moves at such break-neck speed, but still has compelling storylines, great characters, drama and real scale.<br/><br/>Once you get into this show you won't be able to stop. If you like Vikings (S1-4, before it got rubbish), you will love The Last Kingdom. I dare you not to get goosebumps with each cry of 'SHEILD WALL'! Epic series, well done Netflix! The best TV series I have watched. Damn please do not stop the series. I have been loving with England History This show is so great. It's addicting. I wish I had heard about it sooner. I can't get enough of it you need to watch this show now! It's legit and I pray they continue with a 5th season. Great series! If you like Game of Thrones or Vikings, you'll love this show! Best story telling at it's finest absolutely fantastic
The acting the wardrobe the locations are just fab I found it on Netflix back when there was only 1 season, have been hooked ever since and highly, highly recommend. I'm not crazy about Utred's accent but that's minor. I think season 4 is my favorite! Fingers crossed for season 5!! This is an amazing show and I hope we get more seasons. I'm obsessed One of my favourite programs ever can't wait for season 5 This amazing show is absolutely worth a watch for anyone!<br/><br/>What I love most about the show is that every single character has depth and dimension, no one is portrayed in a flat way, as well as the relationships which evolve and sometimes shift strongly.<br/><br/>Since I've always had an interest in history, I loved watching television/movies based on historical events, yet the world and people they portrayed remained somehow alien.
This is completely different in the last kingdom.<br/><br/>
Everything feels so real and understandable even though it is completely different from our lives.
It shows how we all at core struggle with similar feelings and experiences, no matter if we live in the 9th or 21st century.<br/><br/>Whether you are a fan of action or drama this series offers both and should not go unnoticed!! I really enjoyed this show, it has great plot, amazing music and great landscapes. But above all, I think it's interesting to see how caracthers are developping each season.
I think the first 3 seasons were really good, the 4th a bit less, probably because they wanted to change a bit from the conflicts and wars. So the last season focuses mostly on peace, on feelings and negotiation over fight.
I guess it's not bad to give another perspective on history / politics. I know that peope mostly want action and mystery, but sometimes a good show means also fluidity, easiness and just a normal plot.<br/><br/>Go for it, you won't regret it ! I have never heard of u before I watched TLK. This is by far the best series I have ever watched. U have outstanding acting skills! I recommend this show 10/10👌 Bring on season 5... This show is great, I watched it first on TV and it motivates me to read the books 😍 I never read the books and I won't now because this is too good. It's not too primitive and the action is appropriate. I love that it has various subplots intertwined. There 's a few really good historical fiction series on Netflix and this is one of them. I get other suggestions but nothing measures up to this show with its characters.<br/><br/>I have actually gone back to watch again and I don't usually do that. Once I started rewatching, I caught a lot of things I didn't catch the first time around. This is one series where I can't for the next season. This show is just the best..... never have i laughed so much at the sarcasm wit and ignorance of uhtred. Absolutely love the show cant wait for season 4 I was very surprised of finding such amazing and yet sort of unknown tv show in Netflix. I believe is even BETTER than( Games of Thrones,) even though I'm a number one fan of it
The last kingdom has everything you could wish on a show, action, a fantastic story, great characters, amazing actors,,,, everything!
You are let wanting to see more at the end of each chapter. The storyline is so catching that you feel that you can not lose any scene as minimal as it seems.
At first I thought it was going to be another common medieval show. But after seeing the first chapter and the amazing acting of children, I was captivated.
When Uthred gets older, and one might think the show is going to lose its charm, you realize that he is an even shinier star that will steal from you tears of joy and sadness.
His acting and his performance in each chapter are breathtaking, and it should be celebrated as it was Brad Pitt in Troya.
This is without speaking of the amazing production, customs , scenaries and everything else that makes a quality show.
I completely recommend it. You would have a satisfying experience if you see this show. You would get entangled in a set of conflicts, wars, and love that would stick to you even in your dreams.
Best show ever.!!! One of the best I've seen. Not one episode I didn't like. Great cast with amazing acting. The hero we've all been waiting for. The show needs 6 seasons, fingers crossed. Unlike other shows, the recent installment was the strongest. Alfred and Uhtred deserve to be nominated for their work in 3, their chemistry was amazing. I love this show!! It has great characters, storyline and actors. I was so sad when GOT ended and I tried to watch Vikings multiple time but can't get into it. Can't wait for Season 5. One of the best! Perfect casting, great soundtrack, direction and performances. The series keeps you so engrossed.<br/><br/>Brilliant act by all the cast and of course Alexander is just brilliant. Writing, music, acting, this show is addicting! BRING ON SEASON 4!!! Could watch it over and over again.......and I have I started watching The Last Kingdom only slightly interested it what it was about- more just filling in time. Within a few episodes I was hooked. I just finished Season 3 which was unreal and honestly I could watch The Last Kingdom every day of my life. Every single actor/actress is amazing. I honestly can't fault it at all- even the devastating character deaths which break me- somehow still have meaning and reasoning behind them that make it even better. Definitely recommend! After being pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed two seasons of this show, I felt compelled to write a review. If you're looking to avoid yet another cheesy Game of Thrones knockoff but still enjoy historical period shows, this is the show for you. The Last Kingdom has all that is good in a show: Good acting, compelling plot, high production quality (great scenery and sets), and a diverse and interesting set of characters who are refreshingly devoid of teenage angst. Best of all, its lead character is, though flawed, one of the most likable characters I've ever watched. I really hope there are more seasons to come. That is so far the best depiction of the Saxon Britain in any theatre or TV movie, take into account even Michael York's Alfred The Great who is better only to this movie's only flop, the dark hair of the king and most of saxons. They were BLOND and blue eyed, just like elves to whom they had given the name. i wonder how they found so many dark haired British even today when they are already mixed, for the acting.<br/><br/>All but that was the plain reality of 8th and 9th century, the warlike macho times, the freezing temperatures, of course the battle tactics and above all the way of life. That tricky turning sides were not only the way of the noble man - like all around Europe - but were typical for all the anglo-saxon inhabitants of the isle. They focused on them before and apart from the mixing with the danes in the northeast of the land and everywhere in the following century and did that pretty well even in details (except the blond hairs).<br/><br/>Choreography, camera-work, storyline and credibility, plenty of elaborate and grabbing characters - all superb. Congratulations for the lines of Alfred - that is marvelous piece of work, a real king's character unlike almost all big screen movie monarchs. And after all you simply can't stop watching the series straight one after another. The development of the story is perfect and with no time lost in regular reminds of what had happened in every series or during the advertisements no matter what age are you or if you like history, battles, revenge or love stories or just want to see what England has looked like a thousand years ago. I am through season 4 and am ready for season 5. I am going to hate the wait. It is the worst thing about these shows. These terrible long ass waits. If its18 months we won't get another season until Oct 2022! That is ridiculous! This show is to good and loved. Please for all of us, as soon as they can start filing, start season 5 ASAP. Amazing shows! I was always meant to be born in those times. And these shows as well as source material give me a moment's break to enjoy what real life was like and how I so wish it was still.<br/><br/>Not one bad thing to say about the shows except having to wait for each season to come out. It couldn't be any better. Amazing. Astounding. Transforming. Better than Game of Thrones and Vikings. You feel like you really know the star as a friend and as a hero. Great acting, it all seems so real, invigorating, sad and heroic.<br/><br/>Remind me of how i cried to Breaking the Waves, the feeling was almost the same except pity, shame and sadness for a man not a woman. First I thought it is another TV series which tells us Vikings stories. But I was wrong. The show was more focused on the victims of Vikings or in this series popularly known as Danes. However, I liked it. It might not have lots of twists like Vikings or Game of Thrones but it has shown a lot of potentiality. I liked the development of characters. The lead character Uhtred of Bebbanburg was born as an ealdorman of England but raised by a Dane family. For this reason, he was stubborn, reckless, and fearless and possessed for characteristics of Dane than an Englishman. He helped King Alfred to save Wessex, the last kingdom of England from Danes. First his relationship which the King was not good, their relationship has been developed later. I liked the show because it did not only just focus on Uhtred. Acting of the characters was good enough. Though in the first two episodes acting of Alexander Dreymon (Uhtred) seemed expressionless, it was improved significantly in later episodes. I liked the character of King Alfred, Brida, Leofric and Beocca. The location and cinematography was awesome. Highly recommended for those who liked Vikings, Marco Polo and Rome. Eagerly waiting for second season. I bought several of the books and tried to read them but ended up not getting half way through the first one! However I am loving this series and can't wait for each episode. This series is similar to the series Vikings but is based in England at around the time that Vikings had taken control of a lot of England. <br/><br/>At times it feels like you can see the extent to there budget as an army might consist of a closeup of a handful of men, but gore and effects are realistic and well done and the acting is good and believable.<br/><br/>Imagine Game of Thrones with a smaller budget, no make believe and a more focused story line. I have watched many shows and series over the years from GoT to The Witcher. Now this series is up to both of the ones I mentioned. Its laced with real history told in a great and exciting way. The fighting and battles are outstanding. If you like Vikings, swords and good old fashioned fun this show is for you. This, perhaps, could be what GoT could never be. Starts of slow but progressively gets better. Definitely among the top medieval shows out there. INCREDIBLE series!! we binge watched season 4 yesterday. NOW I CANT wait for season 5. I have watched the first 3 seasons 4 times. The characters are incredible- the story line incredible- even the history you can pull from this is incredible. The acting is (you guessed it) INCREDIBLE. The only down side is the wait in between seasons is PAINFUL. You get so vested in the characters- you actually miss them (Or at least I do) I cant stress enough how special this series is- but be warned you get addicted #areslings #thelastkingdom #season4doesntdisappoint I found this series much better than GOT. Highly underrated. Better than Game of Thrones, terrific acting and action scenes, fast paced best show on TV. period. From the sets and locations to the cast and writing this show got better with every episode. More realistic than Game O Ts and less reliant on cheap gratuitousness, THE LAST KINGDOM not only thrills, its also somewhat based in real history. Suck it, G.O.T.. The characters are solid and round and you really feel like you know them, the language is spot on and at no point do you get those moments when the production becomes visible. From start to finish you will be swept up in an adventure that seems much closer to the source than other similar interpretations comparable shows. Akin to the finest stories ever told. 11 out of 10 My kids will watch this show. Uthred and his companions- finan, sihtrich, and osforth- are the quintessential virtuous men who live not for fame, glory, money, but by unremitting commitment to their values. They ask nothing in return. The means is the end for them, and that is what makes these brave men the most dangerous and feared, on the one hand, and adored and loved on the other. Destiny is All.<br/><br/>Many people have compared it to Game of Thrones. Game of Thrones discards, or rather undermines the permanence and importance of virtue in politics and power. It demonstrates that human beings are essentially motivated by their own individual desires, and virtue is nothing but that desire being shared by others as well. If one does have true convictions in the welfare of others, it is a futile endeavor and they will never succeed (Jon Snow, Eddard Stark, Varys) The Last Kingdom, however, values and cherishes the importance of virtue. The life truly worth living is one in which a man acts with conviction with what is right and true. Their legacies will prevail, their importance will be noted, and their bravery will vanquish evil (Ugreth, Alfred, his daughter, Beocca, etc). In other words, a virtuous life is substantive and will yield great results. In Game of thrones, this is not the case. This is one of the best historic shows l've enjoyed to see, very good actors, good intrigue within an historical and epically environment , absolutely captivating and one feels sorry when it reaches the end... l sincerely hope that a 5th series will come soon and maybe a 6th...??? Enjoyed every minute, everything about this series is breath taking!! Just hope we get the next series soon!! A truly great show, historically interesting, great acting, sets, costumes, cinematography and writing are all exceptional. Am mid way through series one and cannot stop watching. Highly recommend. Just started watching a couple of episodes and I ended up watching all 3 seasons in a week!!!! Season 4 comes out tomorrow on Netflix ! So excited !!!! This is the series Vikings, but better.<br/><br/>It's never boring. It's never sacrificing realism for Hollywood images. It will catch you off guard, but realistically, very rare last minute saves. It's less theatrical and more humble, realist. The plot is evolving every episode with realism but unpredictability. Watched thru season 2 so far. Great set of characters and cast. Has both engaging action and drama. Highly recommend it, especially those interested in midieval times. Great way to rebound after finishing the Witcher earlier this year! Absolutely WONDERFUL series and it has reintroduced me to the history of the British Isles in a big way! Alfred the Great - stunning performance from David Dawson, and I had no idea about this great King of ours <3<br/><br/>I cannot wait for Season 4. I also fail to understand why on earth the BBC would pass up on this gem of a series - what could their reasoning have been? I tire of the endless posts across IMDB who argue 'accuracy'... one I just read was talking about the swords not original of the time, another talking about their shields and how awful it was they weren't original from the time period. I don't kbow about most, but if it doesn't say DOCUMENTARY in the caption lines, I don't expect a lot of accuracy. If I want accuracy I'll read a history book about the time period or watch a DOCUMENTARY. This is a TV show you brainless haters... it doesn't claim to be a documentary just as Versailles, Johnny English, Popeye or Pirates of the Caribbean don't either... it's ENTERTAINMENT and when judged against that I have to say it's very entertaining, even captivating... I've watched each season in less than a week after Netflix dropped it online. I haven't been writing reviews although I've rated over 2,500 movies on IMDB and I'm going to start writing more because I see so many good shows and movies get blasted by people who clearly have expectations that aren't even in line with what the writers, actors, directors and producers had in mind. Every show cannot be an Oscar winning true story and which so many of those aren't what I want most in a show or movie.. what I want is to be ENTERTAINED. Isn't that what it's all about?
I ask you guys who hate on everything... and yes I've gone back and looked at many of the negative reviewers and a significant proportion of you rag out everything you watch. You must be expecting something most of us don't... or you might just be assholes, either way I'm going to weigh in kore and I encourage all of you to do the same! It's the folks who hate everything who seem to have time to write online about it... we all need to do our part online and stop letting the haters in this world control the views and ideas that our children are reading! Speak up... don't be I timidated by idiots who thinking being a critic means being critical. Give your two cents... and I'll bet we'd see an overwhelmingly different flavor of reviews if you did. This series is a 10 based on the fact it's ENTERTAINING as hell!! As a professional writer and fan of Bernard Cornwell's "Saxon Series", I was waiting anxiously in the months up to the series premiere. It does not disappoint. Here is something we can get our teeth into: a rollicking good story, true to Cornwell's books; a handsome hero worth investing in; gorgeous camera-work and set; excellent performances from an extended cast of both seasoned actors and newcomers (with the lead performance, 'Uhtred", a real standout). The series takes the viewer back in time to a place where loyalties were complex, as was morality. Not just an action series, the wonderful writing asks us to think about questions surrounding loyalty, heroism, religion, duty. I can't wait for Season 2.<br/><br/>The series makes necessary adaptations to the storyline, both for reasons of expediency in bringing the vast and complex story to the screen, and because some decisions were obviously made in production. The most obvious to me was that a more woman-friendly storyline has been written into a very male epic. Although in Cornwell's books women get a passing mention, and female characters are never really given any depth, here we have multi-dimensional female characters that function to not only decorate, but actually add, to the story. This makes the series attractive to both sexes and frankly, much more realistic and interesting overall.<br/><br/>Cornwell's books are hard on the newfound Christianity in the early English kingdom. By his own admission, he is biased against the religion, and it shows in his inability to treat it realistically and according to historical record. Unfortunately, the series writer and producers seem to have caved to the same modern anti-Christian mantra, and failed to convey the lives of these early Christians fairly or with much understanding of their actual motives. Here, they are, almost unfailingly, fanatics and villains. The question as to why the Christian faith, wholly without violence, managed to sweep over the English peoples and eventually much of the Danish, with little opposition, is never intelligently explored. But again, this is also the case in the books, so the series writer hadn't much to work with. <br/><br/>Other than that, and some questions this amateur historian has about problems with Alfred's characterization, the series goes a long way toward painting an engaging profile of Anglo-Saxon era England.<br/><br/>Violence is rife in this series, but I did not find it excessive - given the subject matter, an era when violence abounded - nor ever gratuitous. Unlike Game of Thrones, which seems to take joy in rape for entertainment's sake and gore for the sheer delight of it, The Last Kingdom does not wallow in ugliness, while it tries to paint a realistic picture. As a woman, I didn't feel I needed a shower after watching an episode of this. <br/><br/>An insider hinted to me that a second season is in the planning. I certainly hope so, because the BBC would be foolish not to provide one. Much better written than Vikings. It has all the hardcore fighting but adds so much more into the storyline & character development. There is even clever bits of humor sprinkled in throughout. The series starts a little slow... (give it a cple episodes before you decide) but more than makes up for it in the end. As is in reality, no side comes out as being all good or all bad. All characters have their human flaws displayed. Loved season 1-3. Great story and character building
Season 4 is filled with disappointing character decisions and choices
Not that season 1-3 has realistic scenarios but season 4 takes this to another level of unbelievable
Hope season 5 can redeem the show I watched the first 3 seasons 3 times and enjoyed every minute of it. Season 4 on the other hand was just bad. Too much Drama and and too much feminism and totally unrealistic time sprinting through the events.. This is by far is the best show I have ever watched. Every single episode of this TV series makes you nail in your chair. I love it.... as a matter of fact the 4th season came yesterday and I have watched the entire 10 episodes today. It was absolutely astonishing and adventurous, actions, sacrificing, and si forth. Thank you for you have done....cant wait for the 5th season... Everything about it is beautiful. The actors/actresses do an outstanding job to bring this to life. The soundtrack is awesome. This show needs so much more attention then it gets. love to the talk family and everyone who makes it happen I watched the first 3 seasons in 3 days! Then I watched season 4 in one day. Best series I have ever watched! This is one of THE most underrated shows of all time. It deserves much more popularity and recognition! This is Netflix' best show out! A must watch... ! The glorious first 3 seasons of the vikings left a void in many medieval fans because of how much the show deteriorated after that. The Last Kingdom is the perfect show to fill this void, and much more.<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom is an extremely captivating show which seems to keep getting better every season. The first 2 seasons were amazing, with tight narratives, great acting, well choreographed fight sequences and much more. Then came season 3, which had a Netflix budget backing it, and it was an absolute masterpiece. Every moment of every episode had you on edge.<br/><br/>Season 3 marked the ending of one saga, and season 4 had a slight tone shift, but it was smoothly transitioned. The only thing I can say is I miss David Dawson. He did a most amazing job as King Alfred.<br/><br/>All in all, this show is must watch for all medieval fans, and even others. I would definitely recommend this show to everyone. A solid 10/10 has never been easier for me to give. This show surprises me. It really is unpredictable To keep u sucked in, you are satisfied as the show is gripping and suspenseful enough without the usual good guy always winning (you'll see). I'm giving it 10/10 because the storyline moves along and it's not slow. It really is a surprise to find this show in 2020 and I'd say it's underrated. The plots are believable and the twists keep you guessing. Just finished watching this and I honestly think I prefer this to Game of Thrones. Smaller story, less fantastical and based on true events of the time. Great cast and acting. We want more!!!! One of the best historical thriller i have watched. A show with a good storyline and great character development.. Interesting to see how much sacrifices one can make for the well-being of people and yet receive so little in return. The chemistry between Uthred and Alfred is also quite interesting to watch. An Incredible epic tale that binds from the first moments. The writers and actors give realism to the characters that rival any other historical series I have seen. They give clarity to some true figures and story lines in history with a passion that swoops you up and carries you from start to finish. I have laughed and cried throughout and I crave every season. Can't wait for more. I have watched the series 4x already. Every episode will have you sitting on the edge of your seat wanting more. I still like season 4, I really do, but what on earth have they done with the battles? Main characters don't wear helmets in the movies for a number of reasons - I'm OK with that - but what is Netflix doing with the armour? In season 1 we can see King Aethelred and Alfred getting ready for the battle putting on chain mail armour with a mail coif (a flexible hood of chain mail). In the following episodes Alfred always wears chain mail armour when he is with his army. In season 3 when Netflix takes Kingdom under its caring wing we can see a funny scene: Alfred is in his usual chain mail armour going into the battle and his son Edward wearing some sort of jerkin instead of any armour (?!) right next to him. In season 4 things have gone worse and even funnier. When king Edward has led his armies to help his sister Aethelflaed, Wessex soldiers and king's "bodyguard" Steapa seem to have better ammunition than their king. Besides, in this battle it's Danes army that uses cavalry (?!) not Wessex. One scene: king Edward is on horseback close enough to save Aethelflaed with his sniper shot... whoosh and in the next scene he is fighting on foot wearing his "armoured" jerkin. (However, in its Witcher series Netflix made King Foltest have dinner and Queen Calanthe join the feast wearing their plate (!!!) armour). On the other hand, I do understand why Edward doesn't care for chain mail armour, as in this series it's easily pierced with every single arrow - so what's the use of it? Other stupid things in the season include ignoring Uhtred's younger son, Haesten's foolish behaviour when he got Uhtred and, of course, Edward's dumbest attack on the town walls with horsemen.
A friend of mine once said that Netflix is like King Midas but the one who turns everything he touches into a substance very different from gold. With all these tv shows out there changing tune and atmosphere every season, The Last Kingdom stays true to its purpose, to tell the story of 800s england-in-the-making. Never predictable but always one step ahead of you it keeps you on edge.<br/><br/>Utred always torn between Danes and Christians, represents both the best and worst of each side. He, Beocca, Brida,the queen and mostly king Alfred are well written and played characters driven by the tide of their time either following blindly the values and ethics they were brought out with or changing themselves and the future of the world they live in.<br/><br/>All these either/or, I believe, is the best thing this show gives you multiple times; had YOU been there who would YOU have been, how would YOU have acted? Would YOU have been on the right side of history? (And what side was actually right anyway?)<br/><br/>Inarguably, one of the best TV shows I' ve seen. Keep it going !! Watched all seasons, all fantastic. My favourite is Season 4. Please make 5 and 6. Loved it. Pity to wait so long for each season. Initially I was in to this show. The constant back stabbing and sh#ty treatment of the main character got annoying more than anything. A weasel ingrate of a "king"and his goof wife did not make it entertaining, just frustrating. This goes on for so many episodes, Which is either I want to be very effective Or heartbreaking in a way. I toughed it out and was rewarded with a good show once again. Season 2 picked back up in the end We get to see Euhtred get a little revenge, which is so rewarding to watch. We are off to a badass start with season 3. I'm hoping it stays this way as focusing on Alfred truly does ruin the show. Give it watch if you like the middle ages. Plenty of battles although I'd like more swearing and nudity. Earn that MA rating! This show is amazing. I would even go as far as saying it rivals GoT but with a more realistic and somewhat historical foundation. Give it a shot, I doubt you will be disappointed. Completely gues you throughout .. destiny is all ..
Amazing characters and their spirit I was impressed with the fighting in this show. Actually real shield walls. A few problems though. Only an idiot would not wear a helmet in conflict Too many times no helmet. At least the Shields were right. Too many movies have a Viking style shield with arm straps. Needless to say with a flat shield, that would not work. The only way to easily use such a shield is to hold it at the center of balance, which is why they have a boss, and a handle in the center to grab. To use straps you need to get the center of weight back, which requires a curved shield. However, where are the shields when some men are on horseback...never see Uhtred with a shield on horseback. Then there is the wearing of the sword on the back, which is fine for a rather short blade of maybe 18" but any longer it cannot be drawn. At least only Uhtred wears a sword in this impractical way. Then there is the use of two handed sword (at most this should be a hand and a half sword), this was way to unwieldy to use with a shield. Also is Another thing I noticed was that when a bow is drawn it was not drawn to the ear as was done until recently. Finest values of production, superb cinematography and exceptional writing... The Last Kingdom is easy to overlook due to the more high profile GoT and Vikings, and the slew of copycat films and series they generated. However, so far it has proven to be a much more superior series altogether. Alexander Dreymon is mesmerising as Uhtred and the storylines for each season are complete in themselves, which is quite a clever device considering the ruthlessness of production companies who bin shows at the drop of a hat. There is a good balance of action and intelligent story telling; I just hope it doesn't fall victim to the GoT effect and deteriorate into brutality and shock tactics using sex and nudity to try to keep viewers interested. I'm not a prude but I much prefer an interesting story without graphic sexual content, its unnecessary. I also hope the writers continue to treat fans as intelligent beings and offer gripping stories. I'm looking forward to series 5 which is earmarked for release next year. Absolutely amazing TV series. Almost all episodes have a fight scene, lots of action and are very intense moments. And there is also humorous quotes, beside tention and drama.
It is also a wonderful way to learn more about the story os England, because the tv story is very accurate with historical events. My favorite TV série by far. Best series I have watched for a very long time. Brilliantly written and draws you right in to the story. The cast are fantastic and Alex Dreymon plays a brilliant Uhtred. This program just leaves you wanting more and more. Please please please make more and keep the writing top notch. This is a winner every time. This is an outstanding tv series. The cast is great as well as the storyline. Gets addictive very quickly. My go to show on Netflix. Don't know how many times I was looking for something to watch on Netflix, couldn't find anything and went back to the last kingdom. Never disappointed. It's a great show & can't wait for another season. Destiny is all! I enjoyed series one and two (the BBC series) they were dark and well thought out. I started series 3 with high hopes and was slightly disappointed, not as well written, far more soap than epic. But series 4 is pure soap, it doesn't hold a candle to the first 2 series. I'm grinding through S4 but I'm not enjoying it nearly as much. Thanks Netflix. ;~(. Gone from a 9+ to a 7-. Too much chatter and sex, not enough quality historical epic. This series is 10/10 maybe there is a little unrealistic but we like it.<br/><br/>Finn and setrek 10/10<br/><br/>Alfrid was very good the acter was perfect Great Story , Great Acting , Load's of Action , Loveable Character's , Heartbreaking Moment's , a bit of everything. Then their's Uhtred - A Great Warrior and Protector , Fearless , Loyal , Stubborn , Fair , Just and Handsome 😁 I love this show It has it all history drama comedy great writing along with settings and acting I have just started to watch the series from the first season again it is that good .<br/><br/>I think this show and Vikings are 2 of the best action packed captivating and superb historical dramas of the decade. Such a shame as I think it is on its last season as is Vikings I will miss such excellence If you loved GOT and Vikings then this is a must see series! It captures you from the first episode and you know it's only gonna get better - and it does. So many great actors. Alexander Dreymon is superb as Uhtred. This series is surely due some awards!! Now my favourite series of all time! ❤❤ If you like history, adventure, smart writing, great acting, this show is a must see! The best series I have seen in years. This is a fantastic adaption of the books. Cannot wait for season 4. From the acting, directing and cinematography, this is the best series I have ever seen! You will NOT be disappointed! I have watched seasons 1-3 several times. Waiting for season 4. Destiny is all. This is one of the most underrated TV shows of all time. I am so happy I decided to give it a try. I literally watched the first season in one day. Thank you Netflix for supporting this show!!!! Cant wait for season 4 This is the best historical series ever made IMO. Great cast, production and script. It really brings to life an interesting and pivotal period in English history. Alexander Dreymon is brilliant as the lead character, Uhtred. David Dawson is also excellent as King Alfred. Looking forward to series 4 coming out soon! It just keep getting better and better each episode. I can't for the next season! It is playful and not so serious in the beginning but touched me deep to the core as more the series goes on.
The questions the series asks are important and full of wisdom.
Alfred and Uthred are both great Men in their own way. Their relationship also touched me deeply.
Both are not free and led by their responsibility which made them great Men, but also required big sacrifices from them.
Their relationship is one of the saddest things i saw in film history so far. I hear there will be a season 4, and I thank you for that, and hope for many more. I find myself easily immersed in a story line with ample twists and turns. The cinematography, music, action, and wonderful acting are all in the recipe for this wonderful show. I have watched and rewatched. This series is so amazing that I continue to revisit it again and again. It's is very well written with so many great characters and great acting. It rivals GOT and I'm surprised that more people haven't discovered this wonderful series. I'm anxiously awaiting season 4! Such a shame that The Last Kingdom sort of went under the radar. The Last Kingdom is my favourite show of all time!<br/><br/>The cast is absolutely amazing, the storylines are thrilling and the fighting is outstanding! Each episode is filled with excitement and new storylines. I have never wrote a review before, but this show made me write a review.
All I need to say about this show is that once you start watching it you can't stop. It will make you fall in love with all the characters. You'll laugh and cry at the same time.
I am desperately waiting for Season 4. I'm glad i stumbled into this series while browsing thru Netflix. Can't stop watching it. Loves the plot and storyline. Can't wait for season 4. I loved the Game of Thrones and this comes pretty close (without the dragons). The acting is good and the story telling is good as well. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys going way back in time and history! I don't know where to start, this show is really underrated, every aspect from visuals, characters and story line is just perfected by the director and the amazing talented cast, can't wait for season 4 I just discovered this gem while bored out of my head working from home and looking for 'medieval films' on youtube. I am so surprised and annoyed I did not find it earlier. This was an amazing series, I binge-watched the 3 series in 4 days and I feel now like a drug addict in withdrawal. Uhtred, Father Beocca and Alfred mostly have been amazing and especially Alfred!!! Great credible battle scenes, beautiful costumes and make-up, fun dialogues, not one moment was boring!! I enjoyed this. I don't think it should always be compared to Game of Thrones, because it isn't fantasy and it isn't epic.<br/><br/>This is a Historical piece that is more in keeping with "The Eagle" or the Brother Cadfael series.<br/><br/>The whole thing has a deliciously realistic feel with the numbers understated rather than overstated. This was an era where a few men could turn a battle, and might was right.<br/><br/>The acting is enough to keep you believing and the sets and costumes don't break anything. The story is interesting and has enough twists and turns, to keep you watching, but predictable enough to give you that feeling that you understand the characters, who behave as you would expect.<br/><br/>Highly recommended. I like watching the series, but some of the mistakes are quite jarring to me. I may be called an anorak, but the wrong shields really stand out like a sore thumb. Whoever the historical consultant is must surely know what an Anglo-Saxon shield in 880CE looks like? Certainly nothing like the ones in the show. Also the principal weapon was the spear. Virtually every warrior would use a spear. Not a sword. Also hardly anyone wore armour, as it was a sign of wealth. The mail that they wear in the show is wrong anyway. The leather gear worn by some of the main characters looks more like something out of fantasy show than anything historical. As for the 'shield wall' depicted, clearly they have no idea what an actual shield wall was like. The Last Kingdom is the most underrated webseries standing with Game of Thrones and Vikings based on war or action. The biggest achievement and asset this series have is the well written and gripping story. Slowly started in the season 1 and takes 2-3 episodes to make a great base for the upcoming years and 100/100 to the storyline because it looks so promising. The slow and strong start makes this series more promising, and after that there is nothing stopping this series to become one of the most superb webseries ever. All the characters are well written and the main character of Uhtred by Alexander Dreymon is the soul of the series.
Season 1 to 4 each and every episode is worth watching.This series is the most underrated webseries and everybody have to watch it. You'll regret if you haven't watch this series yet. Seasons 1-3 were stunning. Why is season 4 such a drag? I'm so sad to even be saying this... I definitely want a season 5 for redemption!! Great characters, fast moving pace and convincing actions scenes.<br/><br/>Love Uhtred, Son of Uhtred Very interesting story and great acting by the actors. I was pleasantly surprised watching this series. It definitely keeps you interested. I would recommend it for purely entertainment purposes and yes you'll learn some things. This show is well written with a lot of historic situations between both kings and peasants. Cultures clash and work together to retain power and influence. This series is so underrated. Each season compared to other series is like 3 seasons.
Too much excitement, it makes you laugh,sad,thrilled. Its just amazing Amazing series must watch series also addictive waiting for season 4 Have re watched the seasons 4-5 times over such an incredible series. Cannot wait for season 4!!!! Absolutely brilliant, can't wait for season4. Keeps you entertained through out, watched this 4 times already. There's a few reasons why I think it's a little better. First, it's based on real history, whereas GoT is completely fictional. So you can say it's somewhat educational. I found myself reading Wikipedia to learn the history as I was watching. The story is also more focused. Whereas, GoT had many, and perhaps too many, characters and subplots which made me lose track of what everyone was doing, Last Kingdom is mostly focused on the hero Uhtred, King Alfred, and whoever the enemies happen to be during the season. The story is also deeply connected to Christianity which makes it more meaningful to me personally.<br/><br/>What else is different? The map is smaller. The story takes place entirely in the southern part of England below Hadrian's Wall. That would be medieval Wessex, Mercia, Northumbria, and East Anglia. GoT, on the other hand, has significant parts of the story occurring in their fictional version of continental Europe/Asia.<br/><br/>There is at least one aspect that bothered me throughout the first three seasons, and that is the obvious plot holes in the story and the dumb and stupid decisions Uhtred and others kept making. I found myself on many occasions thinking: Why did he/she do that? Why didn't he/she do this instead? Does he have amnesia and doesn't remember that this happened?<br/><br/>As far as the main characters, Uhtred and Alfred are both likable and unlikeable. They are flawed men who make bad decisions. I had issues with both of them. If you want someone to root for, there are some. I like Hild, Beocca, Finan, Sihtric, and Alfred's son and daughter.<br/><br/>I rate this show a low 8 based on the first three seasons. I may change the rating after season 4. If you were a fan of Game of Thrones. This show is for you. If you are a fan of Vikings, this show is also for you.
This show from the very 1st episode to the last, to the the last episode in season 4 is highly addictive. If you like GOT or Vikings then this show is just it. The adaptations are done very well. They have been able to capture the most important parts of the books, so if you've read them you won't be disappointed with the show. It's also not required to read them to like the show, as it's good all on its own. It covers a fascinating time in history. My only issue with season 4 is that the one playing Sigtryggr (who is a beloved side character in the books) was a bit of a let down. The character Cornwell created is supposed to be joyful in every moment, a charming rogue, not someone filled with malice. But that's not enough to ruin anything. Hope they do many more seasons. This series is so underrated. It's easily one of the best I've ever watched. Just completed S04 and I gotta say, it gets better by the minute. One thing I'd like to draw attention in particular is the character development. There are so many characters that we see grow into different ones in parallel - and this is what makes it non-repetitive and unique at the same time. The show rarely use filler scripts and is never scared to do time jumps in months & years. If you like progression in fictional scripts, you must give TLK a chance. I'm thrilled with all four seasons.
I' m expecting Season 5. :) The Last Kingdom is far better than Vikings. Every character is exceptional. From the brave warrior to the sneaky weasel, I loved them all. I have never saw a show where I thought all the roles were great like they are in The Last Kingdom. I really hope this show continues with a fifth season. Ive seen vikings got and this but this one really strikes my heart. Especially in season 4 they say that sigyrtrt is a kin of ivar the boneless. More of that please! Or some prequels or side shows. We want more! And thanks for what we have seen Amazing show, brilliant cast (most of all , Alexander Dreymon impressed me).
Hope we will see season 5! As a fan or Bernard Cornwell's books and especially the latest series, "The Last Kingdom Series (Formerly The Warlord Chronicles), I was excited to hear they were being made onto a TV series. My trepidation was that they may end up much like the ponderously slow and almost boring series "Vikings". I am happy to say this is not the case as the creators of The Last Kingdom have done a marvelous job bringing Uthred of Bennanburg to life. And the casting of relative unknown, Alexander Dreymon was very well done as he does a very fine job of Uthred and is much as I see him in my imagination. The rest of the cast are mostly unknown to North American audiences except for Ian Hart. Now to the show. I have to commend the producers for the battle scenes as they are very well done with the right amount of blood spatter and sword thrusts that give a very realistic view of what is was like in a shield wall battle or as a sword fighter. The wardrobe is accurate and the set decoration very impressive. They have chosen great locations for this shoot and did not skimp on the sets, props or wardrobe. This first series is a good representation of the Bernard Cornwell book that it comes from and as there are 8 other books to date, it should have a long run. A highly recommended TV series to watch if you are at all interested in the period of English history in the 1st century. Alfred the Great was a real ruler and Cornwell is known for his exhaustive research into his stories and characters. Season 4 is terrible. All the female characters are strong, get things done types. While all the men are stupid and incapable of anything , except hugging each other and crying. Because that what male warriors did in them days.
The acting is is pretty bad in parts as well, with some actors appear to have given up on their characters(looking at you Brida). While other characters are shadows of the previous 3 seasons(Uhtred).
This is from someone who has watched all previous seasons many times. All i can say is find some new writers or there wont be too many more seasons after this. Just like the curate's egg, this is good in parts. Sadly, the good parts are far fewer than the not so good.<br/><br/>The storyline wanders around, often jumping from scene to scene with little logic. Many of the Saxon characters owe more to 21st century attitudes and behaviour than to the 9th century, with clean cut 'pretty boys' leading the way but closely followed by seemingly liberated women. Neither Uhtred nor Alfred show any of the charisma necessary for leadership in those savage times and I'd have been firmly on the side of the Danes, the only ones who seem vaguely realistic.<br/><br/>While there are some good parts, notably the battle scenes, which are far too few, and the nasty Danes, the overall pace is slow and the plot development is tedious. Much of it is simply boring and fails to grab one's attention; the rest is disjointed, often confusing and far too full of modern phraseology.<br/><br/>It isn't rubbish but neither is it a triumph. 'Middling' is the best I can say for it. The 4th season was amazing. They did an amazing job, in everything in this show. From director to actors to every single individual in this project a huge thank you to a very successful show. My wife and I and wanting to know when is season 5 coming. This is not a bad show by any means. The actors are fine, though why Uthred couldn't be blonde like a Dane is beyond me. That was a major point in the books. The production is bit limited and the story skips a lot of the material, but it's a good show and worth watching. But the one thing missing is the humor. The books had me laughing out loud, and Uthred's wry internal comments were so much fun. That's just totally missing from the show. Everything is dark and serious, with a brooding soundtrack. It's still an 8 star show but I would have used a very different flavor with the material. Also, speaking of the soundtrack... it's pretty bad. Keyboards and middle eastern chanting. Nothing like music of 9th century England would have sounded like. The avg rating for season 4 is 9.1 so nearly everybody watching it thinks it was first class and awesome TV. Disregard the dissenters, the entire Series has been so enjoyable and the acting is first rate! You just want more, hard to turn it off! Just finished season 4. Great character developments - Uhtred, Brida, Aelswith, Edward, Finan, Aethelflaed - it was amazing to the change and growth through their choices and circumstances. You can see their past experiences weighing down and influencing their thoughts and actions. They all had to make very hard decisions and sacrifices.<br/><br/>Cinematography - Visually I think it was stunning! The locations were amazing. Loved the wide shots. Loved the colours. The only thing I could've done without are the close-up bits, when the camera just sort of slows down and gets blurry. Like when Aelfwynn sees the black crow and follows it. I hate those in movies...but that's just my personal taste.<br/><br/>Actions - I have no words. The battles, the 1-1 fights. The guys have really outdone themselves this season..I loved the 1-1 fights, truly shows how great a fighter Uhtred is even without a sword. It was good to see Uhtred being intimate, he deserved some serious business time. Brida hacking away at people wow that was intense, you could feel her pain and rage, same for Edward. Timothy was brilliant. You could feel his torment.<br/><br/>Relationships - I love seeing Uhtred's relationship with his kids. Also with Finan. Wish there was more screentime dedicated to those special 1-1 moments. Uhtred loves someone and loses them, I feel really sad for him. I was happy to see Aelswith finally get a moment where she sees him the way Alfred did. Bloody weasel haesten, why Uhtred keeps letting him go. I am still reeling from Beocca's death, I can't believe they did that. I'm devastated. Like Uhtred said he had been the constant in his life and he has been for us too through our journey with Uhtred. Whyyyyyy...the only thing I can think of is maybe it was required for Uhtred to step up as a father like Beocca was to him. I love Sigtryggr, he's interesting, you can see he's different and he thinks and his values aligns a lot to that of Uhtred in a lot of ways and I think that's why he accepted Stiorra going with him. I hope we can see more of that in S5.<br/><br/>Overall I think they did a pretty good job in terms of storylines from a book reader's perspective. I still don't understand why they didn't at least mention Uhtred's youngest son but I'm assuming he's tucked away safely being cared for somewhere. The focus was more on the 2 older children. If we go to S5, there's a big part where Uhtred raises him and Aethelstan together and teach them how to become warriors. What a freaky coincidence with the sickness and what's happening now.<br/><br/>If I had to be completely honest, my least fav part was the guys just running and walking for so long through the woods, up the hills, down the hill, across the hill, I understand some of it is needed for the storyline but so much? must have been exhausting and carrying a child too! That time could've been used to show more intimate moments between the characters in those scenes.That's my only negative. It's not bad, just unnecessary I felt.<br/><br/>Overall though....absolutely Epic! This season was about relationships and hard choices and character growth to me and they showed that well. It keeps getting better every season and I hope Netflix renews this for another season as there's a lot more story to tell in Uhtred's journey. The cast and crew are absolutely brilliant! Literally the best show on tv at the moment. Incredible cast and brilliant characters. Thank you Netflix! This show keeps you wanting more! Uhtred definitely keeps you wanting more! The cast seems to be in sync and they work so well together! Fingers crossed for Season 5!! The characters and plot are awesome! New season is amazing! If you haven't started watching yet you need to! I watched the Last Kingdom on Netflix because I like the genre. My expectations for the production quality where high, in that respect I was disappointed. I can't help but draw comparisons to Vikings given it has set a standard for historical drama's setting the bar very high. The rather fast pace of the story has its positives. Each episode tells its own story and doesn't leave the viewer hanging, a definite positive. However the affect on the time line is vast differences that you have to adjust to. One episode can cover half a year, another a couple of days. I like and will continue to watch the show, but the acting is definitely well below the level established in Vikings. Having a central figure that is always the "good guy" is probably what makes The Last Kingdom different from other comparable shows. Few historical drama's have a "hero" as the central figure. Characters you love, yes, but their actions are not necessarily consistently heroic. But these things make the show unique and is why I will continue watching and think those that like the genre will mostly enjoy it. It's as though the writers have paid great attention to what makes shows like Game Of Thrones & Vikings work & then applied this to the adaptation of The Last Kingdom.<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom is well written & cast. The lead (played by Alexander Dreymon) looks remarkably like Jonathan Rhys Meyers, I just have to point that out. <br/><br/>There is a dark-humour woven into the writing which always goes to make something enjoyable & the location & costume design is fitting. Obviously the story is based on a novel, so the world in which the story takes place already exists, nevertheless, imagination is not left wanting in this adaptation. <br/><br/>So far it's good & getting better. A special mention for Adrian Bower is necessary as he plays his character with a fine comedic twist.<br/><br/>*UPDATE: I had the show marked with a 9 but have dropped it to 8. There is a distinct possibility they may have cut their own throat with the last episode. I give it 2 for the clothing, dirt and grime: nothing for the story. How this series is currently rated at 8.5 bewilders me.<br/><br/>As I love history and live where the Vikings landed (north east England) I got fairly excited about the concept - we have surely had enough of The Tudors. I haven't read the books, but I'm sure that Bernard Cornwall can't be jumping for joy over this garbage.<br/><br/>There are loads of historical episodes that would make good television stories and the 9th century is one of them.<br/><br/>What amazes me about the favourable reviews is that they seem to come from the British: Americans and Germans, etc, seem to know better.<br/><br/>A great chance wasted. When I started watching this, I was convinced that it was trying to be a comical parody of programmes like Vikings or game of thrones. I think other reviews are being over supportive because us In Britain want to be Able to say that we've produce a great period/fantasy piece like the two shows mentioned. Except it's laughably poor. It's horribly melodramatic and the lead is a discount Brendan Frasier look alike. Honestly some of the acting performances are so dramatic that they make me want to cringe and convulse. Some of the writing it so poor as well. I'd say the only saving grace of the show is that it's so poor that occasionally it makes me laugh at how something this (insert appropriate profane language) was actually funded, I know plenty of budding young writers and directors in England that would kill for the opportunity to produce such a project. Argsgwhhrjrejrbhr... Honestly atrocious, appalling a complete travesty. I just hope we get to see another season. It's definitely a work of art. Good writing and great camera work. Mostly filmed in the forest landscape is a great way to do it. It's so well done it puts GOT in a run for it's money. Nothing needs to be added. There is a point in Season 4 you will say out loud that this is better than Game of Thrones I really love this show, the characters, the music and the scenery. Every episode seems to have action and the actors really bring the story to life, not to mention the fantastic fight scenes.
I'm hoping there will be a season 5, best show on Netflix by far. If you like Game of Thrones and Vikings then this is the show for you. It starts off a little slow, but stick with it. You'll thank yourself later. It gets better with every episode in season 1 which I score an 8 out of 10 leading up to season 2. Season 2 I give a 10. The betrayals and deaths are unexpected and keep you on the edge. I love Vikings and Game of Thrones because the acting, the story, plot twists. I wouldn't say The Last Kingdom is there yet with these two shows, but it has surpassed both in action by miles. To enjoy The Last Kingdom you need to put aside historical accuracy and religion. When we had a discussion board, the way Bernard Cornwell treated these two issues upset many contributors.<br/><br/>My advice: just enjoy The Last Kingdom as great adventure stories with interesting characters and story lines with a historical background. It is not a documentary. <br/><br/>Series 1 was under promoted by BBC. Series 2 is to start in Spring 2017 and the BBC is at last giving it the publicity it deserved. It's more interesting than Vikings and more realistic than Game of Thrones. The Last Kingdom will also be shown on Netflix, who co-produced Series 2 .<br/><br/>Cornwell's atheism is probably influenced by "an upbringing that is the stuff of nightmares". This is reflected in his books and the television series. Why does Cornwell have such a jaundiced view of Christianity and such an idealized view of his natural father (who deserted his mother when she became pregnant with him)? To understand this you need to read his own words in an article that appeared in the Daily Telegraph a few years ago. (Google: "a page in the life Bernard Cornwell -Telegraph")<br/><br/>Here's an extract: Cornwell was one of five children adopted by Joe and Marjorie Wiggins, members of the Peculiar People, a now-extinct Protestant fundamentalist sect based in Essex. His adoptive parents, he reflects, failed. "The family didn't ignite. We weren't a family." His elder brother John was "committed to a Salvation Army reform home in the Rhondda Valley run by a friend of my parents who I think was put in prison for (abusing) choirboys" and later killed himself. The Last Kingdom is a compelling, if somewhat confusing, historical drama. <br/><br/>The key character Uhtred is a man caught between worlds. A Saxon raised as a Viking, who then returns to his Saxon roots. What I find confusing is why does he stay? The Saxons treat him like dirt, whilst he has an open offer to join the loyal son of his dead Viking father. I can see why the dynamic has been set up this way but perhaps, like others, I'm wondering when Uhtred will see the light and change sides. <br/><br/>The acting in this series is excellent. Indeed, aside from a few inconsistencies in the plot, this series is a polished affair in all respects. <br/><br/>Eight out of ten from me. I am a big fan of the Saxon tales by Bernard Cornwell and have read each book several times. So it was with great anticipation that I awaited the release of the TV series. <br/><br/>Unfortunately I was sadly disappointed in the first episode. The first episode which charted Uhtred life from first spotting to the Norsemen until the burning of Ragnar's hall which housed his Norsemen Family was poorly told and the screenwriters should have paid more attention to the book.<br/><br/>They should have maintained Uhtred in his later years as the lord of Bebbanborg recounting his life. His acerbic narrative added much to the telling of the tale<br/><br/>Second, the Norsemen were warriors first and settlers later. They were invaders, brutal and nasty and not the cleaned up likable but misunderstood people. The allure that Uhtred found in them was the life of a warrior and not a farmer. <br/><br/>Third critical elements of his childhood were either glossed over or entirely left out such as Brida who was not captured on the initial Viking battle in Northumbria but in a subsequent invasion of a town where she distinguished herself. The Brida character in the book was a much stronger character and got involved in a later shield wall with Uhtred during the first Viking invasion of Wessex. They had made her character into nothing more tan a milkmaid. She was fierce - It left out Uhtred's serving as a spy for the Vikings in the Viking's conquest of Mercia as well as the first time he heard Alfred's voice while skulking around the Saxon camp - it left out his and Brida's first meetings with Alfred which were critical for his character development - It left out Uhtred's witnessing the Viking raiding of Mercia and the killing of its king when the king bragged that like St. Christopher, he would be protected from arrows - it left out Uhtred's love of the sea - it left out his dislike of priests and Christianity and his embracing of Paganism IN fact it left out so many critical elements to the book that the resulting mess was a choppy bit of drool.<br/><br/>Uhtred is arrogant, profane, heretical, moral, violent, impulsive and at times very funny. He is sarcastic, loyal and fearless. This is not the character that you are developing. In fact you are turning Uhtred into a milky toast, cleaned up pseudo- viking instead of the complicated and warlike protagonist that he was.<br/><br/>Come on guys, if this is the best you can do, then you should not have done it at all. Get it together and get it right or prepare for a short stint on TV.<br/><br/>If you can't do it right than give it to someone who can. Anybody know Peter Jackson's telephone number More realistic and better acted than game of thrones. I couldn't help but fall in love with these characters and of course Uhtred. I was impressed with the fighting in this show. Actually real shield walls. A few problems though. Only an idiot would not wear a helmet in conflict Too many times no helmet. At least the Shields were right. Too many movies have a Viking style shield with arm straps. Needless to say with a flat shield, that would not work. The only way to easily use such a shield is to hold it at the center of balance, which is why they have a boss, and a handle to grab. To use straps you need to get the center of weight back, which requires a curved shield. Another thing I noticed was that when a bow is drawn it was not drawn to the ear as was done until recently. This series is amazing. I have watched the three seasons over six times, waiting for season 4. I was never interested in history at school but TLK has me fascinated. The cast are wonderful, and the story is easy to follow and get caught up in. Please don't ever stop showing this on Netflix. I watch so many series on here. Animal Kingdom, Ozar, Bates Motel, Queen of the South, El Chapo to name a few. Love love love Netflix Love the show.. binge watching has caused a few sleep deprived nights but Uthred, why do you sound like a South African..
Kills the 'feels'..
Bu seriously. The show is that good that the Skade put a curse on me also, I will never hump another.. ðŸ˜¢ Where does lie success of this Netflix historical series ?
Yes, you are right, szenario, historical facts,story.... But in this case the winner is cast and very human patient presentation of the movie of this cast. Clearly see how truly talks about the work on this Alexander Dreymon or Harry McEntire or great David Dawson. Netflix did extraordinary - but simple work in marketing.. Hat down! This was a show I had been meaning to watch for some time but for one reason or another never got round to it. I'm so glad I finally got round to it was hooked straight away the story flows brilliant nothing is dragged out to long each episode flows. One of the best shows I've watched in along time. A must watch for anyone interested in history or just a good story it's brilliant. The characters are played really well particularly King Alfred, David Dawson brings the right balance to the character. I feel the entire cast is superb all play they're respective roles superbly. This show definitely deserve more recognition, I feel that people may feel this a GOT rip off but it is NOTHING like it. Although fiction some of the characters are historically correct as well as some of the battles. A must watch. The characters are so well written
The acting excellent
The direction captivating Love Utred and how his character develops and matured throughout the episodes. Really hope there is a season after season can't get enough of it!!! Just finished season 2 and I can't believe how good this show is .<br/><br/>The acting/cast the story and how it's shot is as good as good as you can get . This is one if the best shows I've ever seen. Wow! That's all I have to say. I'm surprised there not more hype around this show, but it is simply superb. The storyline is intriguing and the characters are believable and very well written. Looking forward to a season 4 You cannot compare this series to any other.
The twisted tale of history with fiction combine to give you a roller coaster of emotions.
The casting and acting has been spot on, you can't fault them.
The sets, scenery and costumes are wonderful.
I'm not great at long descriptions. But do yourself a favour and watch. You won't regret it.
Bernard Cornwell thank you for the books series, and I hope they make the tv seasons to follow. Season 1 is developmental. As events occur characters are changed and shaped into their true selves. After watching season 1 I enjoyed the show but wasn't blown away. Seasons 2 and 3 turned this promising show into an all timer. It's really that good. The characters, scenery, and acting are all AMAZING. It's truly a time shifting experience watching The Last Kingdom. The show runners seem to know they have gold here, every season gets bigger and bolder. Can't wait for season 4!!!! This is really one of the best tv shows i've ever seen .. just WATCH !!! This series is utterly fantastic! There is a mix of everything - sadness, adventure, romance, intensity, and humor in all the right places!! Give this show all the awards!!! Another Vikings era master piece yet not so much famous though !
Unsung TV Series :) So far I have watched season 1 and 2 and 5 episodes of series 3. Much better than GOF by a mile. Just love this, superb locations and acting in particular the lead actor who deserves an Oscar. This third series has been abit more gory, but please Netflix commission a series 4. Don't let us fans down! This show is amazing. The characters, the plot, the realism, the costumes, everything about this show is fantastic. It's better than Game of Thrones. The previous reviewers have pretty much captured the essence of the show. What I'd like to add is that with every season The Last Kingdom got better.<br/><br/>I just finished binge-watching Season 3 on Netflix, and I have to say I'm surprised how they managed to turn this show into an absolute gem.
It's impossible to review without spoiling anything, so I'll keep it short: The writing got even better, the characters and storylines much more intricate and captivating. The decease of some characters of the first seasons didn't feel forced, it was all part of a greater story and change that we will hopefully explore in the next season.<br/><br/>It will be a bit of a challenge to continue this trend, with some crucial parts missing that we have seen in the first seasons. I strongly believe that is is possible, especially after the strong writing they have established in Season 3. Very entertaining and educational show, loved the cast. Highly recommend it, romantic and historical.. What I thoroughly love about "The Last Kingdom", is the fact that it's based on history. GOT is nothing, but pure fantasy, fiction. I love how the producers, directors, writers, etc, all came together in creating a phenomenal show. Out of all the medieval movies and shows I've watched "The Last Kingdom" is a high definite YES!! SO WORTH WATCHING! I get hooked on shows that have great writing along with a great cast and this one has both! The lead actor came out of no where for me. There is no one who has an accent like Alexander on television, and it suits his part extremely well playing the middleman between Dane/Saxon. This definitely helps fill the void after Game of Thrones ended. Many thanks to the entire television cast and crew for making a high quality television series. Please keep the show going! First three seasons are great however season four was a bit slow and heavy on the politics Love this Series!! The main character Uhtred, lives by honor and respect. Men either want to be like him or fear him because the Gods are always on his favor. I love renaissance pieces. Love all the battle scenes. I'm on my 3rd rewatch!!
Can't wait for Season 5 I watch a lot of television and am very picky about all elements of tv shows (sometimes to my own detriment), so I went into this show with an open mind but expecting very little.<br/><br/>I couldn't have been more surprised by how much I ended up loving this show!<br/><br/>Even though the show is rated 8.3/10 right now ON IMDB, I honestly think this show should be in the 8.9 or 9/10 range. There are many shows rated higher than The Last Kingdom that just don't compare (such as Ozark, Sons of Anarchy or The Walking Dead).<br/><br/>Is it as good as Game of Thrones? No, absolutely not. But is it as good as EARLY Dexter? Yes. I really enjoyed this show. It delves into a little known and little explored era of history, i.e. the Saxons and Vikings battling over England and the birth of a nation, and is fascinating. It is refreshing to see a period drama which tells a different story but in a very relateable way. The show has a great cast, wonderful storytelling, and very good production values. Some people find similarities with Game of Thrones, but personally I prefer The Last Kingdom. It is based on fact and history, and has much less violence and gratuitous nudity. I hope they continue with further seasons. I am really looking forward to seeing what is going to happen next to Uhtred, Alfred and all the others. Highly recommended! Being a keen fan and reader of the Anglo-Saxon period, I was thrilled to learn that author Bernard Cornwell's first two books in the Uthred series were to be the subject of an eight-part TV series. Having now watched all eight episodes, I'm left wondering what the producers of the TV series were actually trying to achieve, it certainly wasn't historical accuracy at any level in this slap-dash production!<br/><br/>A historical series lives or dies by how it can convey to the viewer a sense that they have been truly transported back in time to the period in question, this applies to books too and Bernard Cornwell has been hugely successful in conveying this in his Uthred books. Unfortunately the TV series has failed to deliver in this most basic area. <br/><br/>Where to begin!<br/><br/>I can understand why a TV series may have to deviate slightly and abridge the original book's storyline but that is no excuse for the TV series to deviate from actual history as we currently know it. In contrast Bernard Cornwell is always careful to use actual historical events as a framework filling in gaps where necessary and informing the reader in a historical notes section at the back of each book. <br/><br/>The TV series has also taken great liberties not only with the central characters, which bare no physical resemblance to those described in the books, but also with the armour and weaponry used by the various combatants! We have battle axes that would look more at home in a Dungeons and Dragons computer game, no attempt it would seem has been made to base them on actual archaeological finds. The chain mail shirts or byrnies at the period of King Alfred are quite clearly shown in drawings of the period to be short-sleeved, even by 1066 the Bayaeux Tapestry still shows them being carried on poles with short-sleeves, yet in the TV series we see Saxon warriors with long-sleeved chain mail shirts wandering around the Saxon camp. These are just two inaccuracies but the TV series is riddled with them. Sorry, I just don't have the time to list them all!<br/><br/>Was there a historical adviser to the series? It would't appear so. <br/><br/>Then there is the scenery. I understand there was a lot of filming done in Hungary which is why the majority of the outdoor shots don't look anything like England in regard to hills or trees, rocks etc. At no time did I feel I had been transported back to Dark Age England. Yet as an avid walker and cyclist I've come across plenty of woods and isolated spots in England that still evoke that Dark Age mystery where you can imagine time has stood still and would provide superb backdrops to the TV series.<br/><br/>The central characters, Uthred of Bebbanburg played by Alexander Dreymon, is totally miscast, he is supposed to be a fair-haired fearsome Saxon/Dane warrior, hardly, where are all his battle scars? His TV character instills as much fear as Donald Duck, a feeble portrayal. And King Alfred, are we really supposed to think that the character played by David Dawson resembled 'The Great' King Alfred, who are the producers trying to kid, it's an insult to the intelligence of the TV audience.<br/><br/>Anything good, well yes, the Danes, Ubba (Rune Temte), Skorpa (Jonas Malmsjo) and others gave great believable performances as unpredictable battle-hardened Danish chieftains. <br/><br/>The Danes aside, this is truly a terrible ham-fisted attempt at creating for the small screen the superb Uthred series of books by author Bernard Cornwell. If it had been possible to give a 0 then that would reflect my true opinion and my great disappointment in what could and should have been an exciting and captivating series. Enjoyed the first 3 season, but this is now borderline stupidity at its finest, sorry if it offends, but women as far gone as Brida, at least 5/6 moths going by the by bump, suddenly cannot just swing a sword as heavy as that and kill 5 people at ease is just pandering to a group. The Book series by Bernard Cornwell is one of his best and still growing. This series deviates just enough to keep it fresh. The only thing I dislike is the soundtrack, I find that to baffle me, it doesn't appear to attempt to authenticate the music capable in 9th Century Britain to be - not essential but it would've been a nice addition. The one thing that makes Bernard Cornwell's novels so enjoyable is that he takes history and brings it alive through the characters in his novels. I trust many (but NOT all)of the facts regarding life in his chosen time period, and where his writings differ importantly from historical fact, he always makes this clear at the end of the book.<br/><br/>I am so busy picking fault with "The Last Kingdom" that I have no time left to enjoy it. Viking shield walls consisted of overlapping shields with your neighbours. The multi-level "testudo" displayed in the program was a Roman invention and although there is reference to using a shield over Uhtred's head in one of the battles, this is an exception and not the rule.<br/><br/>Vikings did, apparently, file their teeth- this is backed up by anthropological research, but they did not (routinely) file them to a point as suggested in one episode. They filed grooves in them for reasons not yet clear to historians. Mr Cornwell makes no reference to such practices in any of his books, to the best of my recollection.<br/><br/>Leaving historical fact behind, the story of Uhtred is one of an extremely complicated man, torn between his love of the Danes, his desire to return and retake his lands and the oaths he swears to Alfred and the Saxons. He is loved and hated, feared and admired, tough and yet kind and NONE of this is captured in the series. He only appears to be frustrated- something that the "real" Uhtred frequently is, and arrogant- which he pretty much always is.<br/><br/>The story of Uhtred's journey from Bebbanburg to Wessex has been changed significantly. Leaving detail out to simplify the screenplay is forgivable, but Uhtred learned his craft as a warrior in Mercia, some time before he came to Alfred of Wessex. In the series, there is no suggestion that he has any training or experience in battle when he arrives at Alfred's court and yet he explains how and where to defeat the Danes at Aesc's Hill. A battles which (in the book) sees him still very much on the side of the Danes.<br/><br/>I feel that few of the actors have given real life to the amazing varieties of characters in the books. I find that I would be just as happy to have seen the producers leave the books entirely, watched Alfred hand over Uhtred to Guthrum and Ubba and see his head on a spike- bringing this whole disappointing mess to an abrupt end.<br/><br/>I wonder if I could enjoy it more if I had not read the books, but I find myself bored by the whole thing. For those who compare it to Game of Thrones- which I have watched through three times already- I have to ask- Have you ever actually watched Game of Thrones???? I can't bring myself to give it less than 5 as I may be annoyed too much that it differs from the books as much as it does, but I am so bored by it that I can't give it more than 5 either. An average score for an average series. I gobbled all 9 (available) Saxon Tales books. This show doesn't come anywhere near. I'm reading about huge production cost and instead it feels like theatrical shows from 60s - 3.5 actors making a crowd. Costumes and decorations look phony and the magnificent "Serpent- Breath" has a distinct plastic feel. All that can be forgiven but the he main character makes me cringe every time I remember "real" Uhtred Uhtredson. I'm pretty sure he would gladly kill entire cast and probably slow torture the screenplay writers. Uhtred supposed to be a demigod, tall and powerful, not some pretty boy he is in the series. All for all the show has a mild entertaining value but is not anywhere near epics such as GOT (or even Vikings) I've been an avid reader of the books since they first came out but this current season has seriously let that series down.
The battle scenes have become increasingly frustrating for me. One of the key themes of the books are the shield walls and how important they were as a tactic during this period. Soldiers didn't run headlong into each other screaming but stood side by side slowly advancing until they met.
The final straw for this season was the taking of Winchester by the Danes. Apparently they just walked an entire army into the city without anyone noticing until the arrows started to fly!! Really??!
These were fortified cities designed by Alfred to be defensible from such attacks. The idea that they would let their capital be so weakly defended when the King's wife and heir were there is ludicrous.
Another issue I have with this season is that there is no realism in the time it would take to travel around the country. One of the priests is sent to Wales from Wessex to get an army - which he does on foot and in time - really! Also there must only be a few roads around as characters are constantly bumping into each other or able to easily find others when they have no idea which direction they went.
To the writers - stick closer to the source material and you'll end up with a better more believable story. I'm a fan of the book series. I felt like the first three seasons were adapted fairly well. I would have given the series a 10/10, but season four wasn't so good. I didn't enjoy the adaptation at all. It appears as though maybe the writers changed hands, so that could explain it. If it comes back for season five, I really, really hope they bring back the original writers. I had a hard time getting through all of season four. Not sure I could get through a fifth season if it's the same writer(s). 'The Last Kingdom' is a pretty interesting take on the Viking invasions of England, in the 9th century. It follows Utred, and young boy, who was meant to be king, but had his throne stolen from him by his uncle. When his father was killed in a battle with the Danes(Vikings), he was subsequently adopted and raised by a powerful Dane family. So, as it turns out, he is conveniently Dane and Saxon(English). This is important, because it makes possible, a lot of otherwise impossible situations for our hero(Utred) to wiggle his way into and out of. Utred is basically a guy who is trying to regain what is rightfully his. And along the way, there is a lot of fighting, love, bloodshed, loyalty, oaths, and the breaking of oaths.<br/><br/>Which brings me to the list of problems with this series, that drop the rating down to a 6 for me:<br/><br/>1. Utred is just FAR too superhuman. Yes...we know he's the main character, and he's supposed to survive to the end. But there is a way to do this, and a way NOT to do this. TLK falls into the ladder when it comes to this. This became evident towards the end of season 1, when Utred, full of rage, jumps right over the Dane shield wall, is surrounded by said Danes, and manages to kill all of the ones close by, thus turning the battle in his side's favor. It sounds ridiculous writing it, but it's even more ridiculous watching it play out on TV. Not just this, but it's every battle he is involved in, he is just too good for his own good. It gets to the point where it's very unrealistic, even in a somewhat historical/fiction/fantasy show. Not only his actions, but it seems like every plan he comes up with, ALWAYS works to perfection. When they burn the Danes' ships in the marshes, the ships are left relatively unguarded. Anybody who knows anything about Vikings, or other sea-going peoples, knows that their ships are their most valuable resource. And they will be heavily guarded at all times. Even when Vikings went raiding, the left a substantial force behind to guard the ships. We see this again in the battle where Utred kills Ubba, down by the shoreline. This time, Utred goes all by himself, with virtually no resistance, to yet again burn some ships. Things just seem to go a little too right, all of the time, for our hero.<br/><br/>2. Utred's constant flip-flopping from Saxon to Dane, also gets old very quickly. He does this whenever it's convenient, and when the story needs to magically move forward. One second, he's loyal to Alfred(who treats him like a crap) and the Saxons, then the next minute...he's hugging on little Ragnar, and snuggling up with the Danes. If his character was the least bit realistic, Utred would have left Alfred LONG ago. How can you take any character serious, who is treated the way Utred is by Alfred, and he keeps going back? This seriously takes away from his character. Then, just when you think Utred has finally woken up, and broken away from Alfred(and family), he breaks the oath he has sworn to his brother(little Ragnar), and runs right back down to Mercia to rescue Alfred's daughter. And this is AFTER he'd been banished by Alfred, who put a death mark on his head!!! Like I said, this just takes away from his character.<br/><br/>3. The Danes(Vikings) are FAR TOO WEAK. I know this show is from the English/Saxon/Christian perspective(the show 'Vikings' was from the other perspective), but the Danes are just pathetic. After the very first battle of the series where Utred is captured, they are seen as a bunch of bungling, weak bodied, fools. In every battle, they are outsmarted and outfought. Even when they have superior numbers and seemingly superior strategy, they get reduced to the Washington Generals, up against the Harlem Globetrotters. When the Danes finally seem to have the upper hand, they gather a great army(the same one Utred deserted), with little Ragnar as the leader: Ragnar is conveniently killed in his sleep, basically destroying the Danes will. IMO...this seemed like an easy out for the writers, to avoid a physical confrontation between Utred and Ragnar. But in any story where there is a conflict, both sides have to be legitimate threats to each other. This is the only way you cause a true sense of danger and peril. The Danes raiding defenseless villages, and killing unarmed men and women, doesn't do this. This just further perpetuates the idea of them being cowards, and no match for their enemy on the actual battlefield. You may as well watch Bugs Bunny beat up on Daffy Duck, to see something just as one-sided.<br/><br/>4. King Alfred just may be one of the most unlikable characters in TV history. I know this is a credit to the actor, but his lack of redeeming qualities, throughout the seasons, just make you hope Sly Stallone shows up, and blows him away. He just may be the most whiny, backstabbing, sniveling, hiding behind his power/religion...that I've ever seen on TV. If this show was going for reality, many of it's characters would have turned their backs on Alfred long ago, and drove a sword through his heart(especially Utred). The one character(who is unlikable himself) who actually stands up to Alfred and is slimy ways, is killed by non other than his Father(how convenient). Even when Alfred's sickly son is saved by the Pagan Queen(Utred's lady at the time), Alfred just ignores her efforts, thanks God, and goes along his smug way. And like I said earlier: Alfred's treatment of Utred, who just can't walk away, is akin to an abusive relationship. You just find yourself screaming to Utred, "LEAVE!!!!". And seeing the sickly Alfred on a battlefield, is just a joke. In reality, he, in his physical condition, would be a HUGE detriment in battle. He would be nowhere near a battlefield in that condition. Just the sight of him, would inspire the enemy. I really can't explain it all, you just have to see it for yourself. But if you like a whiny, God-Thumping guy, who hides behind his religion, for justification for all of his misdoings, then he's your guy.<br/><br/>5. Unrealistic battle tactics. The Vikings were masters of unorthodox, blitzkrieg-type tactics, that shocked and disoriented their enemies. They were also very skilled at open field combat, due to these unorthodox tactics. The viking battle ax, which predates the vikings, and was used by the old Germanic Tribes, is still a weapon that had no equal on the ancient battlefield. Even the Romans could attest to this. So to see supposedly high-skilled, ax wielding vikings being mowed down by sword wielding saxons, was a bit of a stretch. And now we come to the good old Shield Wall. The shield wall was a viking tactic, that was completely new to the saxons, and every people the vikings encountered. It was this unfamiliarity that made it so effective. Utred, must have been the greatest military instructor on the planet, to teach all of the saxons who to execute a proper shied wall. It just cheapened the effect, when every saxon army, no matter where they were from, just knew how to do the shield wall. And not only execute it, but execute it to perfection. You also a lack of Anglo-Saxon tactics, like the use of catapults, the mace, stronger fortifications, and strong cavalries.<br/><br/>6. Like the title says: Far too much deus ex machina. I mean, the 'Good Guys' literally win EVERY time. Whether it's Utred arriving out of nowhere to save the day, or it's some illogical/improbable plan miraculously coming together. The day is ALWAYS saved. This gets old really quick. Alfred's main Priest, is always there to talk to Utred, is always there to turn the tide. He conveniently convinces Utred to leave his brother, and save the Queen of Mercia. And btw...how did Utred and his men, beat the Vikings to the monastery? I think England is a pretty big place, but the hero's wisk around it like it's your neighborhood park. In reality, "important people" in the story, would be dead before our hero's ever arrived. Maybe Utred is indeed some Medieval Superman, and his companions are the Medieval Avengers(I know I mixed DC and Marvel :)).<br/><br/>Overall...this series is above average. But I'm also a sucker for shows set in a Medieval setting(TLK/Game of Thrones/Vikings, etc....), so it's scratches that itch for me. I just think it could have been so much more, if it took more risks with some of the shows' main characters. I have never had any series which was on my all time watch list and on repeat everytime.. TLK is an amazing story with perfect casting for the characters.. they all deserve appreciation and awards for portraying each character by heart and naturally... love every episode of it!! I cant single out a fave.. theyre all great and gets greater even more in every next episodes... done watching season4... and hopefully getting season 567 and sooo on... I watch Vikings on the History channel, Out lander on disc and this show which I picked up and watched the first season is as good or better in some aspects. I did not know about the books but as a dyslexic I will now find and work my way through them. I can't wait for the second season. the character Uhtred of Bebbanburg is the classic Boy who lost it all twice and still came out on top. the character Brother Beocca is the typical Ben Kenobi but the last episode of season one showed him to not only be a man of GOD but also a great fighter. the character Alfred the Great is great coming from a GOD fearing weakling to become a strong King of Wessex and then England. Having never read the books by Bernard Cornwell and knowing he is a good writer, I watched the first series with interest. It was good, odd at places, namely in army sizes and costumes lack of budget (I think). The pace was fine, story was interesting and kept me waiting for Season 2 for a looooong time (so long I even forgot almost the entire first Season). Then finally second Season arrived, more centered in Uhtred and that wouldn't be a bad thing, If the characters around him didn't become almost completely irrelevant. Lack of character development, lack of pace and sense, I will try to resume this series in a simple manner:<br/><br/>I am Uhtred, son of whatever.. I use eyeliner now and like to resemble a rock-star with a stick on my back. I tend to get beaten a lot by my worst enemies and instead of killing me on the spot, I tend always to escape death by destiny chance, because "destiny is all". I also tend to be followed by a odd handful of "warriors" including a priest, together.. me and my six merry men will conquer England, because I guess not many people are around and we conquer entire cities with ease. The kings I know are wusses, either religious fanatics who resemble they would die any minute if they had to pick up a sword, or others who follow orders of everyone around them, yet they are kings... of nothing, or almost nothing.. small villages easily conquered anytime of the day by children under 5. I like women, but all the ones I marry do tend to die. Lets hope this one will last until the end of this season. My favorite roles are to make stares with my perfect eyeliner eyes, undress myself so my fans rejoice and pretend to be a very bad boy with my merry men.<br/><br/>So basically that's it. Season 1 wasn't perfect, but was at least entertaining. This resembles more and more a Xena series clone, lack of pace, direction, sense, holes everywhere in the plot, armies of the size of a street performance, a main character who lost it completely by hanging around with his "amber sword", just because it's cool... but destiny is all it seems, game over for me, next. Not much to complain about here. Really captures the stink of sweat and blood of the medieval era better than anything I've ever seen . As a lover of anything Bernard Cromwell writes I was ready to be be disappointed . Way more realistic than Viking series. I've not seen a series that captures the book this well since Lonesome Dove with Robert Duvall. King Alfred was spot on . Thought they captured Viking longhouse , lifestyle ,pillage ,rape , better than I've ever seen before. Whoever did the casting for this show deserves all the praise. Not for kids, or squeamish adults. I can't think of anything I've ever seen that pulls no punches when it come to the brutality ,rape and slaughter that took place during this period in history. .... Just a joy to watch. Thank you BBC,Netflix for setting a whole new standard . Let me get this straight. You have African north sea raiders, middle eastern, Turkish(?) vikings.A very far gone pregnant super-woman who just kills and kills and seems impervious to anything that affects anyone else. And there are now female guards in Winchester.
Add to this , all the men are stupid. Charging headfirst against walls in a siege, with no equipment, nothing! So what the hell do they do when they get to the wall?
The answer is nothing. The writers didnt know.
I dont think the writers have read any of the books, or have any understanding of history and this shows. All i can say is stick to holby city, you dont have a clue how to write an historical fictional story. All the idiots are men, most if not all the heroes/praiseworthy characters are women. I am all for female empowerment, but the exhaustive feminist agenda ruined this show for me.
Utred's daughter is smart, his son weak & useless.
King Alfred's daughter is brilliant, his son is an idiot.
The disowned Mercia siblings, same story exemplary daughter, idiotic son.
The list is endless. I'm out, enjoy on your own. Each to his own, but one thing I will not abide and that is if historical fiction is not at least following the THEN reigning Zeitgeist, but goes out of its way to promote current solidarity crapola. Downton Abbey comes to mind. I mean, what is it with emancipated women, smart-ass kids and casual under-age sex, like you might see in a monkey cage perhaps, during the dark middle-ages. Men in tears and soppy buddy-buddy relationships between father and son, or wearing shoulder bags, as is currently so in vogue. If this sort of thing rattles your cage, at least be warned. I bought this series in good faith but didn't manage to complete episode 1. I haven't read the books and I know very little about this period, so I can't comment on how true the series is to the original, or to actual historical records.<br/><br/>I saw The Lost Kingdom promoted as the BBC's answer to Game of Thrones and Vikings, both of which I really love, so I was really looking forward to seeing it. I'm afraid it doesn't hold a candle to either of them. The dialogue is clumsy, and half the time I can't work out whether it's meant to be comic ("tonight we should hump!"). The faux Nordic accents extremely irritating (that annoyed me in Vikings too). Some of the characters seem to have spent far too long at the hairdressers trying to get that authentic mussed-up look. The violence is like some kind of sick video game.<br/><br/>I have sat through two episodes and might give it one more go, given the good reviews on here, in the hope that it improves. But so far it just looks like a colossal waste of money. I loved season 1, liked season 2, tolerated season 3, but season 4 is bad. The writing is non-existent or written by my 12 year old son. The storyline makes no sense and jumps around with no direction. The acting is ordinary to say the least and the characters are cardboard cutouts. This series had so much going for it. After reading Bernard Cornwell's novels, I was quite disappointed watching 'The Last Kingdom' TV series. I didn't expect it to match Cornwell's fantastic books, but I hoped for something better than this. In my opinion the biggest flaw in the show is the main character. Alexander Dreymon is certainly a talented actor, but he has a 'pretty boy' look that doesn't fit in the role of Uhtred of Bebbanburg, which in the novels is described as a big, blond, tough Northern warrior. Dreymon would probably fit well in the role of a Renaissance gentleman, but he's not credible as Uhtred. Even when he tries the rude language often used by his character in the books, it sounds out of place. Another big minus in the show is that the formative years of the young Uhtred, that in the novels are so important for the development of the character, are omitted. I will not dwell on minor mistakes like the rectangular shields used by the Saxon warriors, but there should be more and longer battle scenes. The final battle at Edington is well done but it's too short. In a nutshell, 'The Last Kingdom' looks like a version of 'Vikings' or 'Games of Thrones' on a string budget. It's just watchable, but nothing more. When I previously voiced my opinion on Episode 5 of this series, I was quite angry, and it affected my delivery of what I saw had happened with this show. Now I have set back and let the experience sink in, I can talk about the series more fairly. Even though I still don't like it, I think I can explain why. "The Last Kingdom" is adapted from the "Saxon Tales" series by Bernard Cornwell. They are fantastic books, in which the world is fully realized and the characters are completely unique. I highly recommend them to any fan of historical fiction. Like George R.R. Martin with Game of Thrones, Cornwell's gritty, ambiguous, sexual approach to the action epic was something he did before it was cool. But now in an age where such shows are popular it was only natural they would try to bring his world to the screen. In my opinion this has not been successful. My primary complaint is not that the story deviates from the book, although it does, and some cases that's excruciatingly painful. Nor is it the production values which are fantastic and give the world, a great physicality. It's the point of view of the TV show that kills it for me, as I think it will for many fans of the books. The "Saxon Tales" series isn't just about the story that's being told, its about how that story is told and who is telling it. And the show changes that. Cornwell's big conceit, his masterstroke was that he was telling the stories of the early Christian kingdoms from the perspective of someone who was resolutely pagan. It was the ultimate reversal. The familiar and respected institutions that we associate with our past were bizarre and perplexing, whereas the supposed alien element came across as familiar and comforting. Using this Cornwell was able to build intriguing characters whose interactions straddled the gap between the two worlds. We could understand how the vikings thought and why they acted the way they did, and we could fill in the Christian world from our own cultural reservoir. As such both sides worked. The show completely forsakes this. Uthred may be our protagonist but he is not our storyteller. In fact, he isn't a particularly good protagonist, merely reacting to events but not engaged with them. Instead, the show's focus is on Alfred of Wessex. I partly understand this decision. To the English, Alfred is certainly the most historically recognizable character, and Cornwell crafts him brilliantly. David Dawson gives a great performance as Alfred. He is the center of the show, and an entirely justifiable reason for watching it. Also very good are Harry McEntire as Aethelwold and Adrian Bower as Leofric. And they are all Saxons. Officially the focus. But like I said earlier, the point of the "Saxon Tales" was that they were the tales of the Saxons told by someone who refused to be one of them. In taking the Saxon perspective, the show allows these characters to shine, but shortchanges all of the Danes. Their motivations become hazy; sometimes, their actions seem downright ridiculous. There are reasons to see "The Last Kingdom", even enjoy it. But for the reasons stated above, I will not be coming back next season. The longer the series goes on the further it moves away from the novels.
I began watching because I love the novels but as time as goes by the writers have change so much that the show is almost unrecognizable as being adaptations. Yes, I know women want nonsensical "strong women" types but other than Aethelflaed who is a historical figure the women tend to so completely unrealistic.
The series writers ignore history, the casting directors are a joke.
It has become something but not The Last Kingdom Really enjoyed the first 3 seasons and thought they had the right balance of action and dialogue. Season 4 is too slow going and the characters have become weak. It's a shame it couldn't keep the momentum going because there's a lot of things to like about this show. Love Uthred and love the book, but this TV adaptation is awful. The shield wall filming was great and also the sacking of the first hall, Ubber and some of the viking are not too bad and enjoyable enough to watch. BUT, Uthred casting is a joke, there is NO PRESENCE what-so-ever. Feeli like they went to LIPA and asked for a clean cut posh boy, who has questions on his sexuality. Uthred is a Warlord not some BBC extra from Tudors or the musketeers <br/><br/>Shield wall was great, but can not say i will be looking forward to any more future shows. <br/><br/>Gutted but not surprised. Review of Series One:<br/><br/>I had a lot riding on THE LAST KINGDOM. I'm a huge fan of the Anglo-Saxon period and have researched it quite extensively. I'm also a huge fan of the author Bernard Cornwell, upon whose novels this series is based. THE LAST KINGDOM and THE PALE HORSEMAN are two of my favourite books, so I knew this BBC TV series would have its work cut out in convincing me a TV adaptation was a good idea.<br/><br/>The result is a mixed bag of the good and bad. I was pleased with the show's air of authenticity that brings the grubby Anglo-Saxon locales to life. The costumes are fake-looking (Uhtred wears a leather jacket at one point) but I can live with that. The cast is more of a mixed bag. It's nice to see big actors like Rutger Hauer and Matthew Macfadyen in minor parts, and David Dawson is all but perfect as Alfred the Great, ably capturing the character from the books. But the Viking actors just aren't menacing enough, and Alexander Dreymon is bland and lacking charisma as the lead. He's nothing like the hard-bitten Uhtred of the books, which is a shame.<br/><br/>When it comes to the plotting, THE LAST KINGDOM does a pretty good job of condensing the characters down and focusing on the bits that matter. Nevertheless I missed all the detail and intricacy of the storyline of the books, and huge chunks are missed out entirely, like the seafaring sections, plus my favourite character from THE PALE HORSEMAN, Steapa, is gone. The most grievous complaint I have is the lack of action, which comes as a result of the BBC budget.<br/><br/>Cornwell's novels are written FOR their battle sequences and to all but remove them completely is a real problem. The huge army-vs-army battle that concluded the book of THE LAST KINGDOM is reduced to a brief one-on-one fight. The only proper battle comes in episode eight but even then it's over very quickly when properly it should have lasted for at least the same time as the great action scene in the 'Hardhome' episode of GAME OF THRONES. Speaking of GAME OF THRONES, this show is an obvious imitator (an update from the days when all Anglo-Saxon material had to copy THE LORD OF THE RINGS style extensively - see 1066: THE BATTLE FOR MIDDLE EARTH), which is good because it's quite gory in places, although at the same time it's nowhere near as good as that show.<br/><br/>Review of Series Two:<br/><br/>The second series of THE LAST KINGDOM is a step up from the first, although not without flaws. The direction is improved this time around and the effort is made to get as much mileage out of the budget as is possible. The action is still disappointing although the choreography is a little better than before. The main problem I have with this series is the silly decision to adapt two separate books, so it feels like two miniseries joined together than a proper full-length series.<br/><br/>The first half is based on Cornwell's LORDS OF THE NORTH and continues Uhtred's vendetta against Kjartan, while the second half is based on SWORD SONG and concentrates on a Viking threat in London. I did find this mildly enjoyable as a whole, and the main actors are certainly more at ease in their roles. I do wish they'd do a single book per series though as it would work out a lot better in the long run.<br/><br/>Review of Series Three:<br/><br/>The good news is that things are very different for this series; it was taken over by Netflix, who have clearly put more time, effort and resources into it than the BBC ever did. The series has a filmic look that contends with the likes of VIKINGS and GAME OF THRONES, obvious inspirations here. The source material is sped through without rhyme nor reason at times, and there are needless changes in the form of new villains and some ridiculous scenes (like the bit where Uhtred beats the heck out of Alfred, how stupid). But the gore content is amped up and the action scenes very enjoyable, and there's something irresistable about the political intrigue and constant plotting. Series 3 is the best yet. Season 1-3 were great ,a really interesting and captivating show- very little wrong with it , would gladly recommend to anyone , would give all three seasons a high rating ,especially season 3 which was brilliant ,however season 4 is just plain stupid , every episode had at least one scene, were I thought to myself "yea right". So many stupid decisions by some characters, that have really ruined my appetite for another season. So many moments which I found hard to believe . From brida being heavily pregnant and killing loads of men- "yea right"(a character I believe has become slight irritating and redundant)" to Edward charging at Winchester with horses - that would never have happened, I know little about war , but even I know that is a big no no, and utred being indestructible and turning up a moment to late like 5 times throughout the season( that became very irritating and annoying ). There were some good things about the season - finnan being one - a great character , all I want is to believe what I am watching, the more the believable the better, really disappointed with season 4 , hopefully season 5 can have some historical authenticity. It's simply one of the best series out there, it gets you hocked up to your couch in no time and every season leaves you wanting more of it. The character development is really well done, all the actors have put their best, plus the excellent camera work and background music make this show worthy of many re-watches. So far there is only one thing in the show that annoys me is the accent delivered by Alexander Dreymon (uthred) particularly in season 3, I believe it wasn't needed, nevertheless his acting was brilliant throughout the show.
Can't wait for season 4 to air. Loved the books, love the show. Not sure why anyone wouldn't like it if they gave it a few episodes. I felt the acting was great, the characters were well cast, the story kept me glued to the screen. Watch it! The last kingdom is an excellent show! One of the best shows ever aired! Great series great characters and thank god the feminist brigade haven't ruined this one yet ! I was prepared to be entertained by this but being a fan of solid historical fiction, I was also prepared to not like some of the liberties that directors take with historical subjects from the Dark Ages. Having said that, this series, the entire story, is better than I had expected. What do I like about it? The cinematography, the casting (some good actors in key roles, the overall pace of storytelling. I also like the attention to available historical details including really good costumes and early medieval battle recreation. What don't I like about it? The plot gets a bit too convoluted to be believable. For one, Uther walks such a dangerously fine line between the Danes (who had adopted and basically raised him) and the Saxon king-to be (who is his employer, his boss, to be blunt)...at some points, either side, no matter how they like and respect him, would have assassinated him for being a suspected traitor, or for simply being too dangerous. This is ironically what keeps the story rolling forward. One looks forward to the hero's progress and the many twists and shenanigans along the way. And a good sword fight or two, or the next scene where the Saxons outfox their Viking invaders. Truth be told, we just don't know much about the 9th century in England. The Vikings just emerged out of their own unwritten phase of history and are known in crude and simplistic terms, mostly as the bad guys. The Saxons are just starting to have a semblance of a state and 'civilization' but one senses there was a large amount of infighting and rivalry. These are all the contextual things that are hard to adequately portray in a TV series. But the director tried, so kudos to that! The Last Kingdom is a show that takes place in the middle ages and mixes enough facts and fiction to be both believable and entertaining.<br/><br/>Uthred's story, is what you would expect of a fantasy hero but the setting is a grim medieval Britain that broadly follows historical lines. <br/><br/>What I have enjoyed foremost was the balance in violence and darkness that I have not seen in any medieval themed shows nowadays such as vikings or Game of Thrones. I believe the historical setting allows the story to evolve in an interesting way without any excess or lack of violence. There are some violent scenes but their motivation and rendering make them believable for a medieval setting and less comically or horribly cruel has some have seen in other shows.<br/><br/>Uthred's adventures unfold like those of a medieval Count of Montecristo, spanning many years and filled with surprises and deceit. These entertaining parts of the character's story are mingled with historical events and political changes in the context of viking invasions. The character grows has he meets historical figures and takes part in epic founding moments for many side characters.<br/><br/>I find there are a few truly good actors and the rest are average. Part of the power of the show comes from the brutal reality of the coming and going of characters. The fast pace of the show allows for characters to be discarded as needed and plunges us into a medieval Christian or Viking mindset depending on the moment.<br/><br/>In my opinion the directing serves the story without doing much more which isn't bad since it plays into a sense of authenticity of the plot. <br/><br/>I heartily recommend this show to any who can manage suspension of disbelief enough to enjoy the most adventurous episodes and more generally to those who like medieval tales and sagas. Bernard Cornwell had written a fantastic series of books in his Saxon Chronicles. The first season, of this show, is based on the first two books.<br/><br/>Does the show meet the standards of the novels? Not even close. The novels are much better than the show, but the show is still entertaining and interesting. Like most people I wish that it would have shown Uthred as the warlord and pagan that he is portrayed in the books and not as a weakling. The show keeps some of the "soul" of the books, but it missed a lot of what the story was about: it missed out on the depiction of the cruel and brutal world that was England at that time and it definitely missed out on the vision of how Christian priests used power to push their personal agendas.<br/><br/>Some folks have tried to compare this show to Vikings and Game of Thrones. That isn't fair to the show. First off - Vikings is an extremely poor show with absolutely limited authenticity - while The Last Kingdom tries to keep some historical accuracy within the show. Game of Thrones is for the urban audience of today - with nothing but foul, terrible language, sex and nudity flooding the screen - but with very minimal quality. Kingdom has limited sex and language and has much better dialogue.<br/><br/>Kingdom would have been better had the screenwriters utilized more of Cornwell's material. Each book had multiple battle scenes and they explained how Uthred became a great warlord. It emphasized the importance of the shield wall and why the Danes feared Uthred. The show ignored most of this and that led to a lesser main character. I felt that if the show had shown more of the "growth through battle" of Uthred and more of his sarcasm towards Christianity that (even with the current actor) it would have been a 10 rated show. The show is not bad, but it is not good either. The toned down "authentic" visuals of Vikings (History channel), without an intriguing main character like Travis Fimmel's Ragnar. I haven't red the books of Bernard Cornwell, but i suspect and hope that this Uhtred is a lose adaptation of the one in the books. The main characters' motivation in the show is a mystery to me and the loyalty he inspires in his people even more so. It feels like the producers of this show wanted to ride the wave history channel had created with vikings. Being preceded by vikings is not easy, but doing the same song and dance without bringing anything new to the table is somewhat disappointing.<br/><br/>That being said the show is watchable, but don't expect too much. The plot is so that the audience couldn't speculate what turn the story will take, at the cost of the protagonist being portrayed as a man without any honor.<br/><br/>Uhtred, the hero doesn't know whom side he is fighting for and what is his mission. Sometimes he seems like loyal to Danes then he fights against them. Sometimes he fights against Saxons. The story writer and the novelist were high while writing this piece of sht story. Uhtred acts as he doesn't know what honor or integrity mean, but he is a Warrior!<br/><br/>This warrior, the correct word would be sult, abandons his family for no reason, abandons his wife and son because he found some queen as a plunder. He can be seen acting like a real pssy when he comes to meet his original wife and son, leaving them vulnerable to the war without describing the motive. So, the audience has to assume he is not a warrior but a pervert thirsty of a pssy and lust. <br/><br/>After that episode, I didn't watch any further of this fake warrior! Been staying up late in covid times watching season 4 and it's just as good as any period show like this. It's realistic and believable and the characters keep changing then some come back in but their motives over time change. Total bingeworthy show. I got the first book as a gift and then ordered and read the whole series in a very short time. A really epic saga and a really outstanding material to film it. The first season was good but not outstanding yet, but from season 2 on it was really really great. I can hardly wait for the next season. Please continue.... Well played characters in the show with betrayal by family members for wealth / position. Love shown without lust is good.
Visual places for ancient history period is good. Uthrad character is played well and make to watch. Muito legal! Lembra a série The Vikings. Gostei dessa série. Best of the best..best plot best actors looking forward to seeing all the episodes I do not believe I have ever ga e a 10 out of 10 but this time I have. You will not be disappointed Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Well done series. I ended up watching all 3 seasons over a couple days and I want more. Great characters, some pretty good acting. Definitely one of the better shows on Netflix. Great cast and story lines. I cant stop watching over and over! The Last Kingdom, based on Bernard Conwell's Saxon Stories is an absolute masterpiece. First of all, the story goes to Uhtred of Bebbanburg, a Saxon Warrior. The relationship between the king and this warrior is also very accurately portrayed. There are also a lot of other warriors, fiercely loyal to both sides. The Vikings were ruthless but also skilful political manipulators, and wanted wealth and power. The kingdom of Wessex is powerful and its warriors also able fighters. There is a very definite power struggle on all sides, both in the Saxon and Dane lands. The shield wall is also another deservable mention. The Saxons mostly had rectangular shields and the Vikings had oval to circular ones. The actors were out of this world - Alfred the Great, Uhtred of Bebbanburg, Skorpa of the White Horse, Queen Iseult, Father Beocca, Thyra, Sven the One-eyed, Kjartan, Ragnar, Brida, Hild, Odda the Elder, Odda the Younger, Uhtred the Earldorman, Gisela, Sigefrid, Erik, Haesten, Bloodhair, Skade, Finan, Sihtric, Clapa, Osferth, Aethelflaed, Aethelred, Aethelwold....etc. Incredible programme, brilliant characters and I hope there are many more series to come. When this show first arrived on Netflix I watched the first season three times in a row. I couldn't get enough of it. This is now #3 on my favorite TV shows of all time list behind Stargate and Battlestar.<br/><br/>Leofric will always be my favorite with Finan a close second but all the characters are well done and well acted. The story is fantastic, the music, filming, all of it.<br/><br/>Highly recommend and here's to more seasons. This series is extremely well done! Sometimes it seems like you are looking through a window in time if you can get over people speaking modern English. The script & dialogue are compelling. The sets & costumes are incredible. It is wonderfully performed & filmed. No towns or cities survived from the time period this is set in so the production staff fabricated them. Even the music is great while not exactly period it sets the mood & is a proper accompaniment to each scene.
The plot twists are great & unexpected.<br/><br/>While nit-pickers might mention the historical inaccuracies they should bear in mind that this was written as historical fiction. Yes, some of the characters are real/actual people from the dark ages of England. Others are made up.<br/><br/>There is a 10 min long video on u tube covering behind the scenes that is well worth a watch.
Very much looking forward to season 4! Bernard Cornwell's Books are phenomenal and this series is simply extraordinary. The pacing is very good. Never drags. Game of thrones and vikings had many slow paced episodes with little going on. Cornwell has written so many interesting characters and the plot in all his books is really good and fast paced so this series is like his books. Do yourself a favour and watch this phenomenal series. You are in for a great ride. Fair enough, the start of the show is a bit slow but this has to be one of my favourite TV shows i have seen. The final scenes in season 3 made so blown away story wise and i cant wait for season 4. This TV deserves more Rate, Honestly sexuality is enough and not over used, story-line in very understandable, I eager to see upcoming season, Best wishes This is a show I stumbled whilst scrolling through Netflix to find the next show to invest my time into. Like most, when I first found the show I came in with a firm preconception that this was just a btech Game of Thrones but after only the first season I realized this was not the case. This is a fast paced, enticing and epic show that focuses around an extremely likable and complex main character who is supported by other well developed characters who the audience can build an emotional connection with. Overall, this is a show that only gets bigger and better as it goes on which will keep you hooked at every step of the way that completely deserves the spotlight. I am an avid fan of men wielding swords, historic drama and action packed dramas! This series is the best I have seen on any platform and yes, I also watched Game of Thrones, however, the acting in this series is far superior. Awesome, show, I've watched it 3 times already. I cannot wait for future seasons Best show on Netflix hands down! Alexander Dreymon does an amazing job! #teamarseling Loved this series from the moment I started watching it. It has a Game of Thrones type feel to it which meant my partner and I binged the whole lot in 3 days! I absolutely love this series! It's by far one of the best shows on Netflix to date. So much more than what we learned in school. Alfred's amazing determination to create a Christian England, against all odds is vividly brought to life by the brilliant cast, especially Alexander Dreymon as Uhtred of Bebbanburg and David Dawson as King Alfred
This is a TV series not to be missed and highly recommended. Thoroughly enjoyed this series.<br/><br/>I suggest that you will likely also enjoy this series if you enjoy dramas and have an interest in English history during the middle ages.<br/><br/>Watched this series from the very beginning on Netflix. Have reached end of series 3; can't wait till the next series. The best the best the best The best the best the best The best the best the best The best the best the best Best series ever!! First episode starts a little slow but stick with it and you will be hooked! Every season has been better than the last. Waiting now for Season 4. No doubt that this is much better than Game of Thrones, everybody should watch it!!! The characters and the story blend fact and fiction in a gripping way. The lead character is honest, brutal and funny in equal measures finding his place in a country with divided loyalties against ruthless invaders What a show from the BBC. Different level to the usual dross they churn out. Stays true to what we think we know about the dark ages and has a gripping and intriguing storyline. The acting is of a very high standard and the characters are immensely likeable and multi-faceted. I think some on here are over-hyping it a bit. For example, it is no way comparable to Game of Thrones, not only because GoT has a very different feel, is very obviously a fantasy story and it is also much superior in terms of budget and end product.
That is not to say that the series is not hugely enjoyable and very addictive, but don't expect an HBO style production. I thoroughly enjoyed this series. As a veteran of modern combat, I always wonder if I could have handled the rigors of warfare in different epochs.<br/><br/>I was a little disappointed in the ending. I would have like to see one or two more episodes to wrap the story up a little cleaner. Love this show! Great story line and great actors. Need more TLK In my humble opinion, The Last Kingdon is way better than GoT or Vikings. Never thought I would ever say that, but it is true. Looking forward for the 4th season! Best series in Netflix! And what an amazing job Alexander did. This show got me hooked from the first few minutes and that is not easy for someone who never watches television. I was bored with the modern day garbage but this show takes you back in time. I love history and the story line hooked me right in. The actors are all fantastic. I have loved them all. It's just great to watch and not feel I wasted one hour of my time which I view as precious. I hope this continues on for many more seasons to come Excellent production. Unique casting. Fantastic plot. Not to be missed When a bbc produce an historical drama series where it shows a barbarian like Conan as a savior of England, its a must see. Every year The Last Kingdom has grown its characters and improved its storylines until it has become an excellent series. We have, once again, binge-watched all 3 Seasons and as we're watching the last episode, it makes me sad that we're going to have to wait at least another year for a 4th Season. I wholeheartedly recommend this series! This is the best TV show I have seen in the last two years. And every season is getting better and better. I'm not sure where to start with this review. The cast are simply fabulous and whilst you are being educated as you go along, you are drawn into every moment as if you are part of it. Some of the best acting I've seen, especially from King Alfred. Watch this, you won't regret it. The only thing I don't like that I don't get to see it again for at least another year!! Gutted!! Bound you from the very first episode. You don't need to wait for developing an interest in it.
The portrayal of the history is excellent.
The direction is excellent.
The fighting scenes look real.
The casting is the best.
Every actor is in his or her right place, no one could be better.<br/><br/>Although i am little bit concerned about the truthfullness of the story.
I mean to say "did it really happen?"
But we all know it can't be exactly same.
The story is of the 900 century.
So it is made somewhat fictional to develop interest.<br/><br/>It can give game of thrones a run for their money. I have just finished watching the third season of The Last Kingdom. I totally love this show and the Cast. I read the books by Bernard Cornwell a few years back. While i was still reading the first in the series i took a quick break to order the next one, that's how good the books were.<br/><br/>Everything about The Last Kingdom series is great - storyline, setting, pacing, characters, acting, etc.<br/><br/>I never heard of Alexander Dreymon but whoever decided this guy should be Uhtred deserves bonus points - it seems to me a perfect casting.<br/><br/>Among all the great actors in all 3 seasons, one of my favorites has to be Rune Temte who plays Ubba. Ubba is a terrifying and awesome character played to perfection by Temte.<br/><br/>I'm saddened by the fact that there seems so few acknowledgements of the show by the awards community. It's not that i have an abundance of respect for awards, it's that i worry a lack of recognition may dissuade future projects like this.<br/><br/>In short: The show is awesome, Cheers. Best series i've Seen, would recommend it to all. Addictive. Fell in love from the first minute till the end of season 2.not a single moment wasting u never get bored great acting cast emotions directing alllllll deserves a 10 rating.come on Netflix why season 3 is not yet available in Lebanon ?? ;( This series is so well written and rich with well fleshed characters based in history; that you can close your eyes and envision yourself in te harsh reality of the time.<br/><br/>Alexander Dreymon, the main character Uhtred, has progressed through the series as a young actor flexing his wings to well developed believable young warrior. His portrayal of duality in of Saxon-Dane and gentle/warrior is a skill he has mastered.<br/><br/>I did not expect to be so engrossed in the story from the very first episode and am beyond happy that Netflix took a chance on this BBC cancellation. I think it paid off and eagerly await season 4! I just can't get enough of this amazingly well drafted show. Even if you do not historical drama, I implore you to watch just 2 episodes. You won't be sorry. Based upon the books by Bernard Cornwell, the tv series the last kingdom is about the fight for England between the Saxons and the Danes, Alfred's dream of one United England is fought for by the hero Uhtred and the excitement comes from his internal struggle of who is he? Saxon or Dane? All the time he is wanting to return to his homeland which was Usurped from him by his Uncle after he was taken by the Danes.<br/><br/>Strong characters, great acting, amazing love stories and amazing fight scenes. You must watch all of the Last Kingdom! Each actor brings a piece of the story alive, but it wouldn't be the same without Alexander D! I love love love him, Alfred, and Beocca... and the Kong's wife? Props to her! I love to hate her character- the true mark of a great actor!! This tv series is amazing. really draws you in and gets you emotionally attached to the characters. beautiful scenery, heart felt characters, right amount of action and plot with a perfect amount of drama. this show is JUST STUNNING. please bring us season 4. keep this show going its more than amazing and i thoroughly enjoy watching every second of it. I've loved movies and tv series like this but The Last Kingdom is hands down the best!! This series has slowly got better and closer to the feel of the books it is based on.<br/><br/>I hope they keep the series going. The acting has got better, and so has the writing. It now very much has the feel of the period, and the liberties it takes with history are small and good for increasing the story.<br/><br/>The story now works much better as they have picked the best, and strongest threads of the stories to concentrate on. It obviously doesn't have all the twists and turns in the books, but by streamlining the plot they have made the whole thing stronger.<br/><br/>Try and make it through a few weak episodes in the first two seasons and you will not regret it.<br/><br/>2020 update - Just seen the fourth season and it keeps getting better. Just one slow episode in the middle, but the final episode is fantastic.<br/><br/>Updated its score from 8 to 9, hoping that there is a fifth season and it will make it to 10. I am in love with this show! It's done with such excellence and heart, not to mention it tells a really good story. Now i don't really watch shows like this one, that are considered medieval or historical even. I find myself always watching the very opposite. But when i came across The Last Kingdom i was instantly drawn in. Once you start watching it's hard to turn it off. The characters, the story, the entire show is really incredible. I'm always at the edge of my seat! Don't have to say much about this show, just start watching and you won't be able to stop, I don't have many favorite shows but this is definitely one of them To be honest I wasn't hooked right away. There were some awkward scenes with the children in the 1st season (thought maybe they could have been a bit older, to be more believable). However, I do love a good history show, so I grabbed my midnight snack and steadied the binge! After the first two seasons I would have probably rated the show a 7 or 8, but after the 3rd season I AM HOOKED & IN LOVE! Uhtred (Son of Utred) does an awesome job, the show blew me away! I am rating this show a 10 and showing any love and support I can! I want MORE! I am saying my prayers for season 4, 5, 6, & 10? Great Show! Binge worthy! Started watching this four days ago and was instantly hooked! The story follows uhtred of Bebbanburg. A Saxon heir kidnapped by the Danes at age 11, he must now battle both Dane and English alike to reclaim what is rightfully his. The kaliadescope of actors bring intense drama and passion to this already fantastic story Wonderful. Simply wonderful. If you loved the series 'Vikings' you will adore this. Who cares if liberties are taken with historical fact. Enjoy it for what it is. Superb drama on every level. The seasons 1 & 2 are very good but the season 3 is where it outshines even "Vikings". I was really sceptical to try the series as I remembered just zapping through the first episode couple of years back, but I decided to give it a real go... and boy did I get hooked - watched all three seasons in like five days, I couldn't help myself.<br/><br/>Really captivating drama with some great fighting scenes once in a while, and I just love the historical parts of it.
All the actors are amazing and more than once did some scenes bring tears to my eyes.<br/><br/>I just NEED a season 4 mmkay? :) Will be able to watch the third season of this great series? My husband I really enjoyed the first two seasons. All the actors do a wonderful job and the plotline is terrific. I do not know much about the history and how well they follow the truth, but it is very entertaining and definitely worth continuing. As someone who has watched Game of thrones & Vikings twice over it's a different look on fantasy/history, as where game of thrones is bigger than ever and more boring since they did their own thing without R.R martins books. Vikings has too many slow moments where Ragnar is doing he's emo things and (after ragnars death it kinda lost it's way) the show doesn't move forward. I watched The Last Kingdom season 1 & 2 in a day or two. I can say as dumb as the main character is you will like him or you won't. (it wont ruin the experience)<br/><br/>The Last Kingdom is a more light hearted show with some gloomy elements from time to time, it's definitely worth a watch. The characters could use a little more meat on their bones as in character development but you will get to know what kind of people they are in the simplest of sense. It's not Got or Vikings in scale, but they aren't lacking in action or effects.<br/><br/>Overall i would say it was a nice ride from episode one to the latest, nothing crazy like killing ned stark or pushing kids of towers like in got. Still a great show on its own. Comparing to vikings and got i would say it moves forward faster than both of them and it makes it more binge watchable. This is over all pretty good. They did a good job picking actors. They know how to play their characters well. It's got me interested in reading the books that it is based on. This has been a great replacement for Game of Thrones. It was very easy to follow, and exciting and kept me interested from the first episode. I cannot wait for season 3. I can recommend this title. I enjoyed both seasons for their story and drama. The acting is superb and the twists in the story keep you engaged. Cant wait for season 3! I dunno where to start really, the shows so good i don't think anyone can do it justice in a review. Set in the 9th century, long before the kingdoms became united its a gritty and realistic representation of the time. Forging out power and borders in what will later become England and the United Kingdom in wars and peace deals made between saxons and vikings. <br/><br/>House of cards+Vikings is probably the best way to describe this show if you feel compelled to compare it to something else. The action isn't over the top and its very realistic. It's also small scale accurate to the population of the island in that time period, however season 2 there is a bit more fighting and revenge going on while season 1 was a little more political.<br/><br/>Give it a few episodes to get into it well worth it. One of the best and most enjoyable series to come from the BBC and yet they are procastinating where for goodness sake is the follow up ? Everyone worldwide adored this brilliant work the actors and story telling was superb especially Alexander D notwithstanding the other great actors in the show please Hurry do not play games
 like The Game of Thrones it is so boring waiting I have lost interest do not lose people's interest by playing the waiting game I watched Game of Thrones, Vikings, Narcos, House of Cards, Breaking Bad, Walking Dead,....... 
THIS ONE IS THE BEST AMONG THEM ALL!!!!!!!! I absolutely love this TV series. What rip-roaring entertainment! No, it's not following the books exactly, which bothers a lot of people, but it's not bothering me (I've read all ten books) because they are two entirely different forms of entertainment. The TV series is well written, acted, produced and filmed. Both Uhtred and Alfred are very interesting characters and the TV series does an excellent job of depicting their personalities and how/why their relationship develops, as well as depicting the personalities and relationships among the other main characters. For the action-lover, the fights and battle scenes are terrific and it is fascinating to watch Uhtred develop his strategies. If I have any complaint to make about the TV show it is that they are cramming too much into each season. Another episode or two per season would have been great. I'm also not keen on some of the casting, the most disappointing being the character Gisela. Peri and Alexander have zero on-screen chemistry and I don't like the way her character has been written, but it's not something that ruins the series. The books are a good read, the TV show, while making a few missteps (nothing serious), is great fun to watch and I enjoy each for what they are. Just like the highly entertaining TV series "Games of Thrones" (GOT) that came after author George RR Martin's excellent five-volume fantasy novels, Bernard Cornwell, another brilliant English author whose immensely wonderful book series has spawned this magnificent historical TV series about the Vikings' battle with the Saxons. I like GOT but I love "The Last Kingdom" (LK) chiefly because of the historical nature lending it greater weight and making it more 'grown-up' than a fantasy story like GOT. Specifically LK's story was set in 700s England about Vikings' attempt to swallow up the entire old England. Sure the characters in LK were fictitious, but the geography and history have made the TV series more engrossing and believable. It was fascinating for a non Brit like myself, a geography buff, to learn the how England was carved up into Northumbria, Mercia, Wales, East Anglia and Wessex. Like GOT, the casting in LK was impeccable. Brilliant Danish actors played the marauding Danes (Vikings) while immensely talented English actors played the English. How more authentic can you get. Though it was hard to believe that the Vikings then could speak such excellent English. Just like GOT to enjoy LK optimally one has to read the books in tandem with the TV series. The Last Kingdom has dethroned "Rome" and "The Americans" as my number one TV series. Love this show!! Came upon it purely by chance early last year. It was my fix until the next season of Vikings came back, waited so long for the second season, for only 8 episodes. I binged watched and now have to wait most likely another year. Please make more episodes, 8 is not enough it is only teasing viewers. Please make more than the previous two seasons. How about 16? that would be perfect. There are no reindeer in Denmark, so why dress the danes in reindeer hides? Jackets reaching to the waist instead of knee long tunics, a cowboy belt bucket and what looks like Levi's leather pants? Sword worn on the back, so it is impossible to draw since it is longer than your arm can strech? Cut-away hair styles, filthy faces and fur on the sholders does not make a viking. Horned helmets is the only thing missing to make a complete farse of it all.
I am sorry to say, but all costumes are embarrassing, so if you are remotely intetrsted in brittish and/or scandinavian iron age history you are going to be vrry disappointed. This show is watchable and enjoyable, but it has a number of obvious flaws:<br/><br/>1) Almost complete absence of battle scenes. Perhaps not enough budget? Whenever there is an important fight, we just get fast forwarded to the future<br/><br/>2) Somehow Englishmen and Danes can fluently communicate. Nobody ever in this show explains how and why? They can discuss even complicated topics without any language barrier. <br/><br/>3) Show gives you an impression that English kingdoms had, on average, populations of 100-200 people and armies of 20-50 people. <br/><br/>Overall, it's quite OK and some of the characters are believable. The story picks up after the mid season. Wow. So far (Episode 1) this adaptation is really bad. As an avid reader of all the novels I can say that there are already so many small things wrong with the first episode that apart from the names of the characters I fear this TV-show will have nothing in common with the source material.<br/><br/>I just don't get how you could manage to mess up a great set of novels like that so badly and everyone thinks it's cool because it's some Game of Thrones clone. Well it isn't. The novels are well liked exactly because Uthred is such an imbecile when it comes to politics and always talks when he shouldn't and is always angry and always has a temper that gets him in trouble. That is what makes him so attractive because he is so normal. I mean it's not so hard. Have the first 5 episodes or so deal with Uthred's childhood. That way the audience will actually get to like the character and get to know why he is like he is and maybe even share his fascination and love for the Danes and then just continue on the path. There is enough in the first novel to stretch for a whole season if you are doing it well.<br/><br/>All in all this first episode has been so disappointing that I doubt I will continue watching it. The novels are so amazing and so great and I was so looking forward to a TV make but I should have expected it after what they did to the Sharpe novels. Why can't they just simply take a well written and beloved novel as it is and don't tinker around and cast someone who actually looks the part? What is so hard about not trying to make something better? And why do you have to cast some fashion type looking guy to play Uthred??? He is a warrior in the 9th century... he needs to look rugged and hard not finely trimmed beard and without any hair anywhere else.<br/><br/>It's a shame... this could have really been a good show but it looks to be just another Game of Thrones clone or Tudors clone set in 9th Century England.<br/><br/>I can't believe Bernard Cornwell sold the rights and then didn't pay any attention about what was done with them.<br/><br/>For fans of the novels: Don't watch it, there is no point.The novels are way better. For anyone else: well if you need something while waiting for the next season of Thrones you might as well waste your time with it. Historical incorrect on the borderline of the offensive.<br/><br/>History books a filled with good fully fledged sagas, no need to invent stuff.<br/><br/>You have to watch for yourself, and i definitely suggest you do so. It is laughable.<br/><br/>There is actually several documentaries and other TV shows that does what this does but a 1000 times better.<br/><br/>And 8,1? How the actual .... did that happen? I enjoyed season 4. But why can they not keep to the plot line in the books? You did not need to look at the credits to realise most of these episodes were written by female writers. The pushing of all female characters to centre stage gave that away. Season 4 starts in 911 and Alfred's widow Lady Ealswith plays a prominent part. Which is quite amazing considering she died in 902! Likewise the Vikings never captured Winchester and all that nonsense about hostages was a waste of effort. I do like Alexander Dreymon as Uthred and do not have a problem with his accent. All the other actors play their parts well and the battle scenes are well done. If there is a season 5 and I do hope there is could the writers keep to the plot line in the books not to mention the history books of the period!? PLEASE! I really felt this series was killed off before it had chance to flourish due to poor story telling in the first episode. I've never read the books, so I was going into this series cold. The opening episode was muddled and confusing, mainly down to characters being poorly established, characters it did bother to establish being senselessly killed off too quickly, serving no real purpose to the plot, and no use of the protagonist to make the story clear to the audience.<br/><br/>Ultimately, this series is about the Viking invasion of Northumbria in Saxon Britain. So, at times, why was I left confused as to who was a Saxon and who was a Viking, never mind who individual characters were? Should I have been going off who did and didn't have a beard? OK, so it wasn't too difficult to work out who was a Viking or a Saxon, but things were further confused by there being seemingly different factions of Vikings and Saxons which, again, was never made clear or explained. I can't help but think a pivotal Viking character and Saxon character, that the plot focuses on heavily, would have helped clearly define the battle lines and the vested interests of the two sides involved.<br/><br/>If all of these characters and factions were introduced more slowly, more methodically, through the eyes of the young protagonist Uhtred, the whole first episode would have served its purpose in setting up the story, leaving the audience with an understanding of what's going on, and leaving the writers free to expand the story indefinitely. Instead the series seemed to prefer to move at breakneck pace through events, explaining little along the way. By the end of the first episode I did understand what was going on generally between all factions involved, though I had to rely on my personal knowledge of the Viking invasion of Britian to gain a foothold on the plot. I still have no idea on any character names apart from Uhtred, because the show seemingly went out of its way to leave names unmentioned.<br/><br/>The story aside, I did gain a fair amount of entertainment value out of the quite shocking violence and battle sequences, which made it easy to imagine what life would have been like in Saxon Britain, even if the main battle sequence contained an entirely predictable manoeuvre. The violence is very raw, which I think suited the series' realistic tone, even though it clearly had Game of Thrones in its sights. I may still watch the second episode, but only because I have a personal interest in historical dramas. What I like is that they stay quite close to the book, but that's all. The Uthred character does not match with my personal imagination when i read the books. Much better is David Dawson as King Alfred and Ian Hard as Beocca. But Really bad is the equipment. Especially Uthred looks like an actor in a cheap fantasy movie. There is really no historic analogy. Or take a look his sword - absolutely scary. The relationship between Uhtred and Ragnar does not come clear - only if you know the books - although it is a very important part of the story. The same with his believe - why does he prefer the old gods? And at last the soundtrack - seems a little bit "unmotivated". They had such a good chance for a great TV show. Maybe better than Game of Thrones - but they wasted their chance. I am deeply disappointed from season 1 - I think I will read the books once more. No compare to Vikings - sorry! Everything from acting to costumes screams "B movie" in this series, if your going to compare this show with Vikings it would almost be the same as comparing the value of silver and gold. <br/><br/>I cannot understand how people can compare this awful show with Vikings, i've only watched 1 episode of this broken show, and I want my time back.<br/><br/>My recommendation: stay away The show was pretty good at first, but now that the second season came along its getting pretty hard to watch. The new king Guthred is such an idiot and so is the abbot that doesn't trust Uhtred. Guthred tells Uhtred he is the commander of the army, yet on the second episode they have the easiest fight ever against a small army they outnumber by 3 times, Uhtred says they should attack now. Guthred will not listen to him at all and decides to try and negotiate? With the people that enslaved him of all people. I don't know, I feel like the director just doesn't want bad ass fight scenes which the show is definitely capable of and it is steering away from any logical point of view. Weird. Honestly, you can take your critique on acting ability, how authentic the set looks, whether they were all drunk or on drugs and stuff it.<br/><br/>The only most important thing is whether it was entertaining. I'm not from that time, I'm not a professional critic (unlike some who seem to think they are) and don't put stock in 90% of what a critic says anyway.<br/><br/>I found this show to fill the most important criteria, "Was it entertaining" and for me yes it was very entertaining. I honestly couldn't give 2 farts for how they acted (looked OK to me) neither could I care less at how authentic the set looked (it was made in 2015 for gods sake), But did it fill the most important criteria, and for me that was a yes.<br/><br/>But then again I found gate of thrones, ash vs evil, the bastard executioner, castle, bones, scorpion, Vikings, Dr Who, elementary, the big bang theory, daredevil, dark matter, blue stone 42, defiance, from dusk till dawn, the bridge, black sails (to name a few) entertaining.<br/><br/>Don't care how bad the acting is (well up to a point), couldn't care less if the sets aren't 150% accurate to reality (it's only there to add background for the setting) and seriously couldn't give a hoot what other award winning programs they made before.<br/><br/>Rant over... Cornwell dotes on the fear of the shield wall--its a main theme in this series and in many of his other books. Seems the shield wall in this adaptation breaks on contact. It's not a push and shove with poking short swords and death to left and right, feces, guts and urine underfoot as described in the book. Uhtred is too small, though this might be caused by the books being in first person--the actor isn't really as fearful as the book would have it. I like the actor as Alfred--he fits the character well. So far, Uhtred hasn't pushed his paganism much. Where is the Thor's Hammer amulet that he so freely pushed in the pious Christian's face? Still, it's a good show on its own right. Watch it. Do it. Hot warriors fighting and all that good stuff. I do enjoy the tv-series but the tone of the series feels forced.
Ive read all of the books and i do regret it because the books are so much better compared to the series but thats always the case. In the books he feels more of a brute and in the series he feels like a brat that deserves all the hate for being a pagan, i feel like the show do not express Uthreds thoughts good and that might be why it somehow feel forced.
I do recommend the series though the books made by Bernard Cornwell makes the series look like crap. Oh dear. I shan't be mercilessly slagging this off and giving it 2/3 points as some have done, for a number of reasons, but I will be honest. I haven't read any of the Bernard Cornwell novels (which some slaggers-off have and who were irked that the BBC incarnation of the story bore scant relation to their subtlety) so my reservations relate solely to this, a prime piece of BBC drama. And, well there's the rub.<br/><br/>You can't write-off the production values and the sets depicting Winchester, Oxford, Leeds and York are magnificent in their muddy, piggy, scrofulous ugliness and squalor. I'm not the youngest, but I never knew there was so much mud in the world. But I can write off the script, the dialogue, the direction and the acting, all of which, however, are pretty much standard BBC drama and don't come as a surprise.<br/><br/>Long, long ago, the BBC decided to plough a shallow furrow and play it safe when it comes to drama. And it long, long ago decided that two dimensions is really all a character needs. It is also very keen on stock characters so as not to risk confusing the viewer.<br/><br/>Others report that the original Bernard Cornwell novels are rounded, witty, subtle and historically pretty much on the button (rarely could the Vikings - who were not Danes because Denmark, to which many references are made in the BBC version did not yet exist - and the Saxons communicate as they didn't understand each other, and that, I'm told is a cornerstone of Cornwell's work).<br/><br/>Well, rounded, witty, subtle and historically on the button is what the BBC's version is not (despite the pre-screening PR bull about how it is historically more serious where Game Of Thrones was mere entertaining pap).<br/><br/>But don't get me wrong: the 2/3 out of 10 marks some disillusioned viewers are giving this could most certainly put some off. But don't let it. If you know what you are in for - BBC drama more or less by numbers - and rather like that kind of thing, go for it. You won't be disappointed. It is, as we say here in Britain, what is says on the can. Sadly, it also does no more than that. And 8.5 out of 10 it most certainly is not. Hello Everyone!<br/><br/>I would have to say overall It's not really my cup of tea. I'm a huge fan of the Book Series and this TV series comes nowhere close the epic series, "The Saxon Series" or "The Last Kingdom" by Bernard Cornwell. The Background, Clothing, and Set's are all pretty good so far however it's the Story that Is killing it for me so far. Each and every scene seems to jump drastically in time and story-line. (Think of the movie "Eragon" for this) The speed for this kind of narrative needs to be toned way down as we miss so many of the crucial details that help the story along. I understand it's a TV series and it is impossible to follow the book word for word, and I am struggling to follow the story at points. I feel as if this adaption of the "Saxon Series" is moving way to fast to even tell the tale. Instead of having a fluid story- line you have a jumpy and often hard to follow plot line even for one who has read all the books in this magnificent series. <br/><br/>Overall I'm not a fan of this television series. My biggest gripe is of the speed of the series.<br/><br/>Thanks for Reading and have a wonderful day. Hopes were cautiously high for this one. Bernhard Cornwell's writing is always good and well researched, so the basis for an exciting and realistic production was there. Still, something has gone horribly wrong with the adaptation and direction, resulting in a truly bland and boring couple of episodes (this is written after seeing the first two episodes).<br/><br/>The bits are there: invasion, battles, intrigues, betrayals, hate and revenge. The poor script, bad direction and rather poor production values manage to screw it up into a dreary, boring mess anyway.<br/><br/>Sadly, what could have been good turns out to be nothing but a cheap and inept attempt to cash in on the current Game of Thrones frenzy. Sure, it also takes place in a time past, but it lacks all that makes GoT good: the writing, the direction, the acting and the production values.<br/><br/>4 out of 10 is if anything generous. I started watching this series unknown to the fact that it is based on a book and, in fact, based on real events. From an entertainment point of view, this show lacked a lot of qualities that other shows have set the bar for. Not once was I sitting at the edge of my seat. Admittedly i'm not too informed on the actual historic events, I purely watched this for the enjoyment factor, even though it happened to be predictable every step of the way.<br/><br/>The visuals, at times, are splendid, and the scenery is beautiful. However, many of the characters seemed to lack a convincing performance with regards to their role. <br/><br/>*SPOILERS* We are led to believe that the lead character fell in love with a sorceress queen in the last couple episodes, after a brief interaction, and this is the same lady he risks his life for by the end of the show? We are not told why they their affection is so strong, or what transpired to build upon such emotional attachment. <br/><br/>It is the director's job to convince the viewer that some of the far-fetched stories in this show are plausible, and I simply did not feel convinced. In addition, every time I saw a seed planted for an intriguing plot, I was disappointed with the outcome. <br/><br/>If you are watching this because you read the book, or you have a strong appreciation or patriotism to the actual historical event, perhaps the series will satisfy you. If you are simply watching this for the purpose of witnessing an epic, groundbreaking adventure with high enjoyment factor, you can skip it altogether and invest time towards something else, perhaps reruns of Game of Thrones. This show is like a telenovela but set in the Middle Ages. The acting is to say the least suboptimal. The lead 'uthred' is as whimsical as a woman on her period. Anytime something good happens to him he turnes rogue and like the man child he is, completely ruines his own prospects. I do not get why this show has got so many good reviews. I love stories set in this period, especially covering political and battle episodes of the age. I found overall the series mediocre, compared especially to Vikings, not because of the adherence to history or costumes or acting, but simply because the whole storytelling is mediocre, similar to a B-rated TV show like Hercules or Xena could be. The protagonist, Uthred, is probably the most unlikable protagonist of a TV show. And not because we can characterize him as good or evil (we don't care, we enjoy watching protagonists with gray areas, or even villains) but simply because he seems like a spoiled brat. Each episode we don't know what he is going to do but most disturbingly we don't understand why he is doing something. "now I want to be an earlderman, now I am a Dane, now I kill people, now I am a loving father, now I hate my 2 months old son, now I love God, now I hate him, now I plunder, now I enforce the law. And the same goes for other characters, but obviously Uthred is the most annoying. We need consistent storytelling, we don't care if he is good or bad! This is an amazing tv show that deserves more views. The writing, the action, and the dialogue are on point. The only little bit pick is that the costumes can look a bit cheap sometimes. Other than that this is 100% worth the watch. Interesting part of the history - probably not most accurate but who I'm i to tell- but the lead character is major disappointment - equivalent of blonde with big t... Thought the series is good but there's a bad thing about the series which I would like to say ,In the series utred is always being targeted and never rewarded for his deeds and this annoys the most to the viewers and makes it unsatisfactory and so I would give it a 6/10 Held my attention up until episode 5 of series 1. Enjoyed it until that point. Then when it emerged we had another indestructible superhero on our hands I lost interest.<br/><br/>Great show for teenagers. Very disappointed personally. Predictable and boring. Shame it went all Hollywood cheese, it had potential. Started off good, but story keeps jumping the shark!<br/><br/>***Spoilers***
I should have bailed on this show when the Saxon kid was magically speaking the same language as the Vikings in the first episode.<br/><br/>When Uhtred confusingly ditched his lifelong girlfriend, married a stranger and knocked her up in the same episode, I really should have bailed.<br/><br/>I finally called it quits in the 5th episode where Uhtred almost single-handidly defeats an army, Odda takes credit for everything and Alfred not only doesn't reward him for saving England, but punishes him for interrupting him at church? Are you kidding me? This seesaw of betrayal and injustice is just absurd.<br/><br/>***End spoilers***<br/><br/>Acting is great - this would have made a good movie with a decent editor, but the story unraveled after the first few episodes. Waste of time. Just finished season 4!! I enjoyed it but most def the weakest of them all in my opinion. I just found this series and I must say, as an avid GOT fan, my allegiance has moved to TLK! Not only is this show rooted in actual history, but the acting is phenomenal and the cinematography is second to none! These actors have a depth and variance that you don't see in many thespians. It's hard to choose a favorite actor because they all have the ability to immerse you into their role, but if I had to I would say Uhtred (Alex Draymon) of course because he's obviously not too bad to look at in addition to his ability to make his complicated character come to life in an extraordinary way, Finan (Mark Rowley) and Sihtric (Arnas Federman) because they are hilarious and easy on the eyes as well, and Father Beocca (Ian Hart) because he's a legend! Now that it's on Netflix it's popularity will rise for sure! It will definitely garnish many awards in the future! Can't wait for Season 4 and 5 and 6 and..... Without a doubt one of the best series to come out if the Netflix stable. Searingly brutal in places, it portrays brilliantly the political machinations of a turbulent time in British history-and the human side of living through it.
The acting is exceptional by the main characters -surely an award worthy performance by David Dawson as King Alfred - and with deep characterisation of many of the supporting characters really makes the whole series great.
Heartbreaking, exhilarating and passionate-I have loved this last series especially - just fantastic- worth watching. I hope to see series 4 in 2019 The Last Kingdom is one of my favorite shows of all time. I'm especially interested by medieval history, and the creators are to be praised for their vision. The sets, props and actors are very accurate in their depiction of 9th century life. The show doesn't get all flashy and over the top, instead creating a world that feels so real, you'd be forgiven for believing you were watching actual history. I usually don't like British television shows. They're dramas are notorious for endless boring dialogue, and their comedies are usually just plain bizarre and androgynous/homoerotic. However, this Viking show is an exception. It's a fantastic fast moving coming of age story with excellent acting, music, and cinematography. Of course the BBC has decided not to make a third season!! I guess the Brits prefer their painfully slow burning crime dramas or "comedy programs" with men dressed as women. 10/10 stars. Not a single friend or family member of mine that I have spoken with has not heard of this AMAZING and EXCELLENTLY portrayed series. It had no publicity what so ever, and the series is so undermined, but it is BRILLIANT! The first episode is very very boring, and it will turn people off....it almost turned me off. However, the first episode has packed A LOT of important and to the point information in it, so it can be confusing and almost seem that it is scattered and offset, but its simply giving the most important and necessary details, to help describe who Uhtred really is and where he comes from. <br/><br/>I've seen where people have complained that the characters do not look like how they are described in the book. Everyone who ever watches movies/shows made from novels, should know that the character on screen will always be more attractive than they are portrayed in writing. It is a marketing advantage and helps to draw in other viewers. The ONLY people who were disappointed in Uhtred's appearance on the show were men, and I can see why.....because Uhtred is played by the incredibly GORGEOUS and SEXY Alexander Dreymon, and he is absolutely spectacular! He plays the role just as and brings Uhtred to life. Dreymon is full of character as he gives the perfect shine, humor, care, strength that Uhtred is described to posses. <br/><br/>Do not forget that this is a BBC Production, so it is carefully attended to. I have the up most respect for BBC, as they always ensure that matters stay as close to correct as possible and if they don't, they will state that at the beginning of the film/show. <br/><br/>Give this show a chance and you will not be disappointed. Beautifully shot, scenery amazing. This show is the best of Netflix. Totally underated. Makes you laugh and cry. The acting is amazing. Alexander Dreymon is Uhtred. I have watched all 4 seasons 3 times and it still seems so fresh. I loved Vikings but have to say this is better. The introduction of the 2 other characters Sitric and Finan is genius. Historic drama at its best. This production reminds me of "Spartacus: Blood and Sand," which was much better. "The Last Kingdom" is somewhat interesting--definitely not compelling--until Season 2, Episode 3 when it jumped the shark. In this episode, there was not one, but two--count 'em, two--last-second rescues.<br/><br/>"Spartacus" also jumped the shark during its last season, when it became ludicrous to the point of being a cartoon with live actors.<br/><br/>I reckon the lesson for both of these period "epics" is to end them when the writers exhaust their good ideas. Great show...if you like vikings you will love this show!..been waiting forever for season 4 Best after game of thrones
Better than game of thrones in fights
Must watch
Eagerly waiting for season 4
Best till season3 The last kingdom is a lot of fun! The historical accuracy is not exactly on point but it doesn't really claim to be either. Having just visited Scotland and England makes this series especially interesting. My mom introduced me to this show and I rolled my eyes, but after one episode, I was hooked. Normally, I hate movies about history that is modernized for movies (tv), but I found myself believing it. I can't say that about GOT. This has all the same elements of love, sex, war, loyalty, disloyalty, fear, lots of bravery, most of all struggle. I want so badly for another season. Great show! The lead actor as well as the group of main players all did a wonderful job in keeping the unity going throughout the series. Like any program that captures our interest, it is always difficult to see it end as I felt for this program. Well done series. Fell super interesting at the first once episode 1 started and the chill of thrill continued to the last episode...
I fell addicted to it...<br/><br/>This is really a fantastic series and wish there was season 4 and more.....
Give it a try, you'll not regret.... To me this has to be the best series out there. Nothing is boring in any episode and each episode makes you want more I hope they carry this series on for some time. I love looking back I thinking what it would of been like. Can't wait for season 4 IT'S Great serie, I enjoyed every minute.
Very good acting and filming, give us a window to real life in that old times As good as GOT minus the dragons. Acting, costumes, scenery all excellent.
David Dawson, Alexander Dreymon stand out, but really all were Oscar worthy Unlike GOT, you don't need to take notes and study a guide:map to keep up. It is a lot of fun and something new to watch for those "Bingers" who are looking for something to grab them on a cold weekend The storyline and acting are top-notch. I've binged this show since discovering it - which is rare for me to do. Watch it - you won't be sorry. This is a really well done series, I enjoyed it much more than the books. I love this show. So many amazing characters to get behind and the story is captivating. I've rewatched all 3 series over and over. I can't get enough. We now have confirmation of season 4 and I'm beyond excited!
I have it on DVD and watch it often, it's still trending on Netflix too. Having read all the excellent Bernard Cornwell books, I had a pretty set picture of Uhtred, Alfred and Beocca and their Saxon-Dane world, and it was perfectly adequate. However, Dreymon, Dawson and Hart have completely replaced that picture in an unforgettable way and brought this tale of early Britain to amazing visceral life. Top acting, screenwriting, dialogue and action. Season 1 was good, Season 2 better, and Season 3 outstanding. Bring on Season 4 urgently! I am so glad Netflix picked this up. I love everything about it, the stories, the actors, the action, the humour. I'm a huge fan of The Vikings tv show, but this might even be better! I hope it gets picked up for many more seasons. There is much to praise here - great story, fantastic acting, wonderful period piece! The series portrayal and understanding of religious narrow-mindness and hypocrisy is spot on. Classic bad behavior and judgementalism all good done in the name of religion. It is both sad and head-shaking. Faith is peddled as a replacement for objectivity and common sense. Highly recommend series - must see TV!!!!! Not only is the story incredible the twists and turns and unknown of what's to come keeping you biting at the teeth, the battles are intense the dialogue is full of wit and character, everyone does a great job of making you love them, hate them and empathize with their circumstances. Brilliant show I hope it's not over! One of the best on Netflix infact 'IT IS' the Best! The cast, the plot, Acting ...everything about this series is simply amazing. There is this brilliant attention to detail. Waiting for season 4 badly! So many action/adventure/dramas set in this period are fantasy-based and awash in gratuitous violence and gore. The Last Kingdom is thoughtful (and I think somewhat based on history). The characters are well developed and the writing is really solid. The CGI and live action are seamless. The show really paints a picture of what an awful time this would have been to be alive-- but how it was necessary for England to evolve as it has. I found out about this show purely by luck. I was looking for a series that could keep me captivated, especially in this certain category. I mean you have to watch something when game of thrones and Vikings are not on air. I would put the last kingdom the ladder of the other two series. However the more of "vikings" the worst it gets. There is too much going on in Vikings, they skip time periods like we use the bathroom. Then half will be about the brothers which are all split up, and the other half in England on a dissasstifying plot. The last kingdom sticks to the core 90% of the time and has the best protagonist now. Anybody with an appetite for this genre will love this show. The actors are between good/great, and the plot lines are great. This is a *no spoilers* review but let's just say they do kill a lot of essential people and that dynamic changes and preserves the story. Lastly nothing to do with the review but sometimes I think about what if Uhtred and Ragnar Lothbrook were partners and there lieutenants were Finan and Bjorn Ironside. Could anybody defeat that tandem with there own army? I agreed to watch this show with my husband not expecting much....man was I wrong. From the very first few minutes of the first episode I was drawn in. I literally binged watched each season (I binged watched season 3 in 2 days). The story is so fantastically compelling. It's based on a book series by Bernard Cornwell who writes historical fiction, so although not all characters are real (some, but not all), the events and historical timeline are. The Last Kingdom centers around the history of an early England when Saxon and Dane challenged each other over territory. The clash of their cultures in this show is nothing less than palpable. This series is amazing! It's gritty, dramatic, action packed and uses a very talented cast and production team. So many elements are there for a irresistible story, that you won't want to pry yourself away from your tv. It pulls you in and makes you feel like you are there in the 9th century as the events unfold before you. Simply captivating. I can't wait for season 4!!!!! If you don't have Nextflix, you can purchase the DVDs. They call this "historical fiction", which, if you look up the actual history of the people portrayed on the show, seems to translate roughly as "we used real people's names and general times and locations and made everything else up." Still, even though it might not be very accurate from a historical perspective, I found the show to be extremely addictive and entertaining.<br/><br/>The show has a very large cast of characters, but I think it would be fair to say that this is largely the story of two men who are trying to set the gold standard for the term 'frenemies'. Alexander Dreymon plays Uhtred, the main-main character; he is the youngest son of a regional monarch in medieval England. This is before the unification of the entire country into a single nation, when England was divided into a large number of little territories.<br/><br/>This dream of uniting all the territories is a theme that runs throughout the series, and one of the more interesting aspects of the show. This is way before the British monarchy of the 1600's most of us are used to seeing in movies, after England had thrived for generations as a worldwide economic and military powerhouse. Many of the "kings" don't rule much more than two or three towns and some farmland, and armies were maybe four or five hundred soldiers drawn from the nobility and prosperous families, as peasants had neither the combat training nor the money to afford weapons and armor.<br/><br/>Anyway, Uhtred's father is killed by invading Danes (Vikings) when he is a child and he is captured as a slave. Raised as a member of the household staff and later as an adopted son, by the time he is an adult he has come to think of himself as a Dane until a series of events causes him to be exiled from the community. At which point he reluctantly seeks entry back into the society of his birth, which brings him into contact with the king of Wessex, one of the last unconquered territories.<br/><br/>That king would be Alfred, played by David Dawson. A highly educated and extremely religious man, the two hate each other almost immediately. Alfred doesn't trust anyone not a Christian, and Uhtred finds his piousness obnoxious and arrogant, and refuses to convert. Add to that the fact that the Danish society Uhtred was raised in favored blunt honesty and decisive decision making, neither of which are compatible with the quiet, bookish, scheming Alfred's life in court, and the relationship is almost perpetually strained.<br/><br/>Unfortunately for both men (or rather fortunately, even if neither of them realizes it), they need each other. The Danes have much better combat discipline and tactics, which has allowed them to grind the native British kingdoms to the brink of extinction, and so Uhtred is a much better general than anyone else available to Alfred. And Alfred is the only person capable of giving Uhtred what he most desires; his birthright title and lands.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, Uhtred is incapable to using tact and playing the political game Alfred demands, and Alfred constantly resorts to deceit, extortion, and a host of sleazy tricks to keep Uhtred under his thumb rather than simply dealing with him with mutual respect. This keeps their relationship perpetually unstable, with both men constantly self-sabotaging to the exasperation of those around them, who often perceive both men as great leaders.<br/><br/>The show is what I would call epic fantasy; rather like Game of Thrones but without dragons. Characters are often larger than life, always wearing stylish form-fitting armor that seems to stay in perfect, unblemished condition even when they move through swamps, and combat is usually preceded by emotional speeches accompanied by sweeping musical scores. Magic, or at least inexplicable coincidence combined with overt mysticism, is very much a constant presence. All of which combines to create a sweeping, epic narrative; the stories where legends are created.<br/><br/>Each season usually has two major arcs, one of which resolves at the half-way point for the season. A season is 8 episodes, each around an hour. The pacing and drama are well done, with most episodes containing at least one or two exciting moments and often ending on a cliffhanger. The drama can feel a little soap opera-ish at times, and character development can sometimes feel as though characters regress emotionally rather than growing as human beings, but overall I still found the show very engaging and entertaining and often found myself wanting to watch "just 15 minutes more" to see how some plot point resolved. So I would recommend it as a decent binge-worthy item to stream on those lazy Sundays when you're avoiding more productive pursuits. Alexander did really good job. Worth to watch it. Once you start watching then you will watch till season is not finished. Of all the historical fictional shows on air lately this feel so accurate and most real. I love the Vikings tv show it is amazing cinema and entertainment. As well is The Last Kingdom. But TLK just really gets it for making a most accurate feel and portrayal of the time. I get so sucked in and can feel myself in the time there. I can't wait for the next season. If you love GoT and the Vikings, you will Love this show. It is as good as any show on TV today. Waited along time for Season 2 to come out. The acting, directing, story line, and screenplay are all great. Love it. Watch this show from Season 1 and you won't be disappointed. Can't wait for Season 3!! I'm no expert, but thought I'd give my opinions on the series.<br/><br/>Note: A few vague spoilers.<br/><br/>Right off the bat, it has great camera-work, sound, and editing is good.<br/><br/>The story drops you right in the center of the conflict, perhaps even too fast for some. I would have liked to be given a bit more time to like the characters, but it was so well done that I applaud their ability to get me from disliking some characters and liking them and then cheering them on all within an hour. The dialogue was more fluid and natural than "Vikings", which is not so wrong, it's just unnatural and you remember it's just a show. The dialogue here avoids that and I was on the edge of my seat (and I am the most critical and difficult to please of anyone I know when it comes to TV, literature...) <br/><br/>I love how truly barbaric you feel many of these people are, how you can taste the mead and smell the blood on their beards. One thing I wish they had done is spend the first episode showing the MC as he grew up. I find it a bit strange that even living his life with the vikings, he still looks skinnier than me. His hair is not their style, even though he'd like to be more like them, and does not grow out his beard. Building off of that, I really wished there would be more of the lives these vikings lived before the MC is again, on the run. I want that gritty, brotherhood, guys-night-in with axes and mead and killing that many guys need. Please don't try to appeal to a larger audience by watering it down or making it specially woman-friendlier than say, Vikings. The blood is on par with Game of Thrones, if somewhat less. The sex is a bit less than Vikings, but in a classy way. You see the beginning and its fun but you don't need to see the whole thing, it's not a porno and they move along. <br/><br/>Like another critic said, it did feel a bit too fast. I loved many of the characters and they died faster than any on GOT. Two things I will say are desperately missing: Memorable music. Off that: DO NOT NARRATE, ESPECIALLY IN THE INTRO. I HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN YOUR STORY, I AM BINGING ON NETFLIX. PLEASE JUST USE SOME COOL VISUALS AND MEMORABLE MUSIC LIKE WESTWORLD OR GAME OF THRONES AND I WILL KILL FOR YOU. <br/><br/>2: Please make your hero more memorable. I like the guy, but he is so bland compared to many of the other awesome characters (like all the Ragnars...). He looks like he was just thrown in for the looks to draw in the female population (if that's the case then how about adding some more eye-candy for us guys? Not that the MC female isn't enough as it is...) I don't mean it's a problem of his acting, more of the story and how he is "shaped" because of it. Not every hero is a gorgeous stallion. Give him a scar or a cool hairdo or face tattoo's. <br/><br/>Take some risk. Do it well and I will love this show more than Vikings and others. Cleverly adapted, beautifully acted & directed, this series was a joy! I binged watched the first series when Id been told about it, and the latest series kept up it's high standards. Immense care has been taken with the production, costumes, weaponry & general authenticity of each scene. Well done 'The Beeb', however, it MORE than deserves a BBC1 slot, so come on,listen to your viewers! This is the dumbest thing i've seen in decades. Characters' motives, my god those characters' motives and actions... Horrible. The first five episodes were interesting with just enough democracy and structure overall to keep you watching. The main character seemed like a good person and keeps you curious how he will turn into the lands king. Then episode 6 the writers break the entire show into chaos along with destroying their main charachter into a wild ape. For a season one- this made zero sense and went from a GOT themed structure to a zoo. The up and downs keep you interested as the main character is finding himself. However when he goes over the edge half way in,thats when the power button got hit. 1. It ain't a great story<br/><br/>2. The plot/timeline for actions is bad<br/><br/>3. The acting of the main person is so bad it makes me cry. The instructor wants him to be cool, but his actions makes him a fool. Maybe it is because the plot/timeline is bad.<br/><br/>So many dumbless scenes, where the meaning and actions is crap.<br/><br/>4. Don't waste your time at it. Gave it a go, didn't catch my attention at all.<br/><br/>Haven't read the books, so just watching it as it is.<br/><br/>Somewhat everything in the episodes feels rushed and messy. <br/><br/>There is a definite try to create sparks between characters and make them click, but it's just not happening, not for me at least. Trying to cover things with sex scenes is an old trick that hardly works here too.<br/><br/>Something's just missing, can't really put together as to what, it is a hard job to make a show as such as interesting as GOT did, so maybe that's it. Is it just me or does the background music remind you immediately of House of Cards??? This ruins it for me, because as soon as I hear the familiar background undertone music I think of House of Cards and it takes me out of the show.<br/><br/>What the heck!?! I bet they hired the same guy to do the music for this show? I find it very inappropriate that he basically recycled House of Cards music for this show. <br/><br/>What an idiot. This is a good show but the music ruins it for me.<br/><br/>I mean, how lazy can this guy be to recycle basically the same music he used for House of Cards.<br/><br/>Whoever approved or is responsible for this bad decision should be fired. Series one was great. Series two was good. Series three was patchy. The fourth series is almost like it was made by different people. Utred Is so blond and wears so much make up he's unrecognisable. The plot make no sense and is inconsistent to the point where it's ridiculous. There seems to be no proper sense of space and time, people just turn up in one part of the country one day and then are in a completely different part in the next scene. Princess are fighting against seasoned warriors in battle and escaping without so much as scratch. The presence of Alfred is sorely missed. The tension between Utred and the Danes thst ran through the earlier seasons is totally absent. And the most annoying thing is the constant demonisation of Utred despite the fact he has saved everyone's lives over and over again. The entire thing is cartoonish. I originally gave this a 10 / 10. Have now changed to 6 / 10 which is generous. It's a real shame as I loved the first few seasons and books. This is a watchable, fun series with bloody battles and a delightful mix of history and fiction. Not sure it deserves 4 seasons - events are becoming repetitive, the acting more and more mediocre, the script lazy and one dimensional. The production is ridiculously inadequate. An 'army' is a band of 40-50 extras, Winchester, the supposedly grand seat of the Crown, is about 12 wooden huts, and an 'epic' battle looks like a pub brawl on a field. Surely if not with actual physical bodies, they could have created some digital effects to give the illusion of a big battle? Also, in Season 4, apparently if you don't have a horse, you can jog from somewhere in west of England, near-ish Wales all the way to somewhere in Northumbria in about 15 min. I know its fantasy but really? Lazy script and lazy production. This tv series is just a cheap copy of vikings. They just put matrix effects and a british story to the original tv series of vikings. Just watch the real Vikings, it is much better I wonder how many of You 10/10 scores actually read the books?<br/><br/>I recognize the ambivalent nature in choosing wonderful books over a low budget show, and ofcourse anything is far better than show at all. The books is a thrill to read and therefore it is such a shame that no one had the stones to throw the cash needed to make it right. I mean 50-60% of each book is written out of each season and that is such a shame. If only these books had been done with the same respect as HBO have shown Game of Thrones this would have been a TV classic today and not the easily forgotten show like the plethora of all the rest.
David Dawson lifts Alfred to the books high standard, what a delight watching him play. Ragnar Lothbrook would eat this guy for breakfast. Just started watching season 4. Show seems to be getting dumber. In episode 2, Uthred kidnaps his own young son from a monastery to force him to participate (and risk his life) in a hair brained scheme to capture Bebanburg with not enough men and hardly any plan. DUMB AND DUMBER. Wtf? Best show. Beats Game Of Thrones.
Very good actors and everything fits perfectly . This is a very well made series just mind blowing... <br/><br/>Please do not listen to all those bitching about the show watch it and be judge yourself ....<br/><br/>can't wait for season 2 to kick in and I hope every season it gets better and better ...<br/><br/>This is a very well made series just mind blowing... <br/><br/>Please do not listen to all those bitching about the show watch it and be judge yourself ....<br/><br/>can't wait for season 2 to kick in and I hope every season it gets better and better ...<br/><br/>This is a very well made series just mind blowing... <br/><br/>Please do not listen to all those bitching about the show watch it and be judge yourself ....<br/><br/>can't wait for season 2 to kick in and I hope every season it gets better and better ... After watching one episode i skipped this series immediately.it is so unrealistic and worst casting.instead of watching it, please go for Vikings,it's really a great show.again I'm saying don't waste your time by watching it. This is the most boring show I have ever watched. The characters are very plain. I can not help despise Uther who is the main character. The storyline is just very painful to follow. I decided to watch this programme for two reasons the first being because I've watched the history channel series of Vikings a few times and it has become my favourite ever series I find it more compelling and better than game of thrones. The second reason is because of all the reviews on here saying how good this programme is and how great the acting and the battles are.<br/><br/>I honestly can't understand how anyone can find this show even remotely good. I came into it with an open mind knowing it would be different to vikings and I was severely disappointed by how poor the acting is. None of the characters are believable and the actors themselves seem as though they're disinterested.<br/><br/>If you want a gripping show that makes you want to know more about the characters and their way of life and if you want to see great fight scenes then steer clear of this rubbish and watch Vikings believe me you will not be disappointed. The has is the quality of a low budget LARP fan fiction. The acting is bad and the plot is worse, please cancel this show so my wife can stop watching it. Having read all the books I was really looking forward to this but I couldn't be more disappointed. Not of the actors either looked like or portray the characters they are playing. This could have been so much better than G.O.T. but fell way short of the mark. Uhtred would be turning in his grave. Did I miss something? I was really enjoying this series. Why would they turn the main character into a selfish cruel murderous reprobate low life in one episode? I wasted 6 hours of my life on this series. Don't waste your time I stuck it through out of stubbornness, but almost bailed due to a couple of very annoying and inescapable flaws. 1. Uhtred's accent is ridiculous. It seemed to get worse as the series progressed. It sounds nothing like a Dane, more like Arnold Schwarzenegger crossed with a Scouser. A more "standard" or southern English accent would have worked fine and blended with the others better. Why do a ridiculous accent anyway? We wouldn't have been able to understand most of what any of them said in reality, whatever language they were speaking, so why draw attention to it? 2. The annoying filters they filmed everything with hurt my eyes. I guess the sun was weaker in those days.<br/><br/>The motivation for the characters' actions was often bewildering or nonsensical, and they laid on the antihero thing a bit heavy. Also, the 4th season's pandering to modern feminist sensibilities was rather strained. So much for a realistic look at the Dark Ages. But overall, mostly entertaining fare, comparatively speaking. I watched the first two episodes years ago, but never had time or patience to watch more until now. Finally got around to binge-watching all three seasons over a week. I'm really into historical-type stuff, but this is ridiculous after a while. I was so sick of hearing "destiny is all," I felt like vomiting.<br/><br/>By the end of the first season, I had to wonder if this Uhtred guy had any sense at all to keep going back to Winchester and putting up with Alfred's nonsense, and for what? Sure, Athelwold wasn't fit to be king, but neither was Alfred...he could never decide if Uhtred, after everything he did for him, was loyal. And then Uhtred had the stupidity to be there when he died too, knowing that it would be a hostile place. And he still hadn't figured out that Athelwold killed Ragnar so he could just get that over with.<br/><br/>Alfred never deserved anyone's loyalty, his wife was selfish and irritating (he had to die just to get peace from her constant controlling and nattering), and the perpetually judgmental, so-called Christians in this thing reminded me constantly of why I'm not one anymore. I couldn't wait for it to be over and I honestly couldn't find one sympathetic character who stayed alive through the whole thing, including Uhtred. Mostly, I pitied the innocent women who were needlessly killed. I hope the third season was the last one, not that I'd watch it again if there was another. I'll never understand why it has so many positive reviews. I guess there's just that many people out there who enjoy what basically amounts to a mind-numbingly repetitive soap opera full of violence. No more Viking shows for me...there's too many of them now. And I don't want to hear the name "Ragnar" anymore. Between this and the TV series, it's been done to death. If only they had stayed truer to the books. Rewatching the series again before the third season begins I realize just how much they changed. Bernard Cornwell does his research and tried to maintain accuracy but the scriptwriters stayed so far in their pursuit of being p.c.
I realize that 8 episodes is not enough to cover everything but changing names and places make no sense. Where are the voyages on Alfred's ships? The excitement of the raids and battles? Disappointing to say the least, I still like the series thus far but reading the books again in preparation to watch the new season makes me realize how far the series has strayed from Cornwells vision. Ragnar died on that boat, along with this show. There really isn't much to say hear. Binge worthy. Not the gratuitous sex and violence standard to HBO that was heaped out with Game of Thrones (which would have been better without much of it rather than focusing on story). Uhtred, son of Uhtred, is a flawed but like able character with a purpose. The production design, writing and performances are first rate. I highly recommend binging! I almost didn't watch this because of the 1st year; you know, the scruffy but handsome wisecracking dumb bunny who isn't serious at all. This season, he's like, well, like he's grown up. But the charector is still the dumbest "hero" ever written in fiction.
If you're a fan of the genre of lucky heros who should have been killed of early iln life because they're so stupid, you'll love guy.
But, the action is good, intrigue is good, scenery is great, historical feel is good, except of course the idiocy of all the kings men wearing beautiful uniforms, and that battles were no one wears a helmet and they roar and spit at each other in no coordination; false! The saxons were known for their shield wall, which started with the Vikings. Their resident idiots then were know as beserkers, but the rest of the fighters stayed tight.
I guess hollywood just loves handsome pretty boys without helmets roaring around battlefields all by themselves.
Just like Game of thrones et al...best battle scenes? gladiator opening battle; of all time! I love this show, except for one thing: the accent of Uthred. Acting and storyline are great, but the fake accent of Uhtred is horrible. I give the show a 7, but without the annoying accent, which makes no sense at all, I would easily give it a 9. Uthred is the only one in the show with such an accent. In the first season he had a slight accent, which was OK, but it gets worse every season. It's just as if he has a speech disorder. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>To preface, I have not yet seen Game of Thrones, so this may feel similar in many ways I assume. It takes place in 872 A.D. so there's your backdrop, and there are many Kingdoms that made up what is today's England which are populated by the Saxon's. Many of the Kingdoms have been invaded by the Danes and one major Kingdom remains, the Kingdom of Wessex. The series follows the main protagonist Uhtred, born a Saxon and raised a Dane. He must choose an allegiance as he becomes a man. There is of course much pillaging and plundering (I had to work those words into my review â€“ ha) and some good battles. Many warriors challenge, partner and try to trick Uhtred and his soldiers throughout. There is ample blood but not as much as I hear is in GoT yet several slashings of men's Achilles heals. Religion and pagans are a big theme with many disagreements at times. The show did not politicize that topic and it struck a good balance as each perspective had important impacts. There was detailed character development as I was able to keep track of the many characters and their purpose and how they effected the various story lines. Solid, high quality, engaging and I grew more interested as the show progressed. Everything about this show is amazing; the story line, the characters, the history and the locations. It's loyal to the books, yet unique. The episodes are so quick and full of excitement. It's on en epic scale, but modest enough that it's completely realistic. The plot and the action scenes are so riveting and addictive. I was on the edge of my seat the whole was through, and couldn't wait for the next episodes. It is intense and heart gripping and funny all at the same time. I was hooked from the first episode and binge watched the whole 2 seasons in a day and night. Only downside is waiting to see if another season is in the works. I absolutely love this show and have been telling everyone to watch it! I didn't know this had another part to it. I rented it from my local library and was instantly in love with it. The characters, the time, the events,everything were done extremely well. I had just binged watched all of the Vikings series, through the end of season 3 and found this title, not expecting much. However, had I seen this first, I probably would have gone for the Vikings anyhow. I love the history of England, blood/guts/cruelty and all, and found this movie up to my satisfaction. I'm pretty hard core when it comes to accuracy and this one didn't disappoint. We think that in today's World there is so much violence, not so, back then, in history, nothing was more violent or bloody, especially by those that "ruled" with God-like authority. I can't imagine living and dying by the sword, or by the word of another, who fears no one. I will look forward to the second season of this tale. I've also noticed that the acting is a bit more superior to Vikings, I'm only on episode 1 of season 2 and just can't stop watching. Illustrates the imperialistic and imperious mindsets of the "past" are still there, that any opposition or diversity separate to their own on this island needs to be portrayed as moronic or backward such as with the Celts.<br/><br/>The Cornish are depicted as uncultured and barbaric which the Saxons sneer at compared with the "civilized" Saxon towns they know. The Cornish king makes cheap jokes about the older queen and asserts the value of his beautiful second wife. This is all frankly sexist, racist and a historically incorrect depiction in so many ways, and is along the lines of a wider tendency in English media to deride Celtic culture as inferior to Anglo-Saxon. It's there today in panel show guests still laughing at the Welsh and the Scots though now afraid to do the same with the Irish and Asian/African nations... as they did happily not so long ago.<br/><br/>Whether done unconsciously or not, it's lazy and unreflective racism toward the descendants of the Celts in Britain and a similarly untested sense of superiority in some of those who identify as English. I started noticing how bad it is halfway through season one and now I think he embellishes it even more. It's almost as bad as Lagertha from Vikings. The show's all right and I want to continue to watch it so I just laugh every time Uhtred speaks. I've pretty much stopped taking him seriously as a character because of how bad his accent is. I cant help but to compare this show with "vikings" since they both portray the meeting of the Danes (vikings) and the Saxons (england). This show could be great, offering a different point of view from the show "vikings" since "the last kingdom" revolves around the Englishmen. The plot and story itself is pretty engaging, however I feel the casting has failed miserably notably the actors portraying Uthred and the king Alfred. There is no passion from Uthred, no confusion seeing how he is forced to choose between his breed as an Englishman or as a Dane that is his upbringing. The actor fails miserably to show any emotion, and far from able to engage his audience. Alfred has no air of royalty, I get he is depicting a sickly person, but he just looks like a skinny junky. The actor tries too hard to show charisma by speaking softly at times and looking aloof alas he's far from convincing, again, he just looks like a junky seeming out of place. Its really a pity since I really wanted this show to be great but it just brings disappointment. I watched The Last Kingdom whilst in lockdown after finishing some other major series on Netflix to pass the time. I generally enjoy historic action war films and TV shows so this fitted my style of programs I often watch. This series had slipped under the radar and I had not noticed it until now or other series simply caught my eye more.<br/><br/>The series starts out quite strongly with several major events happening alone in the very first episode and a reasonable amount of character development established. The production values of the battle scene's, costume's and such look fairly good for a TV series and the principal actors are good enough for this level (Its not a AAA film) of production. The action scenes are often fun to watch and come fairly frequently.<br/><br/>Now for some of the negatives. So far I have only watched up to the first episode of season 3 but I can inform you that you will have to sit through hundreds of times of the following sayings / sentences being mentioned which gets very irritating. I can know barely keep a straight face every time I hear the main character say some of them and find myself mocking him for amusement as I make a cup of tea during breaks watching.<br/><br/>"Lord ..... "
"Lord King ... "
"He's a warrior"
"He is Uhtred son of Uhtred"
"He is Odda son of Odda"
"He is Ragnor son of Ragnor"
"Young Ragnor ... Young Odda"
"He is Uhtred alderman of Bebbanburg"
"Ohhhh Beocca!" (In cheerful smiling tone with accent)<br/><br/>So by the start of season 3 the series had established the following things:<br/><br/><ul><li>Every season has a main principal bad guy or people they have to fight with something unique about them</li><li>Every season Uhtred has to make himself look more pretty, season 2 was guy liner, season 3 is the sides of his head shaved and his hair pulled back.</li><li>Uhtred only has to speak to a woman for 2 mins and she wants to bed him and marry him</li><li>Uhtred never learns from his mistakes, time and time again he is screwed over or his loyalty questioned by kings, noble people, friends and lovers yet he continues to serve and assist them and acts surprised when they turn on him again.</li></ul><br/><br/>So going into season 3 I am thinking "Not this same plot line again just with a different bad guy", hopefully ill be surprised and it wont be as predictable as the first episode is setting the series up to be. Ill reserve judgement until I have seen it but my interest in the show is beginning to diminish.<br/><br/>I hope they bring back the characters Brida and Mildrith as those plot lines weren't left in a satisfying conclusion for me and I like both the characters more then their replacements.<br/><br/>-----------------------------------------------------------
An update after watching season 3 / 4:
-----------------------------------------------------------<br/><br/>I know there will be some historical reason for this but having a name that's near identical for so many key characters (male and female) made plot points at times difficult to follow. For eg:<br/><br/><ul><li>Aethelflaed</li><li>Aethelwold</li><li>Aethelred</li><li>Aethelhelm</li><li>Aethelstan</li></ul><br/><br/>Brida comes back, but unfortunately her story line went down the plug hole after the loss of Ragnor. Brida goes from a character you once liked to one you wish would be killed off as her logic and loyalty makes no sense. Still no update on Mildrith and what happened to her. Some good new characters to be introduced were Uhtreds loyal fellow warriors (Finan, Sihtric, Osferth), Eadith and trouble maker Haesten.<br/><br/>Uhtred continues to be screwed over by Kings, noble people and for the first time his current love interest. They all swear trust and loyalty to him one day and the next day they dislike him again, i am not sure they can continue to recycle the same story line for much longer. Last season is horrible. What a bad choice to let it all be about this Skade. I always enjoyed it very much but now i quit after 2 episodes. It is only about cruelty, not about a good storyline. BIG fail! The three stars are for production value. The rest is all B-movie terrain with poor acting, caricature scripting and a complete disregard for history.<br/><br/>The Danes invaded and ruled over large parts of Britain over a period of more than 250 years. They were farmers and traders, artisans and craftsmen, and founded numerous towns and cities (e.g. everything in the UK ending in -by and -thorpe today). They were reported by English writers, otherwise much opposed to the invasion, as being excessively clean, bathing once a week and not once a year as was the custom in England at the time.<br/><br/>Yet, in 'The Last Kingdom', Christian Britain is portrayed as being representative of 'civilization', while the Danish Vikings are reduced to drooling, feeble-minded ogres that burn and rape whatever may be at hand, smear blood all over their faces and eat like cavemen.<br/><br/>What could have been a fascinating look at the - also brutal - world more than 1,000 years ago is reduced to satirical caricature, catering in particular to a nationalistically minded UK audience.<br/><br/>This symbolizes the rest of this show. The scripting and acting is on par with the historical accuracy: Shallow characters screaming "attack, attack" just for the hell of it, and, apart from a few decent supporting roles, acting about as realistic as Pinocchio wearing a horned helmet.<br/><br/>BBC, please. Don't take your cues from 1980s Hollywood, You are better than this. Its just crazy that footsoldiers wear better armor then lords and kings. Footsoldiers wear chainmail and kings and lords only dress leather with cloth underneath, thats just beyond stupid and not realistic. During the the middleages most soldiers would wear gambeson with chainmail underneath, yet no one is wearing gambeson. They show monks partaking battle with just a linen cloth its just stupid.
During a time frame of 4 season you'd think Utrhed would learn a lesson or two, but they keep portraying him as a dude with no ambition and no goals in life, that gets boring fast. He keeps getting abused by kings, yet plays major roles in conquests leading men to victory yet has nothing to show for it. By the end of season 4 he still holds no lands, no castle, has no wife, just nothing.
Sure he claims he is only in it for peace, but with that same logic he could have at any point claimed a castle and stopped partaking in useless battles.<br/><br/>all in all dont bother with this crap. If it wasn't for the uncharismatic and unlikable protagonist with his constant HORRIBLE accent this series would be an easy 8 or 9 out of 10. Why on earth did they cast a German, raised in the United States as a protagonist is beyond me. Not very English. Not very Viking either. I felt that the strained fake accent and wooden acting of the protagonist were a real nuisance that held the entire series back. Call me a knitpicker but if I cannot care enough for a protagonist I cannot care enough for the series. Ok, I'll start by saying the show is quite entertaining and that the script is quite well written. It's a show you can't miss a moment of or you'll be lost , as there is always something happening.<br/><br/>With that said I'll admit I understand the times the show takes place in quite well; but, I find Uthred actually a rather unlikable and seemingly predictable character. His personality is actually rather offputting and I'm not sure if this is Dreymons true accent; but it seems rather forced in parts and even jarring; though not in a fun way. Also, Dreymon is a good actor ; but he doesn't quite seem to fill the role of Uthred at all, and would have been better suited to be in films like Kingsmen or The Gentlemen- not as a blood thirsty half Dane / Saxon warrior.<br/><br/>There isn't really a character on the show that differs from others. The Danes are all pretty cookie cutter, with even Brida being a good deal of the time a bit too much and again seeming overacted.<br/><br/>I love a nice complicated storyline and found that the names also being very close in sounds (Uthred, Guthred) made it at times a bit silly trying to figure out whom was being spoken of.<br/><br/>The show seems to have a repetitiveness to it in knowing that Uthred will always come out alive and ok somehow and that there will be one big battle in the last episode of each season. Also, the soundtrack was ok the first episode or two but hearing the same three songs repeated EVERY EPISODE made it feel lazily put together.<br/><br/>Overall it's worth a watch and at times quite entertaining - especially those battle scenes , very well done. But it certainly isn't a masterpiece. Some more character range , and better casting and soundtrack would VASTLY improve this series. I loved seasons 1-3. So I was excited when season 4 came out a week ago, and I binged (for me) by watching all ten in a week. Still good, but not as good as before. I feel like it's a different writer. Maybe they should have ended the franchise after season 3. I feel like they have nothing new to say and are only rehashing themes in order to milk the franchise. Lots of contrived situations in this season. Enjoy the show, but the music at the beginning and end is way too much. That is all. I need to write a minimum of 5 lines? That is interesting. I just wanted to say that the music at the beginning and especially the end is too much. I dislike it very much. I am almost at 5 lines. Please change the music. That is all I have to add at this time. Startet out like a really good serie. Im from Denmark and i like the way there was clearly some Danish accents and viking symbols. Great serie.<br/><br/>Season 2.
They start to wear so much makeup it looks like pirate of the caribbean? not warpaint just at crap of eyeliner? WHY<br/><br/>Season 2.
He suddenly start to get more accent and not anything that sounds like nordic... WHY<br/><br/>I think this almost always happens with great series. The very thing that makes them great in the beginning they remove and instead they put all kind of sh.. in instead.<br/><br/>Such a shame i thini. At the beginning, after watching Vikings I found this poorer as a production and image impact. Then I gave it a chance and it convinced me completely for the quality of the acting of all members of the cast, and of course the outstanding Alexander Dreymon. Also the intrigue is very well structured. I sincerely enjoyed it and I'm looking forward for a fourth season. Even if you're not a great fan of historical drama this is an outstanding series. The actors are fantastic and the characters are drawn true to life-- life in the 9th century, that is. Love, war, humor, ambition, heartbreak-- it's all here, without sentimentality and with the strange ambiance that comes from the past being a foreign country. Strong, ambitious female characters without larding on a bunch of PC nonsense. Best thing (along with the Expanse) to stream. We love it. Please have another season. The acting and storyline are excellently done. My whole family loves it. Amazing show!!! I see the show 3 times, so good. I will hope for at least six or seven seasons. A great series! Entertaining from the first episode to season 3. Based on historical facts and very fascinating. After every episode you want to look further 😊 Can't wait for season 4👍👍 I thought it couldn't get any better but season 3 was amazing. Enjoyed David Dawson's acting skills. English actors are truly great actors. I am a huge GOT fan (except the last season), but both The Witcher and The Last Kingdom really impressed me. Definitely give it a try and you will not regret it. Brilliant Talented Actors/ Actresses that make this show come to life.
Each Season keeps getting better it never disappoints!
Best TV series I have ever seen well done to the hardworking cast and crew.
Alex as Uhtred is amazing so much talent I was captivated with his speech about his king.. Alfred.
Waiting for season 4 so excited can't wait to see my favourites
Watch it don't miss this Treasure! Great series and no gratuitous sex and F-Bombs! Why can't more shows be made like this one so whole families can watch? Gdgdgdvdgdgdgdgdgdgdhdgdgdhdhdhdhshshdhdhshshsshsbsvevevdgdhydydhdgdhdgdgdgd Amazing tv show i love it it is my favorite tv show This is quite a good show, all things considered. It's not as good as first 2 seasons of "Vikings", although at the same time it is a bit more sensible, a bit less "overdone", more "muted". Unfortunatelly, there is one thing that bugs me greatly, and that is their costumes... Leather clothing is so ridiculously overused that they may just as well put horned helmets on their heads. Almost everyone dresses in leather at one point or another in this show, and since in reality leather clothes were extremely rare and impractical this makes it one big glaring mishap of this show... Well, that and some other completely unrealistic details, such as main character carrying his sword on his back. Things like that just makes it look like a cartoon and it gets difficult to take it seriously. Looking forward to more of this saga. Keeps the audience entertained, engaged, and waiting for the next twist of the story-line. Love it beginning to end. Very Strong story with great humor yet intense. I just love this series !!!! I hope there will be a season 4. This movie is the one that you can learn a history in England long time ago. A main character is a half of savage nation and catholic nation. This is about a battle between those people. So he was struggling with his position in both of those nations. This movie is exhilarating and exciting movie. Watch it! Simply put. I read the books, twice.
I must admit that both seasons 1 and 2 let me down and I watched them for the books sake. Season 3 though, whole different world. Astounding. Sublime. Magestic.
Although there are plenty of discrepancies between book/tv show, I believe most of it to have been accepted by mr. Cornwell. I understand that most of it is due to 2 books per season and I agree with the fast pacing, It keeps us wanting for more.
All in all, season three was a treat. As a reader, I fill some of the emptiness left by the show with my own readings, so I'm unable to give an unbiased opinion.
Netflix, if you hear me, is past time Uhtred got some bracelets and his WOLF HELMET!
cheers! This is such a great example of historical fiction directed by the ever so amazing BBC (which always makes quality shows in my opinion) and Netflix. This is the perfect example of a show that is medival themed but is not within the genre of fantasy so the fighting and scenes feel very realistic. This is like a documentary mixed with fiction and drama and it is SUPERBLY exectuted. The cast is perfect for their roles, youreally get attached to them during the course of 3 seasons. Not too much cgi to the point of ruining the storyline either which is amazing. You will binge the heck out of this show i garauntee it. Amazing! I absolutely loved watching this show- especially season 3! The pacing of the show is especially good. Each episode feels like it tells a complete story and the episodes rarely end with cliffhangers. I also really enjoyed the variety of characters and the way that each of them is portrayed as a real and complete person- flaws and all. Highly recommend this show to anyone looking for a historical action show. This show is one of the best I've ever seen! For me, it's much better then GOT and Vikings. It's so real and logical. Locations are ausom! History of every character is comlexe , with courage and weaknesses. They act like me or you. I didn't expect it to be like this. Even the music theme is great. But the cast and the acting is SUPERB. I found myself staying up through the night. This is superbly done. Brilliant. Love everything about this show. Great storytelling, great acting and wonderful scenery. I hope they will continue this show for a long time. This is my absolute favorite show right now. Excellent casting and writing. Uhtred has become a part of my life. That monologue in the season 3 finale gave me life! Lets get season 4 underway! I can't say enough good things about this show. The main actors are so likeable and the production is just fantastic. I was reluctant about "getting in" to this series but once I started I couldn't stop. To the producers, directors, actors and everyone in between -all I can say is Very Well Done! Thank you for the entertainment. This show is GREAT and it supports the novels, as well. There are tons of historical dramas but not all with the great acting and superb storytelling of The Last Kingdom. We need and appreciate the QUALITY of the storytelling and WE WANT MORE!!!<br/><br/>My favorite historical drama!!! It was really good. The storyline is not new, it is mostly about war and conquer, and yet it got me hooked. And I liked it! Also, Uthred!!! The character was full of charm and witt and the actor is very beautiful and had a charming accent! Hope to see season 4!!! Next to Game of Thrones this is the best series in decades! The best .....................
.........
...............
..........
......... I absolutely love the series, can't wait for season 4. Well written, executed and acted out! It will hook you if you enjoy a well written story and well developed characters. Actors are perfect in this film and it is extremely entertaining and addicting to watch!! We need more Last Kindgom Seasons and movies!!
Edit: on my 5th time and love it more. Since I've read all the books at least once I could pick at lots of plot things as others have done, but I won't. Get over yourselves people! It' a screenplay BASED on novels by Bernard Cornwell! Yes there are some differences but please don't let those spoil a really fun, exciting drama loosely based in possible history.
The casting is superb. Maybe Alexander Dreymon is better looking than I pictured Uhtred but he certainly captures the spirit of the character. David Dawson is outstanding as Alfred. He totally nails the part. The rest of the leading actors and actresses are spot on. In several cases they are more engaging than the characters in the books.
I gotta say, the only thing that does bother me is the form fitting leather clothing on "Uhtred" and some of the other leads as well as the designer haircuts. I get it, they gotta exploit the looks of the male leads. At least my wife appreciates it.
Yep, it's violent and often a bit "bawdy" . Maybe not for the little ones but in 872-1000 Englaland there weren't safe spaces to run to.
The Last Kingdom is fun, and exciting with enough historical basis to at least appreciate the struggles of the times. I've enjoyed 3 seasons and hope there is a 4th. Uhtred has so much more story to tell, I found this show on Netflix after the first season came out. I immediately fell in love with the characters as well as the storyline. A Saxon boy kidnapped by Danes who grows up to be caught in between both worlds. Neither truly accepting him no matter how hard he tries. Uhtred is a heroic but flawed character who tends to get himself in all sorts of trouble without eveb trying. This story has kings, priests, witches, warriors, slaves, and even baby monks. A big thanks to Netflix for saving such an amazing show. Each season just gets better and better. Season three had me desperately screaming for more!! I love this show. Watched all three seasons twice already!! This show has it all, drama, vengeance, emotion, violence, the pull between good and evii, even the occasional well placed humor. It is beautifully done and historically as close to accurate as you will find. Very high quality show. I am hooked!! Amazing adaptation of the critically acclaimed series by the master of historical fiction, Bernard Cornwall. Production quality, direction, screenplay, costumes, casting, performances and choreography are amazing. Nothing else available today is it's equal. Superb series, A mixture of historical fact with entertaining fiction, keeping you on the edge of your seat with exceptional actors. Read the books, watch the three series and simply enjoy the journey. Destiny Is All. I can't say enough good things about this show! I love love love it! The actors are all phenomenal! The characters make you feel like you really know them. The story is epic. It pulls you in and makes you binge watch a whole season in less than a week, even though you are trying to savor it. Every episode leaves you wanting more. Season 3 was seriously the best season yet and I sincerely hope Netflix will make a season 4! Very entertaining to watch. One of the greatest period peices ive ever watched. Truly love this show excellent cast amazing writing. Such an amazing show with great acting. This show easily is my top favorite and each season keeps getting better and better. I really look forward to season 4 next. I have been watching the show since the first season was available on Netflix, and have been a huge fan and following the show up to now that season 3 just have been released, I have to say the show is incredible, all the actors are great specially Alexander Dreymon, and the story line is so powerful and capturing and each season is better than the last.
I have to say that this show deserves mach more attention, I would say it is better that Viking in many ways (I am a fan of Vikings), V lost its magic after Ragnar left the show but TLK always replace the loss of a character with a better ones.
the Show is based on a series on books by Cornwell and we hope that the show continues its great work and we could see the rest of the story.
again, this show deserves much more attention and If you have not watched it yet, you will be surprise how great it is. A Brad Pitt sorta looking fella is kidnapped by Vikings as a child and spends the next years fighting his way through the innumerable wars and adventures required to unify the various kingdoms into England.
Our hero Uhtred collects an improbably good looking array of loves, friends and enemies as he ranges up and down the island. He is befriended and betrayed by all sorts; enslaved, freed, enriched, impoverished and barely has a moment of rest, poor chap.
The series borrows from history, Vikings and Game of Thrones in its arc and production values. While not quite as grand as GOT, it looks pretty good and keeps a cracking pace.
The make-up team go a little too hard on the eyeliner at times, but it manages to blend live action and cgi without looking too naff.
For my money, The Last Kingdom is a good evening filler. It's not 'change your life' tv but it's a solid, consistent watch. I'm a movie fan for 50 years this series is amazing love sets characters historic accuracy dont miss this one Recomend to anymore , its emotional, gritty , makes u mad at some points lol many twists and turns I already can see that this show will be big after some more seasons. Really good story. A really good start to a show and I hope that it will be one of the best Its one of the best series ever made. Picturisation is excellent. All characters play there role very well. Identity of Uhtred is the main question for this series this end. His heart and mind never worked for him. Alfred was too good in his political decisions. A war between Dane and Saxons and always won by saxons only due to clever tactics of Uhtred. I request the director and producer to release 4th season soon. I have enjoyed this series from the start, but season 2 was a bit of a yawner. This current season 3 was the absolute best and it hooked me so much that I binge watched over the Thanksgiving break. A couple of deaths that made me sad and one that had me clapping and "hooray"ing out lout...just terrific writing. Some great acting on this show but for me David Dawson and Ian Hart really stood out this season. Really hope to see a season 4! Actors awesome performances, awesome plot twists and turns, thrilling. Love the way they talk and their accents. I will be honest, I did not believe that show will be pickup after poor first season however second season was so much better and I just finished watching third season. All I can say third season was emotional roller coaster. I loved every minute of it. There so many things happening, not one episode was dragging its feet.<br/><br/>I cant wait for season 4. I want Mr. U to return what is rightfully his land in fourth season.<br/><br/>My wife believe that Last Kingdom is Vikings ripoff however I enjoy watching Mr.U story to unravel since season two and will continue doing so.<br/><br/>If you watching first season thinking "... what kind of garbage am I watching", just wait till second season and you will not regret that decision. Enjoyable series with a cast of thousands and lots of male eye candy. Fast moving. What I really love are the bits of humour interspersed throughout it so that it's not relentlessly grim and dark.<br/><br/>It gives you a really good sense of the fragility of the politics of the time. The series revive the founding myth of England, with the Viking and the Anglo-Saxon invaders fighting for hegemony, while the native Britons make an anecdotal and caricaturesque appearance.<br/><br/>In spite of the childish and unlikely nature of the ensemble (characters, script, dialogues, psychology, politics, battles, acting and all the rest), the show manages to remain quite entertaining. To avoid this review containing spoilers, I unfortunately can't cite the specifics (though assuredly numerous) instances of the descriptors below.<br/><br/>As a whole, the series comes across as a refreshingly modern take on a viking age story. Too often movies and shows categorized as "medieval" fall into an annoyingly predictable and shallow mold, and while this show does contain these elements, it also contains just enough real substance to be worth watching. <br/><br/>The show has lots of dynamic power struggles, yet keeps the narrative feeling more or less real - a hard line to balance on. So I commend it for that. I also commend it for good cinematography and set design.<br/><br/>The biggest complaint I have is how inconsistent the characters are. Making your characters motivations deeper and more complicated than a simple "hero type" typical of the "medieval genre" is a very enticing quality, and this show makes an attempt at it. However, while it sometimes shines through, this attempt at depth repeatedly falls short, and in the most annoying ways. A character might show deep devotion to a king - a devotion beyond monetary gain or devotion unto death, then the very next episode betray the king in order to profit or save his/her life. Either this is the result of a shallow understanding of depth, or else it is an offensive shortcut for more dynamism that the writers believe their audience is too dumb to notice. The other major offense is that the tropes that the show DOES adopt are of course the most blatant and annoying ones - "just in the nick of time" type artificial BS, that kind of stuff.<br/><br/>I could nitpick on other details that bothered me (like in-accurate costumes etc) but ultimately these come down to preference. Nitpicking didn't subtract from my rating. <br/><br/>I chose an 8 (instead of a 9 or 10 that the show could have landed had it not made these mistakes) because the offenses are repeated over and over, and are highly visible/key to the story. I can forgive an inconsistency here and there in the name of bigger picture story telling, but when the story really becomes about characters randomly doing things contrary to who they've been presented as, that is egregious. Though, the show is still enjoyable as a whole, so I cant justify anything below a 8 either.<br/><br/>Ultimately, if you're looking for a medieval show tangentially like game of thrones and don't mind inaccuracies and inconsistent characters, this show is for you. It's not nearly as good as GoT, but lets say if you liked season 5 and 7 of GoT you'll be happy with this show. This is a rags to riches story about a viking lucky enough to have English lineage. He gets to plunder and kick some serious butt. It's full of hand-to-hand combat, awesome military sieges and the politics of the middle ages. If you like fantasy at all, I really think you'll get quite a lot out of this show. This is an awesome fictionalized version of History. Bravo to another successful book to TV series in the vein of Game of Thrones. It's a brilliant companion for the passionate medieval history, medi-fiction and medi-fantasy lovers! I adore these characters and each individual story line in the Saga is gripping! The book to screen adaptation, production value, acting and direction is superb! I can't get enough of Uhtred son of Uhtred!! I wish there were more than a mere 8 episodes per season. It must be fun for the people of England to see what would have been many of their towns and homes once probably looked like. Each episode inspires the passion and rage within me! I have but ONE criticism; in the 2nd season clearly there was a shift or change in the makeup department and it has been a challenge to not be distracted by the sheer stupidity of the makeup artist(s) to put hoards of makeup on many of the characters. For some reason, some are natural as was the way in ancient times when women did not have Rimmel. Sure, Egyptians were known to use black around the eyes and Pagans were known to apply war makeup and get tattoo's, but why in the world would Uhtred suddenly start wearing heavy eye liner in the 2nd season; AFTER he was Uhtred of Bebbenburg more often than Uhtred Ragnarson? Why did Alfred's queen start wearing heavy rouge? Why were several women wearing heavy mascara and liner, etc? I really get frustrated at poor production choices when everything else is perfect and the magic of film making that coincides with reality is working and then something like this makeup crap breaks the intensity! That's when you realize how makeup is also a valuable continuity factor! Anyway, it was distracting and a poor directing decision; fortunately it did not completely ruin the entertainment experience with Uhtred the way it did did for me along with a number of other lame things in the heinous show, Reign! Oh yes, the show that the actor who plays the character Athelred was in. (bleh) In any case, I sincerely Can't WAIT for SEASON 3 of The Last Kingdom!!! May 30, 2017 This show is fantastic, great cast, brilliant acting and plot, based on historical fiction series of books from Bernard Cornwell called the Saxon Stories. It recounts the time in 900AD when England was divided into multiple kingdoms. <br/><br/>The main character Uhtred is born a Saxon but raised as a Dane, and it tells the story of the unification of all kingdoms into what we now know as England from his personal account. He is a warrior who is conflicted about his allegiance between fighting for King Alfred and his Danish upbringing. This show shows the nitty gritty of life back then, no magic dragons or far fetched plots. <br/><br/>For booklovers of the series, this show is covering 2 books per season. While there has been some changes to some characters and plots, they have portrayed the story brilliantly and the changes made it more interesting to watch. The characters are brilliant still, the filming is amazing. It moves pretty fast and has great battle scenes, it all about relationships, war, and friendship. It is a great show overall and definitely bingeworthy! Terrific entertainment. Gritty ninth century setting. Muddy, dreary and moody. The Middle Ages have never had a depiction on screen as rich as this.<br/><br/>The characters are quite three dimensional. None are particularly evil, and none are actually fully good. Yet it has wonderful villains like Ubba. I enjoy the realistic religious vigor of the people - very accurate for a pre-scientific age. Everything was God's doing. I like how the series isn't afraid to kill off major characters. The cast is entirely different in season 2 than it was in the middle of season 1.<br/><br/>I enjoy the details of the series. The little moments, the way these early people ate, washed, relaxed, prayed is all there. There is adventure and intrigue. Smart strategy on the part of Alfred who reminds me of Octavian in the HBO series Rome. Not a warrior, but a helluva tactician and cold blooded in pursuit of maintaining the law.<br/><br/>The cast is excellent. Interesting faces you can't look away from. Top to bottom, this is a master class... totally convincing in their characters.<br/><br/>There are lots of flaws with this show, however. Uhtred is a bit of a bore. His weakness is his over-amplified pride and stubborness but that's it. He's like James Bond bedding women. He's portrayed as completely invincible in battle - able to take on 10 men in full Bruce Lee style. (They all wait their turn for getting killed.) And most of his trouble comes from his bogus illogical belief system. He's a dumb jock and has survived by sheer luck a dozen times because help arrives at the last moment or a lucky turn of events occurs is is utterly realistic.<br/><br/>I think they continuously retread the same plots over and over. Capture. Preparing for battle. King doesn't trust Uhtred. Evil Danes with mascara and dirty faces talking about glory. Uhtred losing everything important to him. Trips on horseback. Over and over.<br/><br/>But the biggest snore in the series is the perpetual "I must take back what's mine in Bebbanburg" plot line. Get on with it! Ride a horse up there and kill your uncle. It's like Michael Weston in Burn Notice. Took him 8 seasons of endless complexity for him to finally erase his burn notice, set up in the first episode of the series. Uhtred never seems to be in a hurry to achieve his ultimate mission.<br/><br/>Overall, I watched episode after episode. Couldn't wait for the next one. Sad that I've watched all 16 episodes.<br/><br/>Also, word of warning. Watch with subtitles. The names of people and places can be tricky. Know what a fyrd is? A witan? You will, but only if you see the subtitles and can look things up in wikipedia! This series was interesting because of it's depiction of Christians acting violently and justifying themselves through Christian writings. Peace and peacemaking,is a central part of Christ's teaching. Jesus Christ in the New Testament,spoke mainly about how people should treat each other,but he did not give us guidance on how to deal with brutal invading savages who were intent on raping, beheading and using the weak and defenceless as human sacrifices to Odin. Unfortunately peaceful community based thinking can only be the downfall of a group that is faced with sociopath & psychopathic conquering behaviour.The violence directed at the Vikings was self defence, once the pagans realised that their opponents would not back down without a physical fight they had no choice but to give in.<br/><br/>Loving your enemies is a notion that looks good on paper, but does not seem to work out too well in practice.Love for your fellow man is very easy to practice when individuals have enough space & material resources, to live reasonably comfortably and 'the other' is fundamentally normal and not actively seeking to subjugate and/or kill you.These invading pagans were eventually defeated by the Christians and their powerful pagan leaders converted (the season ends with Guthrum being baptized a Christian) for shallow political reasons-so nothing to do with the working of the Holy Spirit. The Catholic Herald has railed against this series citing it's "contrast of pagan manliness and Christian hypocrisy", but I feel the depiction of both sides is even handed and probably historically accurate.The portrayal of King Alfred,(known as the Great King Alfred by history), contrasted his physical weakness with his strategic intelligence and strong religious faith. Coming directly from the last season of Game of Thrones I thought from the first episode that it was a series that I wouldn't 'get into' - but how wrong I was. Although the first episode seemed a little slow - remember I am coming from GOT that is so fast paced your head spins- but setting the scene in this first episode took you into the world of the Saxons and Danes and from then on I was hooked.This is a wonderful, gritty totally enthralling series and I just can't think how I missed it when it was first aired! Very keen now to see season 2 which I hear is currently filming for 2017 - and I am now reading the books. The characterizations are excellent - David Dawson is riveting as King Alfred and there are so many other wonderful performances - often with actors that I haven't seen before - which means they come without any preconditions on my part. Its brilliantly atmospheric with fantastic locations, costume, fight scenes- its the BBC at it's very best. As an avid carnosaur of TV and movies of all types, this was truly an unexpected surprise. Let it also be known that I don't write reviews often, but I feel this show deserves it.<br/><br/>Each episode left me wanting more. The writing and the pace was superb. The annoyances I had with the film were mainly how characters were treated each other and sometimes acted like children, but at the end everything comes full circle. You see the characters change and you feel like you've grown with them. The final battle gave me chills, which rarely happens. <br/><br/>The production quality isn't the best, which took a little getting used too, but in the end it aided the grittiness of the show. <br/><br/>The acting was good, but I would venture to say the characters aren't as likable as those from History channel's The Vikings. A problem with The Vikings is that there are a lot of filler episodes, which offsets the pace a lot. The Last Kingdom is the exact opposite of that.<br/><br/>If you are a history prude then you probably won't like this. But lets be clear about one thing. This isn't a documentary. This is an entertainment piece. And as such, to an individual like myself, the show stirs a historical intrigue that would otherwise have gone unnoticed. If you want people to appreciate history, it doesn't always have to come in the form of documentaries, text books, or wiki.<br/><br/>In closing, the only reason I gave the show a 10 was to curve the score of vulgar minority who passionately spend their days hating everything about life, including IMDb ratings. For me the show deserves a 8.9. I find myself at a bit of a loss. This series captured me like none have managed to before. Perhaps it was its historical context that goaded me. I had no idea that the UK had ever become so close to never existing! Im also a huge fan of Denmark! I was engrossed from the very first episode and could not wait to finish it. I was however a little disappointed that as the show progressed it became less and less about the original premise and more about the internal struggles of the king and Wessex. I thought the brother and sister, not to mention the war should not have been so easily sidelined for the majority of the last few episodes. Then at the very end its all wrapped up nicely? No family resolution or conflict that we get to witness? His sister is alive in the north? What a revelation! You spend so much time thinking about Abba and yet he is defeated so easily? Where is the revenge for his slain family? The one eyeed Dane? I am in love with this show and the acting has been superb, but the writers need to take a chill pill and sloooooow down a little so we have time to absorb a little more character development. Its all about reliability people! follow me on insta! @jsbfraser x It is collection of Game of Thrones, The Vikings and Brave Heart war strategy .<br/><br/>And not difficult to anyone to remember the original characters .<br/><br/>My advice to you, don't waste your time and skip this bad series. It was really compelling when Uhtred was a child.<br/><br/>That whole story was gripping and so well done. As soon as he appears as an adult, something was lost, almost immediately.<br/><br/>Killing off some of the most interesting characters, or, making some of the characters you always planned to kill off as the most interesting - set the next few episodes (and season?) up for failure. Immediatley the filming was flat and frustrating.<br/><br/>After 3 or 4 episodes it completely flatlined. I'm bored now. All in all, nothing there to c. even if you try to "watch it" without looking, it hurts. Less so, but its the only way to get through such a horrid display of acting and directing. Im not for burning copies of anything but all dvds, etc made of this utter cra* need a place during summer solstice. burn it all. I love movies and series from this period, but simply can't understand why this show is compared to Vikings and GoT in quality?
It is no where even close to the above mentioned shows.
After having watched almost season 1, I'm going to have to stop. The show is simply not captivating and the acting not gripping. It's more ennoying. I am guessing most of the 10 reviews are american.
Please remember that if you give it a 10 rating, it is perfect, with nothing to improve and this show is not that. GoT to me is as close to perfection as is possible and Vikings is up there, but this is not even close. This bbc-netflix serie has moments of brightness, but it's a bit dissapointing. In my opinion it gets the worst of both; BBC's dullness and netflix's shallowness. I'm gonna do a short list of the reasons i think this.
Positives:
1) Alfred, and a couple more characters that save the show.
2) BBC is usually very faithfull to history and facts. Though plenty of mistakes is still pretty accurate.
3) the plot is very entertaining. A half dane half saxon boy torn by loyalties lying on both shores, and betraying his other half every time he takes action, decides to support Alfred's cause against the people who raised him. 
Negatives:
1) The main character is very hard to like. How can i enjoy the serie when i think Uthred is a complete turd? (Yes, he likes calling other people turds constantly). Too arrogant, with that half smile cocky attitude all day long, making not-funny-at-all jokes. He is really annoying.
2) Bad acting. As there is Alfred, Sigfrid, and Hild, there is, on the other hand, many more bad acting-writing than good. Some dialoges and scenes are too forced.
3) political correctness is ruining everything. I won't spoil anything, but i'm sick of XXI century thinking in historic dramas. Women where beaten, they always stayed behind in silence, and tha was OK. Not believing in god didn't make you cool, they would kill you for that. I think that this is killing historical TV. Well produced shows fall into pieces because of this. Instead of having 9th century characters, we just have a bunch of normal people in costumes. I wonder if we'll have a black dude and the gay scene next season...
4) getting that actor from "Reign" (aka crappy gossip girl in carton castles) drives it even lower.
It's a real shame, i has wverything to be good but somehow ot manages not to be. Netflix doesn't find the way of making a good hostoric show yet (marco polo was a fiasco aswell). They'd better leave BBC on it's own doing what they know best. First of all: I haven't read the books, so this review is solely based on my watching the series on Netflix.<br/><br/>After the first episode I wasn't convinced. It all seemed amateurishly filmed, I didn't feel any sympathy for the characters and the story was told very rushed. I mean: Uthred's adoptive Danish family is living in peace when all of a sudden they are attacked and killed by this Kjartan fella after an incident that happened 5-6 years ago? Didn't fit.<br/><br/>It took a while before I felt like watching the second episode and after that I kept on watching. Nevertheless, the story still develops very fast. One shot you see Uthred and Brida decide to go to Wessex and in the next frame, they arrive at the gates of Winchester. In real time, that journey must have taken weeks if not months. Nothing interesting happened in between? These time-jumps annoyed me throughout the series, but I guess that's the sacrifice for keeping the story interesting.<br/><br/>Sadly, this also means that the character of Uthred is hard to get. I can't understand his attitude towards women. He's the only one who is constantly followed by women: Brida, Mildrith, Iseult... none of the other Saxons or Vikings seem to have life partners - apart from Alfred - and yet he treats them so badly. He's obviously more Danish than Saxon, yet he's desperate to help Alfred and betray the Vikings. He teams up with Skorpa against the Britts and will always choose Ragnar's side. The story goes so fast that I have trouble understanding his choices and motivations.<br/><br/>On the plus side: the actor (Alexander Dreymon) is gorgeous to look at and he tries his best in portraying this complicated character but still: if there would have been 3-4 more episodes in this first season, I would have warmed to him more and maybe understood him better. Now I didn't know whether he is a nobleman or an opportunist, a player or a husband, a good guy or a bad guy... Maybe this was the whole point, but if so: I don't think the series benefits from it.<br/><br/>The best characters are the Vikings. Ubba (Rune Temte) is just sensational as the giant Viking warlord! He's ruthless, cruel, fearless, brave and majestic all in one. You can't help but feel sympathy for this 'bad guy, I was sorry he was killed off. I really enjoyed watching him. Rune Temte did an impressive job, I'm a fan.<br/><br/>For me, the only interesting characters are actually the Danes: Ubba, Ragnar (the elder as well as the younger), Guthrum, Skorpa, even Brida. The Saxons are pale, frail and spineless men who are more interested in plotting, deceiving and conniving than in fighting. I liked Leofric for a while, until he betrayed Uthred. That came out of nowhere! Not so hard for me to sympathize with the manly muscular, primitive, tattooed Danes...<br/><br/>After episode 5, I have given up the need to 'understand' Uthred, to me he's an opportunist who only wants his birthright back - which is actually strange because as well in appearance as in mind to me he is a Dane. I can't understand his need to be lord of Bebbanburg. The Last Kingdom would have benefited of more episodes to unfold his story and motivations, because after all: he is the lead character.<br/><br/>Didn't care about the Saxons, didn't care about the women and felt no sympathy for father Beocca whatsoever: he's as pale and a coward as every other Saxon. He is supposed to be Uthred's friend at court, someone who saves him from death penalties etc... I think Uthred would have survived just fine without him, as well.<br/><br/>I kept watching because it's about an interesting period in history, and if you are interested in that as well: do see this series.<br/><br/>I would have loved it more if it were be more elaborate in story as well as in characters. Guess I'll have to read the books now. This definitely is the worst TV show I've ever watched - the most boring, predictable nonsense one could imagine. It is basically Vikings 2 (the cheapest possible version of it) but in this one the Danes are the pitifully weak ones.<br/><br/>The show doesn't have interesting characters nor a believable universe. The protagonist is an adventurer with a THICK plot armour which gets him out of every impossible situation without getting a single blow. The antagonists are pathetically weak and stupid and the way they always blow their advantage is an insult towards the viewer's intelligence. That thick plot armour that makes Uthred (the protagonist) invincible for no reason surprisingly makes also his allies, friends and all the "good" characters, in general, untouchable - we constantly witness how women and children with 0 fighting experience and no armour and sometimes even no weapons kill the allegedly battle hardened Danish warriors.<br/><br/>Also the show is full of pointless one-dimensional characters with no traits, no interesting qualities and one-line backgrounds, such as Osferth, Aldhelm and Eadith.<br/><br/>And there're no consequences for the "good" characters. NEVER. They get captured, they get sick, they get stabbed, they get cornered but never die or get injured. Basically the things happen just because the plot says so, the show has no real universe. They get hanged upside down and still run a marathon through the woods without a rest. Not to mention how they teleport from one distant location to another in no time or miraculously heal all the time.<br/><br/>The show is centered around Uthred - a cartoonish superhero who is the "best" just because the plot says so. He's in the show only to take place in the fighting scenes which, by the way, always make me cringe. Alfred (the Saxon king) takes his children, humiliates him, his wives get killed because of him etc. and yet... he keeps serving him and working for him and even becomes the babysitter of his grandson.<br/><br/>He keeps saying his second favourite line "I want to get Bebbanburg back" and goes back to being a servant boy for Alfred's family. In S04 his children are already teenagers which means at least 20-25 years have passed since E01 and guess what - he's still in Wessex/Mercia and keeps doing what he's best at - being the servant boy for Alfred's family and fighting against his fellow pagans in a war that holds nothing for him.<br/><br/>After Beocca's death our beloved superhero says "I will never fight again" and 20 minutes later wields his sword and goes back to Mercia to save the queen whom
the show wants to make us believe she's pretty (she's not). In this show characters' actions and what they say doesn't matter. You can skip all the dialogue and still not miss anything.<br/><br/>But what I really love about this show is the bottomless knowledge of Uthred about the Danes. After the death of his stepfather he spends years in the woods and surprisingly becomes the best warrior in the world and a Danish military tactics and strategies professor. And they keep overplaying the I-know-everythig-about-the-Danes card at every possible situation involving the Danes. A conflict with the Danes arises, Uthred say "I know the Danes" and all of a sudden Uthred outwits them 'cause the Danes start to act like idiots and give all the aces up their sleeve away. Fun, but what's with much of the costuming? Asymmetric collars, lots of pale blue linen? Weird coats. I mean, we actually have a pretty good idea of period clothing, and that ain't it. Also, there are some nice swords, but the hero sword is beyond awful. Hand and a half, curved pointed quillions, and a piece of amber for a pommel? Lots of bosoms and ale. Why does the main character sound like he's constantly bunged up? Maybe some olde English cold and flu tablets would be in order I understand the need to compress the literary title into a deliverable TV format but please half the excitement of the first book was discovering how he got his swords serpent breath and wasp sting through the blacksmith who saved hid life disappointed this was not included Dec apart from that how did untried not discover Alfred's sins as a child which sets his judgements of the future kind for the rest of the novels he's good but he isn't perfect an analogy for Christianity as a whole in the context of the books of course, the actors are good fighting scenes not so very leaving to the imagination more than Cornwall will tell you how it happens, can't wait for him to fight unbalanced by the sea, 3 1/2 out of 5 for me but I am an avid corn well fan Stupid Uthred always in same situation over and over again. Once you past season 2 it became so boring I just fast forward to last season, and still have the same storyline. Obvously these people is not so creative. This tv show is very bad, it is not interesting at all. I would better watch spongebob. SUDU KRUVA KAIP SAKOMA CIA YRA XDDDDD I love so much about this show. The setting, acting, most of the storyline. But when the main character shows himself late in the first season to be a jerk and a moron, it's tough to root for him going forward. I see here in season 2 it's kind of a joke that he's an idiot, but it just doesn't work. I get they are trying to make the main character a man who doesn't compromise, holds firm to his convictions and lack of belief in God, but it's just not a guy I want to win after abandoning his family and being downright cruel to people. When I'm not busy, I'm a huge binge-watcher. The Last Kingdom is the first series that I ever watched repeatedly. The acting, plots, settings, costumes and writing are superb. The passion demonstrated by the characters truly "sucks you in". The story is fine. But the woman screaming like an Indian is puzzling and makes my ears bleed. For the love of......someone, make her stop I'll keep it quick and simple. Having read the book(s), I was already hesitant to watch this, especially when I saw that a dark haired, goatee bearing gentleman, wearing a leather and fur outfit was portraying Uhtred of Bebbanburg. The Uhtred in the book and the Uhtred in this TV series reside in two different universes. The Uhtred described by Cornwell in his books compares very little to that of this Uhtred in the TV series. From his personality to actual physical description, there is no resemblance. 
Uhtred is not the only character they "polished" up for TV. Many of the characters they bring into the TV series resemble very little, if not at all, the books detailed, dark, and interesting characters.
Lastly, the pace of the show leaves out so much detail, its insulting. Some Harry Potter fans would love the movies to have been a TV series, so that you'd be able to fit so much more from the books to the screen with each season and multiple episodes. This show does the opposite, by having the entire first book as the first episode of the the TV series. You have the opportunity to add so much more, yet you take so much away. 
In conclusion, I'm not saying this is a bad show, my review is mostly a warning to those who have read the book(s). The vast differences in characters, plot design, and pace of the story might leave you disappointed. Exept of the maybe the storyline abd the batllescenes, this is rubbish...
If this is what UK can muster of actors, please sty with old lady murder series...
Weak acting, bad costumes and lousy main caracters...
I see some reviews having the balls to call this "the new Vikings series"..., and i wonder who paid them or did they see another version than me...?
This is as far from "Vikings" as you can get!<br/><br/>Giving 3 stars just to be kind...<br/><br/>Keep clear... This won't be the medieval show of the century, and it doesn't pretend to be, but it's a very decent, watchable one. Stories aren't the most subtle but you want to know what's going to happen, decors are well made, it's overall an above-average-production and though characters are a bit stereotyped the acting is not too bad... except for the hero.<br/><br/>This one is a stereotype of a stereotype. I think I haven't seen that kind of invincible cocky hero with an unflinching sense of honour and duty since the 80's. But that would still be alright if it wasn't for... his accent. Why did he start speaking like that, out of the blue, like someone who just picked up English and with a dramatic tone announcing judgement day with every syllable? It's unbearable. Watch the first two seasons. But even in those, and especially in the third season the non-historical plotting (SPOILERS) is a constant repetition of Uhtred offending the Christians, getting in trouble, and then either atoning or fleeing. Plus his new love interest in season 3 is an extremely unattractive, unappealing dirty-blonde whose recitation of lines is unintelligible. Oh, and a gigantic white horse is slaughtered for our entertainment. Buh-bye It is a good show. Not very original but still good One of the best shows ive ever seen.I think it is a bit underrated the fight scenes and story is amaaaaazing Loved season's 1,2 and 3. Amazing performances from the actors. Keeping my fingers crossed that Netflix will make a season 4🤞🏻 Wow!!!! I am genuinely sad that I have finished all three seasons after discovering TLK two weeks ago. Bravo to everyone involved. It's funny, gripping, beautiful, clever, exciting and compulsive viewing. Role on season 4!!!!! Like walking that there is a bad man and uhtret stop it and sav the england yeeey its.I still watching but 4th season be like this.I will not watch if you like sword , action,drama you should watch rome I am near end of Season 1. The shows do get better once you get to know the characters, however, I constantly have to fast forward or mute parts throughout all episodes because of the repetitive singing during all the shows. (The Vikings series has a pleasant, low key, unobtrusive song throughout.) My older daughter and I have become addicted to this show. I love the history (I teach European History at a high school), the story is deep and unpredictable (even if you know the history, there are twists and turns here), and the character development is fascinating. One roots for the main character, Uhtred, while still seeing his flaws (especially pride and poor judgment) clearly. Nothing is overdone. It is a rollicking great adventure story that really pulls you in.<br/><br/>My only criticisms are the nit-picky variety - I have a master's in Military History, so I know that the way they depict "shield wall" is nonsense (probably borrowed from "Vikings" which also gets it wrong), and so is the idea that the Saxons would not know how to do a shield wall until taught by a "Dane." The Danes have a habit of wearing a variety of unidentifiable furs, which is silly. Still, I highly recommend putting the few history-geek nitpicks aside and just enjoying the story. We're up through episode 6 of season 2, and I've yet to be disappointed. Uthred's story is not unlike Fenimore Cooper's Hawkeye; the white European, raised by a clan of Native American Mohicans.<br/><br/>Good entertainment but sometimes the dialog gets a bit too silly. <br/><br/>If one cares to pursue the history of the time, by all means, read the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicles". It was indeed a fractious time of shifting alliances, betrayal, and ruthless, unending violence as portrayed. <br/><br/>Lastly, there's a great related (post-Norman Invasion) documentary "Tales of Irish Castles" with Simon Delany: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5909184/ Each episode leaves you wanting the next. I am no Movie Critic but I have been bored by my fair share of shows. This epic adventure has a life of it's own and will be a cult classic well into the Future, being a Naval Combat Vet and a descendant of Dane's myself I find the action to be spell binding! The dreams of a long forgotten childhood brought to life in this Outstanding drama that takes you into distant past of England at it's troubled beginning. Thanks to Cast and Crew of an Excellent Adventure!! The Last Kingdom is the best Mini series. I could not stop watching from the very start of the seasons..every episode grips you into it. The actors do a phenomenal job at bringing these characters to life, they make you the viewer feel as though you are part of a character in the show, that you are not just watching from your own home you are living what the characters are going through. Every time I watch it I feel as though I am right there with Uhtred or in the hall with Alfred. Its that up close and personal. I have only personally encountered this feeling with 2 other shows in my lifetime so far. One was Kyle XY and the other was Chuck another Netflix show. I very much think the writing is the best I have ever seen in any Mini Series (It is kept fresh and realistic all the way through) The Cast are the best chosen for these roles and I love them very much. Like I said it makes you feel as though you are part of them. I personally am now on the edge of my seat hoping that there will be more seasons of this amazing rewarding show. Thank you for creating & producing this enchanting series. And to all the actors Thank you for creating a very realistic mini series and for allowing us to feel and experience such a passionate portrayal of the writers creative world. You have done an AMAZING JOB. I watched Vikings- But I realized that it was good, but slightly juvenile in script, and historically incorrect - but who cares about that, really? I can read a history book if I want to know the facts. I do love a good story. So this show, is heads above , Vikings. It's a more mature show, for adults. Who like a bit more of a complex story, complicated character arch's, and more realistic drama. I really enjoyed this show. No, not historically correct either . But it does try a lot harder to be correct and there is a lot that is absolutely correct here. But that isn't what makes the show great. The acting is superb the characters really here shine. The good ones are really great and the bad ones are so bad they can make you turn off the TV. Yes there is lots of pain, betrayal, and drama. A very meaty story line here. Enjoy this show. If you find the Vikings a little too young , try this on for size. Nothing is as good as Game of Thrones - I mean that show is just probably the best show ever on TV, it also has the luxury of being fantasy, nothing can compare to it.. this is definitely good enough to watch while you wait for the best show ever. Better than the Vikings, hands down, who really needs some better writers. Pity... brilliant novel but such a cheap and mediocre TV serie (from all points of view). The show just got worse and worse. I only managed to get through season 1. I hated the main character. He was a constant idiot or mary sue. He falls in love at first sight then treats the women like garbage. There is never the sense of an emotional connection. 
The saddest part of this whole series is that everyone, EVERY OTHER character was entertaining and worth watching. They are the only reason I stayed on until the end of season 1.
As for the sex scenes, they were wholly unnecessary. I'm not being prudish. Watch game of thrones and you will see that every sex scene isn't just there for cheese cake factor, but informs about the plot or a character. Taking away those scenes actually weakens the story. The scenes in this series added nothing to the plot or character, and if you removed them nothing in the scene would be changed.<br/><br/>Skip this. Awesome Series. Love it. Each season gets better and better. I hope the series comes back. Couldn't continue after 2 episodes. such bad acting and plot holes. utterly disappointed Do not understand the higher rating on IMDb. I have not read the books so have no thoughts about story line being followed.<br/><br/>The episode ,first,plodded along but more than that it was played out like the many docudramas offered up about historic periods with un- emotional dialogue. <br/><br/>Two actors names used to perhaps draw an audience in Mcffadyen, once he was King Arthur, and Hauer who has played period and fantasy. Both will expire in the first episode.<br/><br/>With Vikings already doing well. I have not seen that either, is there room for this. I suppose Game of thrones is to blame for this sort of story being played out on the silver screen.<br/><br/>This looks as though it is going to be a revenge story about a blinded in one eye for a perversion against a young man now favoured by a Danish clan who also happens to be a rightful heir to a kingdom. Even that has not whetted my continued interest. At least it is on Netflix. Who can watch EVERYTHING offered here? I enjoyed the series and progressively became more attached to the characters but I can't help and view it as a rather cheap version of game of thrones without the accompanying complexity of characters and originality of story. Two years between seasons? I give you a two star rate.<br/><br/>No excuse for this! A high production show like GOT can make it annual, why can't you?<br/><br/>For the record, I really liked this show, but it lost my interest with these huge gaps.<br/><br/>If it got cancelled, I wouldn't even notice. Lets start with one thing: for me Vikings is far superior tv-show in every possible way (acting, dialogues, characters, camera and so on). Watching it you could understand why vikings were dominating englishmen so much
The last Kingdom is not a bad one, but comparing it with Vikings is not doing it a justice. Considering everything, I can not understand why Kingdom has this high imdb rating, it is a solid show, interesting general plot, a bit of super-hero moments, a little bit of magic, and you have a nice casual show for everyone. Final note: Lets just say that this show doesn't have much of historical accuracy, and that is reasonable thing - this is not a documentary, it is fun tough Please<br/><br/>
I need this movie in hindi... Please dubbed in hindi... I want to apologise for my mistakes in english, it's not my language and it's my first review ever on IMdB.<br/><br/>I loved the Vikings but this, this I can't watch. I didn't want to write nothing but I was angry that this show has so many unrealistic 10/10 reviews, I had to write something. I don't know if it's just an BBC propaganda or english patriotism but this show doesn't deserve so high rates, because it is full of holes.
First of, a big big hole in a story, young boy has been taken by Vikings and from day one he speaks normally with the Danes without any obstacles, so are everybody else in this show later on, they all speak one and same language, the kings, the farmers, the Danes, the Northumbrians, Wessex people, everybody same language with same accent, with same sense of humor etc. How is this possible??
Secondly, all the characters in the show are one dimensional, without depth, boring, without character. Ubbe was the only true norseman, that could have rolled with The Vikings.
Uthred, the main character is so annoying and stupid, I can't watch him. Compared to Ragnar from Vikings, he has no charm, no character, no scares, he is an empty pretty dummy, he sleeps in the woods and tents, he fights constantly but some how he is always freshly shaven and has clean washed hair. And he jumps from horses up and down with his heavy sword in the back in "the Witcher" style...please, give me a break.
Boyish young Odda, who can barely hold the sword, is the leader of whole Wessex army and they all believe him to be a great general and war mastermind ??
They all jump from one place to another, like they are traveling with fast trains and not horses..
Another big thing that bothered me was the obvious computer special effects, like when on battlefield, there were 20-30 real actors and all the rest was obvious computer generated imagery of hundreds of warriors. Or that time when the english army is marching from woods towards Alfred, so obviously fake that I just couldn't continue with this show after season one. A big big disappointment for me. The writers are trying to hard to make Edward soumd and speak the exact same way as Aflred. We all know he is no Alfred.<br/><br/>Many of the good characters we invested in are mostly dead. Now it just feels like a slightly different show, I don't care for the new characters. The show died when Alfred died. Predictable revisionist history but it's not all bad. While the story just loops there are some bright spots Last kingdom Is nowhere near big-budget productions like Vikings and other recent medieval shows. It lacks any artistic perspective and visuals to back it. No actor can Carry the credability of hardened bloodthirsty Vikings. Costumes feels just tacked on modern day dudes, its B level at Most and not convincing like Vikings and GOT that can be mature. First episode is about a annoying boy who can't act at all, its laughable bad and the drama that follows is not very convincing. A few losers in the kingdom blabbering like old ladies while vikings knocking at their front door. And it gets worse. Its so boring and full of plotholes. It doesnt possess the gritty, feral, Dark and intriguing bits like other tvshows allready has. Fighting scenes are truly bad, no good erotic scenes either. You want this kingdom get burned down the more you watch it.
I just can't see where all the positive reviews comes from? the last kingdom is something you watch when you absolutely has nothing better to do. Its sub-par with any other random boring medieval show. You watch it and forget about it. Everyone comparing vikings to Uthred needs to pick up a book. If you think there is a comparison you are wrong; 2 very different stories, one false, the other yawn worthy.At least Cornwell is a historian who will back up his facts with a bibliography, that of which you f °king nerds SHOULD know the word, of a historical avenue. Meanwhile Vikings was a lame adaptation with a bored writer and even more bored director who lacked direction and integrity, sick of your stupid over analytical horses○it saying anything about viking and the rest of that regurgitated f○cking crap. Quit comparing and read some Cornwell then kill yourself. Arsehole Ive had this show on my watchlist for a while now and I finally got around to it recently. After only seeing the first season, my review so far is that its a decent show, but also not worth the hype. It feels more soapy then epic. The main character should have died so many times but thanks to plot armor never did. In my opinion seasons 1-4 of Vikings is damn near perfection as far as historical dramas go, this show has a lot of work to do if it even wants to be in that league. This serie is absolutely not accurate acording tot history. Ragnar was killed in a pit of snakes by a king of england, not nu getting set on fire. He also didn't have a son called young ragnar. The sons were called: Ubbe, Hitvjerk, Ivar (the boneless) and Björn. Also Uthred was always a lord, and that's not what the series is telling you. He brings on the majority of his own troubles. And by majority. 9/10 of his troubles are his own doing. His belief that he is superior gets old fast. I started watching this after Vikings, which have been perfect because you can compare good screenplay with this one. I believe the series lack dialogue and thought and therefore its hollow. I LOVE THIS SHOW... but I have to admit that season 3 is SO FAR OFF from the story line in the book series it was difficult not to judge against it. I watched seasons 1 & 2 (3times) which got me reading the 11 book series, they weren't exactly the same either but as a HUGE fan of the books some how it was tolerable in the first 2 seasons. But season 3 was WAY OFF from the books (5&6) like other than the main characters that was pretty much it so it took a lot away for me. But I LOVE Uthred & his merry band of men. I've also read the books twice & pretty sure I'll read again in a year or 2. If you haven't read the 11 book series & love the show I highly recommend, give them a try, their storylines are very different from the tv adaptation & of course much much more detail. The charachters jump from the page! It seems there are two genres mixed into one by two groups of writers. First one is trying to make lead character look as inconsistent and absurd as possible: motivations shift left to right, logic fails this man, he has no power or morals, but he is a beyond hero level fighter somehow. You will never know what he will do, because his actions have no meaning.<br/><br/>Second group of writers is trying to offset that mexican soap writing style and creates colourful and sympathetic characters that you root for. They have clear goals and motivations, they are likeable and you want them succeed.<br/><br/>Uhtred is the worst part of this show. And yes, King Alfred is sometimes written by the first group of morons as well. First of all, I can get that for someone who never read the books, this is a good show. But...<br/><br/>I am a huge fan of the book series. It's for me the top historical fiction action books I've ever read. When I learnt that it will turn into tv series I was so hyped... This is a very rare genre in order to seem, so expectations got born. Seeing the first season took for me almost a year, because of the so awful tv adaptation of the books. I wasn't expected to be as rich and populated as the books (because of the budget) but this is simply undescribable...<br/><br/>Characters missing completely, action scenes so below of the books action, battles of 20.000+ people been played by 10-11 people, extraordinary beauties played by the below average next door neighbors, time skipping e.t.c. They even tried to fit 2-3 books in a season. So large part of the story is missing that makes it, at least for me, totally unwatchable.<br/><br/>I think it's an insult to the great author Bernard Cornwell. At least an insult of his terrific work. Am I really the only one that thought this was mediocre acting? It ruins the whole show for me. Great plot and writing. But the acting is not the best. I'm certainly in the minority here judging by the love being heaped upon the show in these reviews. There was nothing enthralling about the first six episodes, which I struggled through before calling a halt. A lot of the acting was hammed up.
I don't have anything against the genre - I do enjoy Vikings (most of the time). I'm not comparing the two shows.
There was too much screentime wasted and not enough going on to make me stick with it. The sound track is HIDEOUS. Never in my life of being a movie buff have I been so tormented by a howling, screeching, wailing that is the sound track. The voice? The singing.......is there a bigger word than horrible?<br/><br/>The characters are great, they're Vikings.....come on, all that machismo. The stories are loosely based on history. The sets are great, the lighting, cinematogrpahy all wonderful, but that damn sound track.<br/><br/>I couldn't watch this without holding onto the remote, with my finger near the mute button. So, while I blame the sound people, it's mostly the fault of the producers. What were you thinking to ruin this wonderful series? I guess I could respond by steppng on a cats tail into a mike for you. This show has been great, but this new season I don't know if it took so long to air or what but I'm have trouble remembering where everybody fits in and the story line pertaining to them. ugh. You shouldn't have to re-watch all the other seasons to remember where the story is. Fail. Some context might be helpful:
I only watched through episode 6 of season 1, so if it gets better after that then great--however, I feel strongly enough about this program to refuse to continue watching it.<br/><br/>First, the good stuff: the time period is interesting, and there are some good actors that serve as a consolation to the acting found elsewhere on set. Contrary to the opinions of some other reviewers here, I quite liked the performance of Alfred by David Dawson. I also didn't mind Rune Temt as Ubba and Tobias Santelmann as Ragnar the Younger. I also liked the potential this show had for exploring the theme of national identity.<br/><br/>The biggest problem for me is the protagonist, who I find utterly insufferable. It's fine that he's a monster, but there has to be some plausibility in his ridiculous decision-making. Each episode presents a contradictory set of actions that do not follow from Uthred's stated desires. He will say and behave in one way but then follow it up with actions that are thoroughly contradictory. Yes, he's a 9th-century pagan warrior so he's going to make some dumb decisions from our 21st-century perspective, but the way he implausibly contradicts himself and his stated values makes his character hard to believe and care about. It detracts from his humanity and makes his personality fragmented; this may appeal to some but it was just unsettling and annoying to me. The last straw for me were his actions at the end of episode 5 and the beginning of episode 6.<br/><br/>The above paragraph was about his script, but now let's talk about the actor. Alexander Dreymon is German-American playing a Danish-Saxon. That doesn't mean he can't pull off the role, but it does explain his ridiculous accent, a cross between German and Scouse. His appearance in clothing 1,100+ years too advanced for traditional Northumbrian fashion didn't help either; what were the costume designers thinking?<br/><br/>My last point relates to a gripe I have with most period pieces, and I usually overlook it: historical inaccuracy. Other reviewers have touched on the basic historical inaccuracies regarding the battles and historical relationships between the real people behind these names, so I will look at one aspect that has been thus far neglected: the portrayal of Christianity.<br/><br/>Okay, fine, the BBC often gets this wrong and I don't blame them since I know where they are coming from; theologians don't often produce movies or write scripts for the film industry. That being said, I would have appreciated more effort on the production team's part to give a more balanced perspective of the 9th-century Saxon Christian church.<br/><br/>It's hilarious to me how people think that if the Pagans ask basic questions, one of the world's largest religions will just fall apart, as if centuries of bishops and priests who had spent their entire lives in the faith had never pondered these questions. There were well-articulated answers long before the 9th-century, such as those found in the commentaries of the early church fathers; it is almost certain that the real 9th-century priests would have had some form of exposure to the apologetics of their predecessors in the faith. Therefore, why do all the Saxon priests have to have profound ignorance toward a tradition to which they devote their lives? Some of them did, but it is ridiculously short-sighted to think they were all ignorant buffoons. It's only fair to represent a belief system properly in its context, in just the same way others of different beliefs would be disappointed to see their views inaccurately represented in their respective contexts. Put some effort into this for once, please. I am sorry but having appropriate character state wikipedia lines does not constitute art. This might serve some historical nerds who want sequential events to happen accurately detached from human emotion but that's about it. When it comes to the art of showing and not telling this show falls flat on its face. This is very sad because there is a beautiful use of art with low budget cgi and sets that is extremely poorly served by the characters and writing. Many people on this show insult vikings. While in a historical case you may be right, in a writing sense it fails. <br/><br/>This is the most visually artful Wikipedia article ever read. Based on season 1. Low budget.
2. Poor character development
3. Limited locations, limited cast, not possible to take it seriously, poor acting, cliched deaths.
4. Stupid choices by characters
5. Big mouth coward protagonist.<br/><br/>It is deplorable in quality. Can watch for a change from high intensity high quality shows. I read reviews that is like vikings. Noway its a nice series but not compare to vikings. Not a single battle in one season .Yu can watch if yu like this kind. The kings sons goes to watch the boats and then starts yelling that them, makes zero sense. Its good but does switch from place to place quickly... the intrigue is good but like Vikings when Roache and Ragnor left as with Alfred you've got a void to fill
I felt Vikings found cover but Last Kingdom suffers in season 4 with actors not quite upto scratch.
Young Edward is poor and his mother is pure irritation.
The Danes - sad to see ragnor go but Cnut and Heston are awful actors
It's good but couldve been more Season 1 and 2 was okay with some drama and god acting . Now it is just violence on violence. Season 4 is junk This is an excellent show. But I can't have a clear idea of the characters. I watched Vikings also. But the characters like Ragnar, Rollo, Bjorn,sigurd, Ivar,ubbe, they're all a family in Vikings. Where as they appear to be as enemies in this series. And the king of Wessex is ecbert but in this series it is Alfred. Most of the characters are completely different between these two series. It's most confusing. I don't which is real and which is not. But coming to this series it's most entertaining and superb. But at last I would like to have clarity in this issue It's pretty darn good but I'd say 8.5 out of 10 at best I guess. Uhtred is cool but pretty much has plot armor I guess. Sometimes I wish there were more magical elements like in Vikings. It's a good show though and is captivating dont get me wrong. Definitely worth a watch that's for sure. Seeing her on screen feels that some turd has written her character or she's really bad at acting. Every time I see her on screen I feel irritated.
she's playing an important role in the show, in which she completely failed. Sorry but she's pulling the show down, writers must kill her character ASAP. I don't know if it's me or my tv but season 4 of this show seems to have some seriously loud background music, to the point that I have trouble hearing the characters talk to each other. This Serie is really one of the best I've ever seen. Having read all the books I was really happy to see that the TV show was made, but I was also afraid that it could be a total failure.
So far I have never been disappointed by the serie and I truly hope it will continue on with more seasons! TV series don't get any better than this. Sure, there are some character interactions that defy what you'd expect (for loyalty to be rewarded and evil to be recognized and vanquished swiftly), but still, it keeps you watching to see whether or not justice is ultimately achieved. The plot moves along at a good pace, so you'll never be bored... even for a moment. I initially give it a nine, but prior to submitting changed to a 10. There is plenty of history to fuel a few more seasons... looking forward to more, definitely!! Found this by chance. Massive fans of Vikings and anticipated this would be a poor-man's version. Hooked from episode 1. The acting is so authentic, the story-lines throughout gripping - it's so hard not to binge all at once - we just want more and more! Brilliant. Truly. 01/03/2020 The landscapes and period sets used in this series are flawless (a feast for knowledgeable eyes that love historic architecture and artifacts from the period). Brief location bio/ref: Wiki - The series is filmed primarily in Hungary, with most scenes at the eight acres near Budapest owned by Korda Studios with its Medieval Village Set and surrounding mountains, forests and lakes. Bon Appetit'<br/><br/>05/25/2020
ADDENDUM: Apparently season 5 has not yet been publicized nor decided due to the pandemic restrictions, but the tentative date for release stated on line is around October 2021 at best. Let's hope that it's forthcoming? An excellent series so far, "All Four Seasons". Not a huge fan of vikings, which I find repetitive and shallow, but this one definitely has potential if it gets rid of the deadwood it's picked up in the last couple seasons. Great lines from Uthred and co make it quotable and the action is not overdone. Let's hope it stays at a high level. I really enjoyed watching this show but of course its not as big project as Vikings or GoT. Scenerio is good, but predictible and simple. It is really so simple sometimes you feel like something is wrong. But in the end show is good and it makes you eager to watch.<br/><br/>But when it comes to second season it becomes better. I personally liked the first season but it was just 'meh'. Second season was awesome. First of all, let me note that I find the soundtrack horrible. It's one of the worst I've ever heard. Especially the distorted screaming that can be heard at the opening credits, it's almost cartoonish. The direction is slightly better, but nothing unforgettable. It's funny when the director indulges in period-drama cliche shots only to execute them with sub-par quality. Quite often while watching the show you get the impression that takes could have been done better, or that things must have been "hurried". The acting is sometimes decent, I liked old lord Oda a lot, Father Beocca, Iseult too, but most characters are just bearable. Same goes for Uthred, the feeling of dislike doesn't go away after the initial encounter, but persists at least all the way to season 2 (so far I've only watched s01).<br/><br/>I won't go into the historical accuracy in the depiction of medieval England, others have done so quite thoroughly and revealed some inaccuracies (just google "the history pendants' guide to the last kingdom", for example, but beware of spoilers).<br/><br/>Overall, it takes a lot of effort to watch, with minimal reward.<br/><br/>Edit: Did I mention that I hate the soundtrack? In season 2 it remains the greatest distraction in the show, the constant reminder that inhibits immersion.<br/><br/>Edit2: The acting, direction and the show as a whole improves as we enter the second season (plus the main characters indeed have a tendency to "grow" on you). I have thus decided to increase the rating from a 5 (season 1 standards) to a 7.<br/><br/>Edit 3: Seasons 2 and 3 make for a far better experience than season 1. I've given the series an 8, and really hope to see a 4th season. Everything seems drastically improved by the time we reach the 3d season. Overall, I think it is worth it, even if it takes the whole 1st season to reach a point where you begin to appreciate the show. I don't know why but the show is quite enjoyable, despite this it has many flaws.
Major ones are: some poor writing, which makes the story predictable, or at least one you finished season one, remember season 2 and 3 follow the same scheme, so you'll always understand way before how something is going to end or who's gonna die.
My major disappointment are the characters, they do not develop during the seasons, just try and watch s01e01 and s03e10 you'll se how characters never change a bit the way they think or behave. Uthred the main character has the personality of a rock, or even better is just like season 8 Jon snow.
Still, if you like history watch it, if like me you loved Vikings than watch it, it will fill the void left by the waiting of Vikings last season Good series but makes the same mistake as all the other series. It kills meaningful characters just for the sake of killing. If you kill the meaningful characters just have someone to fill that gap that the previous character left. Attention grabbing
historically accurate
true to time Season three of The Last Kingdom loses a bit of the luster that the first two seasons had, but it's still a great show to watch that takes a more realistic approach to the tales of legendary Danes. This series could be the best medievil series i have seen. But it is not. The good things are the combat, best medieval combat i have seen in series, the scenery, some aspects of the protagonist s character and the music. Those are the things i enjoyed. This series will make you frustrated. You will hate christianity much more than you are now. It is like the writter wants you to. You will devalue the character, each episode more. And after you have sick of the integrity of character in words while in actions he is the exact opposite, you finish season 2 and you will see that there no moments of justice, while they were within reach and corresponding with the protagonist s character. This is a series i watched for the theme. Too much drama without atonement. For me it got too frustrating. There is no Justice in modern, promising series. Only drama. Do you wanna feel sad? Watch it.
70% sadness, 30% joy (if you like the theme). The character Skade is unnecessary to the story, and the actress portraying her is a poor actor with a very unpleasant face. Fantastic!!! For me the Last Kingdom is on a par with Game of Thrones, except more realistic as there are many historical facts!!!!
I've had some late nights binge watching this as it was so hard to turn off the TV at the end of each episode.
Gutted to have reached the end of season 3, there needs to be a season 4!!
Uhtred <3 Acting is well done by all
Scenery and costumes are great
Historical aspects are edifying I am a huge fan of game of thrones. But this series is truly wonderful. Utred is my new hero. I cannot wait for season 4 I loved the series as it stays close to historical facts and a realistic depiction of 9th century pre-England England. Not that I've been to the 9th century recently but the production company makes sure the costumes, make-up and sets look legit and I certainly appreciate it. The only thing that kind of disappointed me was the choice of actor for the main character of Uhtred. Sure he's a good looking guy but I often felt he lacked the charisma his role demanded. All other actors were great as is the series as a whole. Thoroughly enjoyed it. This is one of the best shows on Netflix I love the history it's based on
The acting is superb I could watch it over and over
Alexander Dreymon is the new Jon snow My husband and I love this series, we've watched season 1 and 2 over and over again, and now we get to add season 3.<br/><br/>The actors are amazing, and elicit either love or hate that is a credit to their acting.<br/><br/>The filming is beautiful and engaging, making us want to travel to these places.<br/><br/>We hope that Netflix will film season 4, we are watching for news of that! This is by far one of the best series I have ever watched. I can't wait for season 4. A must watch. The best historical show ever. Loved every minute of it. Great job Netflix. I like this show because it is different then others. It has great action and good storylines. .... finely recreated/written/acted epic ... a world class lesson of historic events .... This is by far one of the best shows I have seen! I watched three seasons in two days which means 1.) I have WAY to much time on my hands and 2.) I could not stop watching!!
I would have watched 12 seasons had they had them. The actor who portrayed Uthred is one of the best actors I've seen in quite sometime. He was very enjoyable to watch!
If you're into shows about Vikings, Kings/Queens I highly recommend this!!<br/><br/>I cannot wait for season 4 and 5 and more if they make them! Really good show from start to finish,
Enjoyed every minute of it. What an amazing series. Must watch for anyone that enjoys this genre. With a host of terrible historical dramas, this is a show that really stands out. It's hard to do a show that accurately and impartially portrays two rival cultures in history, whilst still maintaining compelling characters and an intense plot. Unlike certain other shows it doesn't try to mould history to fit the moral tastes of a modern audience, nor are the villains too obviously evil or the heroes too unambiguously good. This show ticks a lot of boxes for me, even a few I didn't know I cared about. Definitely one to add to the list Absolutely love this show and so hope Netflix picks it up for Season 3!!!!!!! I don't think I could ever get tired of watching this show!!!!!!! This show is full of fight scenes and keeps you on the edge of your seat. I've never wanted to binge watch a show before but this is one I could watch over and over and over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The writing for this show is fantastic!!!!!!!!!! This is a good show that potentially could be better, however what so many TV shows seems to lack is new faces. I suggest, from having watched most of his movies that you bring one of the CSI supporting cast Tino Struckmann with you on this new endeavor and give him a bigger part. we need new faces just like his. he can act and does not look like all the other boring actors and he have chops. I know most series casting or execs do not read reviews but as a fan and somebody in the industry I wanted to open the door for new talent deserving of your attention. A veteran who does his own stunts, knows hos to hold a gun, he started on E-ring and lead a bunch of Indie movies but it is time he gets a break. He became known for his book on women's safety and have his heart in the right place.