I was really surprised by this anime. I wasn't expecting much from it, but its funny and surprisingly smart. With five episodes left, unless they just completely drop the ball, this is easily is one of my favorites of this season.<br/><br/>So, whats it about? The anime is about a brother and sister, Sora and Shiro, who are NEETs and experts at games. I mean they are literally the best in the world. The get transported to another world where games are how everything gets done. No war, murder, crimes, just games. Naturally they fit right in.<br/><br/>What makes this show great is the characters. The main duo is great. They are awkward but also extremely cocky. The princess Steph is also great and its funny how the brother and sister treat her. The show has a great sense of humor and I find myself laughing pretty hard quite often.<br/><br/>I said it was smart. Yeah, when they play games, you can really see the gears in their heads turning, trying to figure out how to beat opponents that should be superior to them. It never feels like a dues ex machina is what finishes the game. You really feel like the are extremely smart and cunning.<br/><br/>At first, I wasn't digging the designs, but really quickly I warmed up to it. The style feels like fantasy meets Las Vegas, which makes sense, considering the world is based on gambling. So yeah, I really like it. The girls are also very cute and the reaction faces are great. The OP and ED are very good as well. The presentation is great.<br/><br/>I guess its worth mentioning that it has a decent amount of fanservice. If you don't like fanservice, I personally don't think it will be too distracting... but I'm not the best judge of that. Just try to look past it if you think it might bother you.<br/><br/>All in all, I really like this anime and its one of the better ones this season. Check it out!<br/><br/>EDIT: Follow up after seeing episode twelve. While I will still leave the score the same because my enjoyment for it never waiver, I will admit that at times it falls victim to the Gambitroulette trope. That is, it almost a bit too incredible what they can pull off. Doesn't change much though, I still really liked it. No Game No Life is a Japanese light novel series by Yuu Kamiya. It is published under the MF Bunko J imprint with nine novels released between April 25, 2012, and August 25, 2016. The author and his wife, Mashiro Hiiragi, adapted the novels into a manga series for Monthly Comic Alive in 2013. Later that year, an anime adaptation of No Game No Life by Madhouse was announced. It premiered on AT-X between April and July 2014, and was simulcast outside Japan by Crunchyroll. An anime film adaptation of the sixth volume, No Game, No Life Zero, premiered on July 15, 2017.<br/><br/>The anime tells a story of the two genius gamers, who are also siblings, Sora and Shiro. They also refer to themselves as the undefeatable blank. (They never put down their nicknames, thus the blank). Sora and Shiro are both good at specific game genres, for example Shiro is good at table and shooting games, when her brother is good at strategy games and dating sims. One day, a young boy named Teto appears before them, claiming to be the "God" of another dimension, where Sora and Shiro are summoned to. In the world both siblings are summoned to, violence is not allowed and forbidden by the God. Whenever a dispute may appear: be it a small one, or a business of an entire country, it is to be solved by a game. In this world, Shiro and Sora are crowned and become the rulers of the weakest nation called Imanity. Not only are they the weakest nation, but also they lost most of their territories to other nations. Will Shiro and Sora restore the previous glory of the humanity, or, perhaps, make the humanity even greater nation than before, or lose everything?<br/><br/>While the story-line might sound generic and boring, one might appreciate the fact that NGNL, as a fantasy-based anime, offers a pretty interesting world to the viewer never seen before: being nearly destroyed, the world of NGNL is reforged in a new version. Though, it might still seem peaceful, it still is a cruel world, where everything is decided by games: including one's freedom, or the future of the entire nation. Also, for those claiming that the world of NGNL looks too peaceful, make sure to watch the prequel, No Game No Life: Zero, as it will show you the difference in the world of NGNL after and before Teto. But enough with that introduction. All in all, even with some clichés the story-line has, it still has many things to offer never seen before.<br/><br/>Animation wise, characters do look like somewhat okeyish, even good, but when it comes to the background, this anime, just like any fantasy focused anime should be, is absolutely gorgeous. The amount of colors, the way they change-- this is something you should see with your very eyes. And do not get me wrong, character designs still look awesome, there are so many races, the way they look, their unique features. Long story short, as a fantasy anime, NGNL has some awesome animation.<br/><br/>No Game No Life focuses on 3 protagonists: the siblings, Sora and Shiro and Dola Stephanie. From the very first second, you get the idea of who Sora and Shiro are. The two are both geniuses in their specific spheres. Shiro is a genius in logic: she can solve any puzzle in a matter of seconds. Her brother, however, is a more a psychologist type of people, helping his little sis read people's intensions-- they together are the blank, a duo of genius gamers able to beat every game. They, however, also have negative sides of their characters': they hate crowds, they are not that good at making public speeches, and so on. Stephanie Dola is the granddaughter of the former king of the humanity. While she is not as ingenious as the duo, she still is a pretty smart lassie. She is there to show the viewer the gap between a genius and a normal person that is good at everything, but never perfect in anything. It does get annoying sometimes that she is only used for a comic relief, you will get used to it. Alas, only a small number of other nations is shown and for many characters the series should have shown and explained many more details, but it cannot be helped, since it has a few episodes; might be covered in a new TV season one day. With that being said, the cast of the series is not as brand new as the story-line, but it still is enjoyable.<br/><br/>Enjoyments wise, as mentioned before, you need to see both the movie, which serves as the prequel to the TV show, and the TV series to get a full understanding of what NGNL is about. It is not only about some comedy, with JoJo references and things, do see how this world looked before in the movie!<br/><br/>All in all, while not many things were new, the series still manages to deliver enjoyment by showing quite an interesting way to stop wars in its story-line, amazing animation, as well as the OST and voice-acting, but the main problem to be touched upon here is that the world of NGNL is too big to cover in only 1 TV season and a movie, thus many things should still be explained and shown. Nevertheless, it still is a great fantasy that is worth your while.<br/><br/>9/10. Some minor character spoilers occur, but no actual plot spoilers.<br/><br/>There's been a strange transition for anime in the last 10 years. Gone are the gritty movies that showcase violence, sex, philosophy, and push the envelope for standard movie conventions. Instead, series are now being pumped out an alarming rate that attempt to do these things at once, but never truly do.<br/><br/>No Game, No Life as a whole exemplifies this trend, magnified threefold. Not only does it not quite hit the hardcore market, it winks and nods at every turn to these fabled classic creations, and then makes it's own parodies about them. A meta of a meta, almost too meta for anyone to take seriously. Instead, we're left with a masterfully vibrant and colorful vehicle, completely saturated with fan service that may appeal to the 14-year old demographic, but quickly looses anybody who's past puberty.<br/><br/>The ensemble in this series is a cast of over characterized buxom women, constantly swooning around a single (virgin) male protagonist, making obnoxious anime facial gestures, and seemingly defying both gravity and genetics with skinny well endowed bodies that loose articles of clothing for almost no reason. Ironically, not a single nipple or pubic hair is shown in this series, despite just how much time is spent looking at panties under skirts and making drawn out jokes about breasts. A trope that is now beating the horse that was beating the horse to death. You'll see all the skin and shiny bosoms in the world, completely naked men and women, but without actual nudity anywhere. What's the most irritating part is just how much plot IS actually there, as well as the amount of time spent on explaining real-life math theory, physics, chemistry and even vocabulary in this series, through some drawn out exposition usually by the protagonists.<br/><br/>The two main protagonists in this series are a pair of nihilist (and possibly incestuous...) siblings Sora and Shiro, whose sole mission in life is to play games to the point of exhaustion and then explain to everyone around themselves how superior they are for knowing the inner workings of the formulas involved in said games. (Where they get the money to pay for rent is never made clear, but hey this is anime we don't need details!) For example, the 9 possible outcomes and random ratios involved in a two-person game of Rock, Paper, Scissors. This is fine the first time or two, but when it eats up an entire 22 minute episode and the same stunned look is on the opponents' faces every time, it gets dull. Like watching Goku continuously and inevitably beat every opponent he ever comes across, there's no potential for defeat, and therefor no REAL risk. AKA, boring.<br/><br/>The other members of the cast are a spectrum of female anime tropes who we've all seen over and over and over again; submissive, skinny, sexualized big-eyed nymphos seemingly destined to hover around a lucky know-it-all virgin male who spends all his time playing games. They may be pretty to look at, they may be fun to watch interact, but ultimately it's done. For example, an omnipotent angel-God woman in this series has a Library of Congress size volume of encyclopedia at her disposal, but doesn't know where the erogenous zones are for humans that have the EXACT same body parts in the exact same areas she does... What? Or, what an Ipad is... It's really just an excuse for fan service.<br/><br/>The back story in this series isn't clear until midway through, 16 types of humanoid tribes are fighting for ownership of a region based upon 10 laws played out into real-time games, all of which are governed over by an androgynous child being known as Tet. Violating these rules forfeits the battle with the violator losing, unless you aren't caught cheating. This is a theme the lead antagonist uses through-out the series, finding loopholes into situations where the rest of the denizens have no concept of what math is.<br/><br/>For all it's flaws and tried tropes, this series does break ground on something I've yet to see, just how freaking vibrant, colorful, and eloquently drawn a series can possibly be! This is a step in the right direction for series anime; this series is the sharpest I've ever seen. Gorgeous is a gross understatement. Every facet of every object has an infinite color gradient, with pinks, greens, violets, blues engorging every single frame. It is jaw dropping saturated with color, and the animation doesn't miss a beat. Having this series on mute playing in the background is just as impressive as listening to it's expositions. Sentai, MADBOX, and all the other firms associated with this franchise clearly brought out the big guns for this franchise. The animation is worth the rent alone.<br/><br/>But for all it's colors, and interesting anecdotal information, No Game, No Life just doesn't quite do what it sets out to do. If you're going to show naked women experimenting, show naked women. If you're going to put heroes into vulnerable life threatening situations, have some consequences! If you're going to have virgin men surrounded by overtly sexual concubines... You get what I'm saying. Quit beating around the bush, and actually push the envelope you're attempting to push. I have a feeling that the creators avoided too much detailed sexuality and nudity due to Shiro being an 11 year old girl, but the fact that she's completely naked in the series several times, they show gratuitous pantie shots of her, and the other characters interact with her in alarmingly uncomfortable instances totally voids this caution.<br/><br/>TL;DR, worth the rent for it's animation, probably not worth the cost ownership for the Blu-ray. The story is absolutely amazing and unique because conflict is resolved through games. There is some action which is presented greatly. If you like the concept of games and adventure and isekai ,then you would love the anime. The Mc is really smart and strategic. This is not a masterpiece because the character development is quite minor because Mc is overpowered from the start and first episode is hard to digest. This anime is a must watch because of the thrilling story and comedy. What a great show!! I can't wait for them to make the next season! No Game No Life is such a fun and extremely well thought out show, the concept is so basic and straight forward that you don't think it could be portrayed so well. If your looking for something amazing to just take you out of this world on a fun, funny, amazing journey then your going to love this show. The main characters are great, they're both shut-in genius's with great memorable personalities. The artwork & character design is amazing, this show gave me a real "Alice in Wonderland" feel. I felt completely immersed in this fantasy, colorful, amazing world from the first 5 minutes! and that feeling followed through all the way until the very last second of the show! The sound tracks for this show were awesome! Definitely some of the most epic soundtracks I've heard from any show.<br/><br/>5/5 Why Perfect? Cause i couldn't think of anything to lessen the value, It made me laugh, feel for the characters in such a short period of time, it was intelligent and caused me to think on a multitude of occasions. I really have high hopes for the continuation of this series, i'm sure anyone reading this will love it too!! I was the type of anime viewer who mostly watched shonen-series like Naruto, Bleach, DBZ, etc. Recently I've branched out and have begun trying out other genres. Boy did No Game No Life impress me. <br/><br/>The story revolves around a sibling pair, Sora and Shiro, who call themselves "Blank." Working together, they've never lost at any game thrown at them. One day, they're taken to a world that suits them perfectly: a world centered around the concept of games. <br/><br/>Whereas shonen animes define "epicness" as intense action sequences involving fantastic displays of power, this show gives the word another meaning entirely. Many of the games that the characters engage in are a battle of wits, requiring complete knowledge of the rules and demanding clever manipulation of their opponents. Often we find ourselves wondering HOW, rather than IF the protagonists will win, seeing as they are this fearsome pair. <br/><br/>I do wish that more attention was given to the younger sister, Shiro. She's supposed to complement her older brother, yet he often outshines her. Many times Sora is shown as the mastermind behind everything when we know that Shiro is every bit as talented as he is. Another point that needs to be addressed is the explanation component of games. The pace needs to be slowed at these points, or else audiences will feel enthralled merely because of the exciting soundtrack and a general epic sensation. We can only truly admire these prodigies by understanding exactly what feat it was they just pulled off, which is hard to do when explanations are whizzing by lightning-fast. <br/><br/>Other than that, the voice acting, art style, premise, soundtrack, humor, and much more all coalesce to form one gripping anime you can't get enough of. If you're looking for a lighthearted yet awe-inspiring anime, look no further. As a gambler myself, I really get into this series. The story is good. Animation is good, overall layout is good. I hope there will be 5 seasons.<br/><br/>I just wish they would hurry up and settle the legal problem very very soon, although I never get tjred of rewatching series 1. No game, No life has a rather weird description but It's really worth watching and has a huge potential! The story is about two siblings who are hardcore gamers and are known as the Blank players. Legend says that they have never been beaten in ANY game, Chess, Online football, online MMO, shooters nothing. One day they receive a mysterious email about If they ever felt that the world they lived in wasn't where they belonged. The siblings agreed and suddenly teleported into a new world where the God stated that their be no War no Violence and no theft and that everything had to be solved with a game, their are a total of 16 races and Humans are known to be the least powerful up till now perhaps? No game no Life is a comedy/action/adventure/intellectual anime. The drawing style is very modern and looks rather well, similar to SAO or perhaps strike blood. The storyline is to early to say but I have to admit that I have never loved characters of an anime so quickly and that I was laughing on the floor most of the episodes I watched I truly recommend trying it out yourself! Its refreshingly brilliant this anime is addicting ones you watch it you are hooked, not only is it funny ecci and brilliantly done but its also the plot is interesting the concept of a real fantasy world where almost everything is led by the 10 rules which one must follow at all times. how can we not want to watch this over and over. One disappointment is that there's no manga tho the manga is very outdated and they just release those novels That's definitely a bummer so lets all work together to get it back on the map who can contact the creator of this anime to get it back on the map it would help us get it alive Basically a sequel is a must! How can anybody, in the right mind, consider this to be any good? The two main characters, Sora and Shiro, parade Steph around like she is their dehumanized slave. They treat all of the other female main characters like trash. In one episode, they dress Steph like a dog and make her "dog for a day"; if anyone was to do this in real-life, he/she would be condemned as a sadomasochist - or worse! Considering that this anime is plagued with panty-shots, pornographic and perverted bath-tub scenes with the hentai-type tentacle thing that molests the girls while they are bathing (this is shown in a couple of the episodes), and the moe catgirl-type characters in the final battle with the Eastern Federation, I just did not see anything of redeeming value. There is no memorable or likable humor whatsoever in this schlock-fest of an anime. Only fanservice for fanboys to fap to. The only thing that I found even remotely interesting about this anime was that, in one of the episodes, they did a brief parody of "Castle in the Sky" when one of the protagonists made a reference about Laputa. Everything else was just pornographic, fan-service garbage suitable only for a complete loser. Please do yourself a favor and AVOID THIS ANIME LIKE THE PLAGUE! I must be the only one that did not think this show was very good. It started off mildy interesting the first 2 episodes, but quickly got a little boring. I thought I might relate to the show since I am a video gamer myself, but i was disappointed.<br/><br/>There are a few perverted jokes if you are into that but I dont think it makes up for the lack of depth. The artwork is nice and colorful. I fai to see how this is on the same level as Code Geass or Deathnote both of which I enjoyed alot. I never expected to see such an amazing anime in my entire life... I loved each episode, each character and each game this game presented.<br/><br/>I see a lot of people complain about Steph, but she is still a person, she doesn't need to be only stupid, Sora and Shiro is just smarter than her (actually way smarter, maybe 10x smarter).<br/><br/>Their goal is something I'm excited to see they can manage to do, if they can actually take on everyone or how hard it is to defeat them. I'm a bit sad about the ending, but I'm a huge fan of open endings, also the episodes and what it does in those episodes fixes the open ending, makes you even more excited for season 2! Otherwise I can't fully add in full sentences how much I love this anime, but I really want to see the movie (if it's real deal) and the season 2. It's really fun, amazing world-building, and funny characters! It's thrilling exciting, and so strange that it blows you away! There's a lot of strategy and wit put into it, and it shines in its own wacky and insane way! Thought this animes art was too blinding, the brother irritates me by acting like such a controlling freak of his little sister and the little sisters voice was just urgh so deafening!<br/><br/>Some of ya might think these are just pathetic excuses from me to not like the anime. However this is my personal opinion and if any of you like it, thats totally fine. I honestly did want to like it but it just didn't match up my own personal tastes! Small summary:
The story is about Sora and his sister Shiro who are two of the best videogamers in the world. They suddenly get invited to play a game of chess and they accept. As Shiro never lost a game of chess in her life she defeats the player. It turned out to be the god of games, who gives them an option to leave their current world to live it out in a fantasy world where everything runs on games. Even political problems get solved by playing games instead of using violence.<br/><br/>My opinion:
I really enjoyed watching this show. The story isn't that spectactular, but it's so funny to watch. Each episode made me laugh which made me want to watch more. Sadly they have canceled season 2. There is a slim possibility they will decide to make a second season, because the fanbase is pretty big and the movie did really good as well. I loved how many games are shown in this series, such as blackjack, poker face, etc. A world resolved by games!
And tone it down with the dislike of fan-service and disservice. I understand about Shiro despite her being 11 years of age, but come on, I've seen WORSE fan-service than this. The Akiba's trip show being a huge example of THAT. So... screw Akiba and props to this! Besides a nice twist on the typical "another world" genre it flirts with several others in entertaining ways. (Parody, Ecchi, "Forbidden Relationships, Harem, etc., all of this realized after I discovered a list of anime genre's).<br/><br/>It's worth a watch, especially as all new Dubbed Anime's due to the 2020 pandemic, however the lack of a confirmed season 2 is a bit frustrating Initially a simple plot, based on simple games and sibling genius, but over the course of the episodes becomes a bit more complex, involving salvation of the human race and competition between races for power. It's a great anime, it gets a little lost putting a bigger goal in script, but it's still a fun adventure to watch. Characters - I'm always a fan of shows where the main characters are geniuses and where the writers take the time to also flesh out their personalities and show their actions in a way that the audience can follow. Its way more satisfying than when a one-dimensional genius character does a thing offscreen and you're supposed to find it impressive. Sora and Shiro are very relatable and entertaining. Watching them solve puzzles and play games is just a lot of fun. The supporting cast members are also great, but the two leads are definitely my favorite. <br/><br/>Visuals - The actual animation is a lot more smooth and fluid than I was expecting for an anime. Usually in animes the characters are slowed down due to the expensive backgrounds, but for the most part the characters here are slickly animated. It looks pretty great. Aside from the literal animation, the visuals are fantastic. The character designs and settings are all fun and nice to look at. The most unique visual decision made was that there aren't black outlines around characters and objects. Instead - the outlines are red or blue. It really gives the world a distinct feel. <br/><br/>Audio - I watched this with the Japanese dub. The voice acting is pretty great, along with the music and sound design. <br/><br/>Overall I would highly recommend this show. Its interesting, clever, satisfying, and funny. The only thing wrong with it is that at the time of me writing this review there is only one season. Note: I have only watched the first episode and have no intention of watching further.<br/><br/>The biggest fault: From the description of the show, I was looking forward to another "battle of wits" type of series, such as the first half of Death Note. However, it's implied that the main characters here are simply talented at any kind of game, but the writing is not good enough to convey that to the viewer in a way that doesn't feel like we are simply taking their word for it. In fact, they cheated at only game where it's clear that they won, which gives the viewer a strong reason to believe they are simply good at cheating without getting caught. When I came prepared for a battle of wits, I could not be any more let down by watching people cheat their way to the top.<br/><br/>Other issues: The lead girl's voice is unbearably whiny and wheezy. The art is colored unnaturally, which was probably intentional for the artist's fake world, but the colors were almost sickening or blinding in some scenes. The people's features, like their hair, body proportions, and facial expressions are all noticeably unrealistic. The humor seems very juvenile, unoriginal, and out of place. This anime is very enjoyable and I loved it. The plot is simple and fun, I enjoyed the show very much. Eighteen year old Sora and his eleven year old step sister Shiro are hikikomori, total recluses, in the real world but when they play on line games together they are the unbeatable team known only as 'Blank'. They spend all their time on line until one day, after winning a game of chess, they find themselves drawn into the online world of Disboard. Here they learn that everything is decided by a game where the loser can't back out of any forfeit agreed beforehand and to be caught cheating means instant defeat. Sora is determined to win until he has defeated everybody there despite the fact that he and Sora are part of Imanity; the weakest of the races of Disworld. If they are to achieve their ultimate aim they will first need to rise to the top of Imanity then figure out how to turn the games so that it is possible for them to beat the stronger races such as the Elves and Warbeasts.<br/><br/>There have been a few series recently where people get caught in an online world; this one is somewhat different though; here only two people are brought into the game and rather than trying to find a way out they relish the idea! At first I thought the fact that Blank never seemed to lose would prove to be disappointing but as the series progressed it became clear that the fun was seeing how they would turn apparent defeat into a real victory. Sora was a somewhat obnoxious protagonist but he wasn't too unlikeable and Shiro and the other characters who were drawn into their quest were fun to watch. The animation is pretty good and its slightly unusual colour palette gives Disworld a distinctive look which I rather liked. Overall I liked this series far more than I expected and hope there is more to follow; the final scene certainly left a possibility of a further series open.<br/><br/>These comments are based on watching the series in Japanese with English subtitles. This show is astonishing! It is so weird with such a unique and bizarre plot, that it is a blessing to watch. The characters are well developed and in almost every episode there is a totally random moment which is hilarious, usually I burst out in laugh. Beside these the series is heavily involved in logic. If you love Death Note and Code Geass, you would probably like this one too. In my opinion this is a 9/10 series, but I gave it a 10/10 score because I think IMDB users are underrating it. The viewer is shown the story of two unique spills. Brother and sister get along well with each other, playing games day and night. A boring lifestyle, limiting the space of recluses, causing fear of society. At the same time, our heroes are known among the players, being the "empty" elite who have not lost a single game. It does not seem that this achievement makes the characters happy. And as if by order, our duet summons a genius player similar to them to a duel. After a difficult game they win, getting into another world based on a game where everything is decided thanks to the games. Do you have a dispute to your opponent? Then challenge him to a duel and play whatever you like, defeat your opponent - get what you want. The pleasant atmosphere of the work gradually immerses in its rich world, where you want to stay, exploring every nook and cranny with the heroes - a world that you do not want to say goodbye to at all. This is just the case when you regret that there are only 12 episodes, and you pin your hopes on the continuation. The benefit of "No Game No Life" is so successful that the sequel will remain a matter of time.<br/><br/>There are no depressing dialogue of characters about how to return home, and there is no pathos heresy from the lips of ordinary schoolchildren with unusual supernatural abilities that save once again humanity. In other words, not what we saw a million times. The plot is well arranged, does not rely on templates, and therefore is not limited by anything, is guided by a completely different motivational formation, which makes it much more attractive than the average senen fantasy. "No Game No Life" stands out from the gray mass of standard mass anime consumption with its individual freshness. Stylistically individual unsurpassedness can be seen, conceptual analogies can be drawn, and above all, with "Mondaiji-tachi ga Isekai kara Kuru Sou Desu yo?". The title is so long and the title is so good.<br/><br/>At the same time, there are time-tested components tailored for a senen audience. This is not annoying, but rather the opposite - it pleases, because everything is sublimated through the prism of modern stylistics. It looks somehow new, not to say that it is revolutionary, but very fresh, with a signature style, but it is worth a lot. Therefore, things like fan-service, parody and senen mechanisms are perceived at least with curiosity. It turns out a modern fairy tale with a bright atmosphere.<br/><br/>The characters are cute not so much stylistically as in a balanced way. At the right moments, serious, and when the situation requires it, they won't let you get bored with an excellent sense of humor, constantly pleasing with bright pearls. The nature of the main duet is realistic, the reasoning is typical of an ordinary hickey gamer, and relations between each other are the most unsurpassed side of the anime and at the same time its strangeness. They have a sufficient depth of character, but in general the image is traditionally collective so do not expect deconstruction to destroy stereotypes. The most important thing for the characters is not the pursuit of an original personality, but the general depth of character and consistent development in relationships with each other, which we see here. The interaction of the characters in a sense is the highlight of the show.<br/><br/>Recently, virtually any anime is well animated - it has a modern rendering. However, not everyone can boast a recognizable drawing. "No Game No Life" - this can be done, and therefore you will learn from afar, not to be confused with anything. To top it off, Madhouse is a guarantee that its viewer will not be disappointed with the visual quality of the product. An experienced studio exceeded all my expectations. I especially like how the colors are chosen - as if they are playing with you, trying to guess the mood. Something interesting happens in each frame - it is an extremely difficult task to break away from a dynamic picture.<br/><br/>"No Game No Life" is a juicy and not sugary cake seasoned with a balanced taste. He offers his concepts, trying to refresh the stagnant foundations of anime life. An anime that does not think like everyone else, presenting an endless world filled with creative adventures, moving from its place the multifaceted genre of fantasy within the framework of senen. A loud revolution has not been made, but at least thanks to the fact that the studio thinks creatively. Definitely a hit not just in the summer season, but perhaps just in 2014. Required to see everything except people with elite preferences. That's all thank you for your attention and look only the best.