I don't write reviews but the ratings break my heart. The show shows exactly what is wrong with the Indian society. The bad ratings and the backlash proves how ignorant and overtly sensitive we are to the truth.
Stellar performances, incredibly layered characters, amazing character building, brilliant writing & direction.
This tops Sacred Games for me as an overall show. Believe a stranger, give it a watch if you haven't. Watch it with an open mind. Set aside your ego and privileges before you do, though. Saw the series in one sitting
What a amazing show and excellent acting by jaideep . The overall concept is excellent
Hats off to the screenplay and gripping story
Thumbs up I was hooked to it from the very first episode, the main character is a true representation of the everyday man, flawed yet tenacious. The characters were intricately put together and the pacing was absolutely perfect. This is an absolute gem and it needs to be experienced. Absolutely loved it, cannot wait for Season 2. It's a gripping story and amazing acting. The rating has been brought down by internet trolls. Deserves to be above 8 Spell bound I was and for a change the police seems real and courtyside good..yes as always there that liberal agenda and that voice of how the moslem are mistreated. But that seems to be set agenda of Bollywood. The series is so enthralling that I bing watched it all night 🌙 oh the lead police inspector his an very very well crafter role. Loved it he is the protagonist the series is from his view This movie revolves around a inspector who is solving case and our system which is rotten is real and reel life both. Alhawat ji acting was superb and his Haryanvi accent and style ,look Acting and everything was amazing and worth for praising He totally steal the show the on him only. These types of movie is only showing how such type of actors are brilliant and capable of doing big things and the story also tells that public will not praise And tolerate stupid stories with big actors Theory and in future, your work and story and direction will be everything.
Alhawat ji you were amazing and the one also who was is subordinate and preparing for IPS both were amazing.Loved it I'm not much into those series whose seasons or episodes are too long. This one is neither. Well written amazingly executed for a series, this will create a storm on peoples emotions for a lot of reasons. So a lot of people are going to hate this series for this and for other reasons.<br/><br/>Best thing about the story is this is not the usual police procedural. Its starts that way about killing a high profile journalist to proving them they are terrorists to getting to conclusion that this was never about the journalist, it was always about the hitman and killing him. And then everything going down the toilet.<br/><br/>Jaideep Ahlawat as Inspector Hathiram Chaudhary was so natural. This is his lead role and he was simply superb. He was so flawless and made it look like a simple acting job. His frustrating part which he would sometimes take out on his junior and also apologised to him for being mean. There was a scene where Hathiram kept on kicking one of the suspects who was at first female then turned to be a transgender, as he was taking out his entire life's frustration and anger on one person. He was also shown to be remorseful and apologetic for his behaviour. More he dug into the suspects pasts, it was clear that he wasn't angry or disgusted, he felt pity for them. Though Hathiram's relationship with his wife Renu Chaudhary portrayed by Gul Panag and son wasn't major for the story but it had an impact in defining the character. What i liked most is that his relationship with his father wasn't much explored or it would have deviate form the story.<br/><br/>Abhishek Banerjee had 3-4 lines in the entire series. Everyone knows about his acting capabilities shown in Street and Mirzapur. His negative screen presence is extremely gravity defying. Every time he came on i was like, so okay this character is a psychopath, he's going to do something and then he doesn't. Every time he was on screen he left with a cliffhanger, as if you want him to do something. This was Abhishek Banerjee's method acting, doing nothing and watching with dead eyes. There was a specific scene where his character kills three boys with a hammer and he was just sitting there as an animal who just hunted and is tired.<br/><br/>I won't say Neeraj Kabi's role as Journalist Sanjeev Mehra was his best. There wasn't much room for improvement or improvisation since its known what Neeraj Kabi is capable of. Even with restrictions he played the role of big time egoistic journalist as best as he could. There are only two moments which had impact on the character. First was when he realised his wife Dolly Mehra portrayed Swastika Mukherjee who had anxiety disorder and was always depending on her husband to calm her down is no longer needed by her since she adopted a stray dog to fill the hole in her life. Second was when Hathiram told him that Sanjeev Mehra was a big guy and he was small but in reality he is just as unimportant as Hathiram and he just looked big. These two were the ego shattering blow to the character.<br/><br/>Mairembam Ronaldo Singh as Mary Lyngdoh or Chini and Niharika Lyra Dutt as Sara Matthews was my somewhere in the middle favourite characters. Sara's respect for her hero Sanjeev turned to love to hate since she got to see what he actually is. A big egoistic hypocrite who thinks he owns everything. She ended up resigning after helping Hathiram in his investigation. Chini's biggest character reveal was she wanted money for the operation so that she can marry the person she loved and thats why she was Woking with the criminals.<br/><br/>Biggest plus point of the series is not a huge production team was involved. 4 writers, 2 directors, 2 cinematographers and 1 editor. With small teams a huge amount of focus is always on the execution. Story was simply brilliant. A lot of materials were taken from actual events and watching them played out in a drama is just brutal. Social inequalities, sexually abusing children to family disputes to people going to any length to get what they wanted, violence shown in this show especially the one in the school where Tyagi kills 3 students from his school with the hammer and cracks the skull, has never been shown in the Indian entertainment before. I think dogs had a philosophical sense to the show. A yearning to belong or to feel important by others. When u start watch it...you will binge watch it...
Starts to ask about season 2..
That's the I want to say....🔥🔥🔥 Outstanding show. Jaideep is too good in lead role as an Inspector. Arguably best hindi web series on Prime or even all platforms. 10/10 Somehow Prime has got hold of Indian Audience nerves. They keep getting it better and better. Started with Breathe, then Mirzapur and now this. No cheesiness, straight story telling, beautiful direction, genius screenplay and editing. And amazingly realistic shots of Delhi police stations and Chitrakoot locations. Perfect casting and mind blowing background score. Great work for the first time production of Anushka Sharma team. Kudos and keep it coming. Now wait for season 2 begins...!! One of the best Hindi web series in crime genre. It was able to carry the suspense till the end. Acting was great by all the actors. Very well written and directed. This is the best series I watched during the lockdown. I had to finish it in one go. Highly recommended! Amazing direction. Don't think, just go for it !!
A genuine gift in the Lockdown!!! Paatal Lok has complex and a dark storyline, yet it's like psychological thriller kind of storytelling. Must watch for the action, suspense and thriller lover's.
-Excellent work by Sudip sharma and Jaideep is fantastic as always even new talent Abhishek banerjee fits in the character of Hathoda tyagi.
-Action scene are as realistic as we scene in Mirzapur, even it gave similar essence of uttar Pradesh touch.
-Just waiting for season 2. If a category like "perfect" in the Indian web series categories exists, then "Patal Lok" must be top in the list.<br/><br/>The whole series was like a journey. In which the character Inspector Hathiram Chaudhary was a co-passenger the viewers like me.<br/><br/>The series seems to satisfy every type of audience, giving a happy ending with unexpected climaxes.<br/><br/>This series has become so good that the writer of this series will continue to have a lot of pressure over the director, producer and all the other participants to bring its counterpart to the next season.<br/><br/>This series has set a benchmark.<br/><br/>The responsibility has fully played, given to Jaideep Ahlawat.<br/><br/>Best wishes to Cast and Crew. This series was a great watch. It was so original and the acting was really good.. One of the best Hindi series in recent times.. A must watch..
*The negative reviews are not happy with the storyline* Patal Lok , is a new crime drama series. It is produced by Clean Slate Films (Anushka Sharma's production house which is also responsible for Pari & NH10). The creatives heads behind the show are also noteworthy, like Sudip Sharma(Udta Punjab), Navdip Singh(NH10 & Laal Kaptan), Hardik Mehta(Kamyaab), Prosit Roy(Pari). If one does'nt really now about anything about the show, the creative heads are enough to feel hyped.
So the first few words about the show is that, the hype is real real. They delivered something worth your time. The show is about for criminals who are trying to attempt a murder of the most respectable news journalist. Due to anonymously typed by someone they get caught. Somehow the case is thrown by the higher authorities to the the local thana officer (Jaideep Ahlawat). He is so a desperate person for his promotions. Jaideep Ahlawat as a cop delivered his best role. He is so natural, raw, vulnerable, kind, and a person who knows and accept his limits.
The show is a slow and steady burn. It will defiantly take time to sync. That's why it has to have a solid pay off in the end. Man it is worth every second of your time. Go watch it asap! Everything is amazing about this series... story, casting, location...wow!!!... just finished it in a day...well knitted..!!! Worth binge watch!!! What an amazing series. Great story. Superb acting. Flawless. 💯💯 I bet this web series will make your lockdown good, strong script, good acting Best series of 2020 ,awesome star cast and outstanding performance by jaideep ahlawat(hathiram chaudhary) No hard feelings but i found this show really boring. It was a short story but it dragged it too far. I hated it. That's it When you like Thrills, Masala, Mystery mixed with Great Acting, Production and Direction... You get PATALLOK.. No brainer.. watch right away..<br/><br/>Hatiram Chaudhary Promoted 🤗, Imran Ansari joins IPS 🤗, Unearth more conspiracies soon 🙏, Patal Lok Rocks 🍻<br/><br/>@AnushkaSharma @PrimeVideoIN @PrimeVideo @Jaiahlawat
#pataallok #patallok @GulPanag @IshwakSingh #NeerajKabi #NiharikaLyraDutt #AbhishekBanerjee #rajeshsharma Paatal lok just surprises you that reaches more then your expectations, hathi ram charecter it's just a bone for the entire series ,keen solving and engaging the audience with some awesome screen play and story , this is more then I expected must watch and you will never regret after watching,go for it. The storyline is great but the speed of the show is not so fast... But dont worry bcuz the show does not looses its grip and the cliffhangers are fantastic.<br/><br/>You can easily complete this series in one sitting. This show has everything you want to see.
Midway you start getting these feelings and trust me it won't go away soon.
For me the story line and the background of the people captured was the turning point.
Especially Tope Singh i kinda want him to take revenge for what happened.
Anyways You absolutely should watch this master piece I started with lots of expectations but found it bit slow. Acting wise all actors have done brilliant work especially Jaideep Ahlawat and A banerjee. Story could have better. Neeraj kabi acting was average. One time watch. Dont keep much hopes. One word Review - Raw.
Very well written and directed, Every character has done his job in the best way, the story get distracted just because of unnecessary things but not every time. Slow start but makes it engaging with time, Bit lengthy but ok. Described every character's part/story and it is somewhere necessary to do, that brief thing make story engaging somewhere yes.
The Performance of the lead Jaydeep/Ishwak Singh n Neeraj Kabi and all character's work is flawless, just that they enjoyed and lived the story. The story doesn't revolves around the criminal and crime everytime it has more to show.. Watch Abhishek Banerjee he is gem.
Story is good, Gripping, Real. Worth Watch.
-itsbymayank Review of Paatal lok.
"Mayank Bharat Bhushan Louteriya" Beyond belief, firstly would like to congratulate the cast and the crew for producing this amazing show. This show again proved that neither the actors, directors, producers nor technicalities like graphics and visuals but it showed us that content(Story) is the king. When you get a good story and a story teller visions right then it is a magic on the screen and proud to tell you guys that i had this magical experience while watching this show. Finally thanks to Amazon Prime man you guys nailed it again on of the Best shows of the year. This country needs more such content. More such thoughts.
Loved the way it subtly potryas the recent indian socio political scenario.
Overwhelmed with the vintage sarcasm & dark comedy. I always heard good comedy can come out of very serious situations too, perfect example of that.<br/><br/>Thrilled with the vividity of the charecters.
First three or four episodes was building the backdrop and suddenly it bowls you over with its brilliance.
I repeat this country needs more such contents and thoughts I was hooked on this show from the first episode and it keeps getting better till 4th episode. After that it's just dragging the plot till the last episode. It should have been shorter in length. A breath of fresh new writing which reprsents the blood thirsty politics of rural india. The last i remeber any movie which came close to addresing this issue was hassil, after that definitely it is pataal lok. Enjoyed it..... The caste system and how intrinsically it is tied up with 'andhvishwaas' and illiteracy and the aftermath/episodes that accrue out of this oppression and repression. Just wow. After a long time there is a some good thiller series was here. It seems like the series is attracting a lot of negative reviews from biased and fascist sections of the population. Don't believe them, this series is definitely worth watching. The series shows things as they are happening in India, which cannot be classified as propoganda. A brilliant series that is essential watching. The worst webseries ever I see in my life although the acting of cast is good but the story is too slow paced. It doesn't excite you to watch next episode and pathetic storyline, it doesn't conclude the story in my opinion ending could have been better. A very well written script and screenplay. All elements in appropriate amounts. The actors transformed the director's vision more than what was expected. Kudos to clean slate and Anushka for producing and identifying worthy scripts. This show is baap of sacred games and mirzapur. Jaideep is a gem. All actors did good job.. Such a great and well made show. Not a single second felt bored. Must watch show. Trying to copy english webseries while having story without any entertainment factor A web series which outstandingly portrays all the possible layers of today's society, the casteism which is still prevalent in some parts of India, how people will ruin so many lives for their own personal gains, and how fake news and stories can be so dangerous. There is no Hinduphobia in it. It is the bitter truth and we need to swallow it. The world is not all merry merry. We must embrace both the good and the bad. A must watch. It is different from usual Patriotic and Secret service drama. It depicts ground reality of crime investigation and brutal politics in an innovative way. Direction is unique where small stories creates strong character development and their importance to story. Acting is sublime. Definitely a masterpiece from Prime. .
Hats off to whole team of this show!!!
Waiting for more. Not good. Acting is good but not storyline. Story is predictable from first episode.<br/><br/>Few actors performed well but because of week storyline the series is not able to hold the interest. Tarun Tejpal's epic novel" Story of my assassins "comes to the screen ...adaptation is a masterpiece Paatal Lok isn't a mere crime thriller. It's a visceral, haunting narrative that digs deeply into the ugly trappings of a depraved system that dictates and determines lives. Just watch anything on prime except this 'paatal lok'. Another stupid psycho killer type lame story. A well needed wake up call for the common public. Go watch it, you'll love it. It has somewhat kicked out the Bollywood/Indian series mediocrity and emerged as the strongest winner of all times.
Me being a fan of "YOU", "The mentalist", "Dexter" etc am absolutly delighted to see the class of content we have started delivering with the likes of "Paatal lok" & "Asur". Sudip Sharma the writer hats off to you man. So different so unique, amazing acting mind blowing storyline epic end! ""Dog loves man he's a good man, man loves dog he's a good man "" Just loved it. I'm sure trolls are going to go crazy on this one and try reducing the ratings of this series as a full time job for a few days now. There wasn't any outcome in the story. Inspector has a dream to prove himself of any worth in the eyes of his family which was only achieved because he got his son's friend which has nothing to do with the main story which doesn't end in any way and the Inspector didn't achieve anything because of it. At last you will feel why was even the motive of the story, where did it really tried to go. Very common to show in series or bollywood movies against hindus, downgrading hindu gods etc n glorifying muslims. Hate it. When you start watching it you will be pretty confused what's really going around here but as the series moves ahead , it keeps you on the edge on seat. Every character , scene & dialogue are more than remarkable. That line ,"We liberals are such a cliche, all we need for human story is a Muslim criminal and LGBT character " perfectly fits the current scenario. As the series end you will get your answer but there will be numerous question for you to look for. Must watch Content is best. Its showing that how media is making conspiracy of fake news between public. And how they are enjoying with trp. Minority issue is also showed by the maker , Its true that so called religion is now a arrow game for present era. And how it can twist the all game.<br/><br/>Showing the real truth of backward class problems. Story is moving around the conspiracy theory that made by journalists and politicians.<br/><br/>One of the best indian series , u have to watch. What a story telling. Brilliant acting which doesn't look like one. Crisp script and shooting locales and cinematography superb. But the background score is hauntingly brilliant and it stays with you after the series is over. Can't wait for the sequel. And the punjabi rap (though I don't understand punjabi) was wow. All in all. Sixer hai boss. Nothing special in the series. The plot seems like you have seen it at many places before. Episode 2, 3:41 minutes
There is a sentence " you lying Nepali whore ". That's not fair to insult other countries citizens this wa. This content must be removed.....!!! Just kidding. No angels here. This is Paatal Lok we are talking about.
While most crime shows dissect crimes once they've occurred, this one's about a plan foiled in its execution. The police work here is reminiscent of the stellar work done by Delhi police in Delhi Crime.
Kudos to the casting director to have chosen such a fine ensemble of actors (good see you Gul Panag). Jaideep Ahlawat is in especially fine form here. The show tries to provide back stories to both the good guys as well as the bad guys.
Themes of casteism and secularism are also discussed, in subtle and not so subtle ways. Overall, a pretty good watch. It's the True detective made in India . The direction and the creative prowess shown here in this show is in it's purest form .
This show will be remembered for long Well it's high time that Indian Series realise that they need to stop showing Hinduphobic content..,,
It's a shame that you guys time n again keep downsizing Hindus... In Hindi or Indian cinema this type of content we rarely see . Recommend this webseries strongly. Its very Mind blowing To watch.. Its really worth To watch it .. Amazing script I have seen complete series, few points i have observed
<ul><li>3 star for acting by main characters</li><li>Director looks biased to show one community innocent, it has been shown in series many times. Which make the story telling very awkward. This looks like we are watching NDTV. I feel series should not take any political stand very clearly. It can have vantage point what one person think. We are not here to see what a director/ writer thinks.</li><li>Ending is very awkward, like some good suspense ending , come-on we are not watching hindi movie "Teri Meharbaniya"</li></ul><br/><br/>This is my personal view. One of the very best tv series in a long time. An apt review of the society. Dual faces of media ... Unconditional love
Fear, courage ... Freedom .. Father son relationship
Mind boggling .....
Jaideep ahlawat u beauty
Even co star all supeb ... Fake, Boring and total time waste series. Not recommended to watch One of the best shows of 2020 simply awesome. The direction, cinematography is great. The cast and their acting is pitch perfect. Highly highly recommend This is certainly one of the best shows which came out in almost all of Hindi TV history. What an amazing amalgamation of topnotch actors, great story, beautiful background music and superb direction. Jaideep deserves a special mention, everyone else is perfect as well. In my books it's way above Sacred Games and Family man. Delhiites will love it even more for many reasons including locales, lingo and the very identifiable Delhi feel. Kudos to the team and I really hope there are more seasons to come. OUTSTANDING !! BEST OF THIS YEAR TILL NOW overtaken ASUR. ðŸ’¥ðŸ’¥
What a perfectly executed Political Crime Drama !! I completed the all 9 episode in a Single sitting. May be Amazon prime's best after Family Man.<br/><br/>Plot, story, Cinematography, perfect. The reflection of our society, problems, class difference, regional difference perfectly shown with political back drop. Current face of media also shown.ðŸ’¥
Cast performance superb, all are awesome !<br/><br/>Jaideep Ahlawat's best performance till now, Niraj kabi is as always awesome ! but Abhishek Banerjee is surprised me the most ðŸ”¥
But if you're a "Bhakt" then this series is not for you. ðŸŒš
#MustWatch if you are not a "Bhakt" ðŸ”¥ Not talking about the core point of the film. But this is dead boring and slow like a snail. Deviates all the time from the point and comes with total crap. I regret now and should have invested my time on something else. Best TV series made till date in India.
Everything about this series is absolutely perfect.<br/><br/>The actors,the plot, screenplay everything.<br/><br/>Great job. It's an art. A masterpiece in every aspect.Acting, direction, scripts, dialogues everything is masterpiece. Exactly I bet this web series will make your lockdown good, strong script, good acting.<br/><br/>Yes absulately correct, This show is baap of sacred games and mirzapur. Jaideep is a gem. All actors did good job. Very well directed by Avinash Arun and Roy.
Too good acting by jaideep ahlawat, abhishek banerjee, Neeraj kabi,gul Panag and ishwak singh.<br/><br/>Brilliant drama story ðŸ‘Œ Story is too slow and it will take 6.5 hrs to finish it..it should be finished in 4-5 hrs.
You can't compare it with sacred games, Asur and family fan.. Mind blowing performance by Jaideep Ahlawat sir. Main plot is not that strong but brilliant performances by the actors makes it worth watching especially kabi and ahlawat one of the gems of bollywood. Absolutely entertaining and binge worthy.. watched all episodes in one go.. also people giving it one star are hate mongers, do not listen to them.. enjoy the show.. Reviewing for the first time ever, this series has set a standard which has been never set earlier and would be extremely difficult to set. In love with each and every scene, each character and special applause to Jaideep Ahlawat. Simply wow! This is what we called as "masterclass"...<br/><br/>Loved it... Great and interesting show keeps you gripped all the time The metaphor used is perfect. The symbolism of PaatalLok, DhartiLok and SwargLok are deep enrooted in our society...
A must watch for great storyline and great acting. Ishwak Singh and Ahlawat are killing it...
Total full to Dhamal/Kamaal/Bawaal series hai ...must watch... Great acting by Mr Ahlawat and all, I watched 7 episodes in one go, will finish it by tonight itself. The series will give you a better idea of what going around these days. It tells about the truth you always knew in your inner self. A master craft with Jaideep Ahlawat leading from the front & rightly so. Neeraj & other support casting were bang on. The story grips you from start & keeps you on toes till E-9. No loose ends & properly ended. Must watch! I am giving this title 10, though it is not best in the world but surely one of the best in Indian web series. Casting and editing is amazing, Hathi ram dialogues and Vishal tyagi character is my fav. Background story of each character is good, crisp , much needed and sufficient. This series have what i like in web series, a good story with actors who are doing justice with their characters.
I am on episode 8 and cant stop watching till i finish it. Highly recommended series. Brilliantly written and the acting is just mind-blowing. One of the best crime thrillers of Indian web series. Three reasons make this show engaging.
1) Good storyline with powerful performance from each character, especially Jaideep.
2) Each character has been portrayed with enough story, neither too long nor too small. Just perfect.
3) The story is more about why people do crime and how people of swarglok take advantage of people in paataal lok and dharti lok. Paatal Lok shows the inside of political conspiracies and the poison they spread in the media and law as well. The screenplay was tight and it shines a light on the darkness of the people and their greed to be at the top of the game.<br/><br/>It's an engrossing crime thriller that leaves you with more to wonder. Jaideep Ahlawat played a significant and critically amazing character of Hathi Ram looking out for answers to this madness. Another win for an Indian Web series this year.<br/><br/>
My Rating : 4.5/5 Doesn't deserve less than 10. Though language and some scenes are very explicit which makes it not so family watching kind of series. It gives feeling of realistic and touches upon so many aspects of our lives without compromising flow, quality & events of story. Rajdeep proved himself as an actor who probably can fill up level where very less number of people can act at. The story was quite slow since the start and didn't had that kind of grip. Just MindBlowing 😮 Jaidip Sir U Nailed It.. Finally U Got The Best Role
& Abhishek Banerjee I M Scared..Your Character 😰😰 🙏✌ Flawless Screenplay 💋
Best Dark Crime Drama Thriller After Family Man
Worth Watching ✌ 10 Out 10.. Don't Miss This Guys 👍 Jaideep Ahlawat and hole team acting was so awesome.so excited for season 2 and 3,4,5 A very strong script, superb performance from each and every character. Worth spending ur time Just mind blowing... Every character plays his/her role extraordinary Very op sided and poor depiction of events. Trying to paint the majority community in bad light. Disclaimer: I'll try to keep this review as short as possible but I'm afraid I couldn't so bear with me, but if you're reading this, I'll make sure its gonna worth it.
So finally, we are in the era where OTT's is the new game, it is not only changing and getting popular by providing its viewers a whole new home-based experience but if we see the other side it is giving confidence to the producers to take risk's, giving free hand to its writers - directors to play creatively and more authentically as much as they can with minimum to practically no censorship along with the actors who deserve the characters as according to their capabilities and finally getting the praises and due credit they deserve and Pataal Lok is its latest and genuine example.
It is one of the finest Thrillers I've seen, giving us the closer look to reality about the bitter and darker face of the society. The series portrays the Communal and cast system along with politics that media plays to form and to manipulate the perception of the society, and that too without being judgmental to these issues for which the credit goes to the writer and directors of the series including Hardik Mehta & Avinash Arun among others for which they truly deserve the round of applause.
Skipping about the series plot as you should watch it by yourself, I'll directly jumps towards the performances. Each and every performance is hitting the right notch, casting has been done brilliantly providing the blend of seasoned acclaimed actors such as Vipin Sharma, Neeraj Kabi alongside Vikram Kapoor & Rajesh Sharma with their brief but valuable appearances, followed by young aspiring actors including Mairembam Ronaldo, Ishwak Singh with the standout performance by Abhishek Banerjee as Vishal "Hathoda" Tyagi, his presence will surely give you chills.
As I stated above and one of the reasons, I support the OTT platform is that actors getting the roles they deserve and for this particular series the Man of the Show is Jaideep Ahlawat the main lead of the series doing all the heavy liftings and doing it all effortlessly. Ahlawat as Hathiram Chaudhary an Inspector with a passion to solve the biggest case of his life to prove himself worthy not just as policeman but as Husband and as Father also. He was both comfortable and convincing in each and every scene for which again credit also goes to the writers because they didn't imposed anything, like the use of slang- Gaali's were not forced but genuine like for example a dialogue 'Pori Zindagi apne baap ki aankhon mei dekha aai ke mera beta Chutiya aai, ab apne bete ki aankhon mei nahi dekhna chahata ke uska baap chutiya aai'.
This single dialogue by Hathiram Chaudhary is enough to describe his whole life.
The series also constantly connects the situation with the Hindu mythologies and what has been written in their scriptures as Paatal lok itself is taken from it yet again the writing is so lit that all the references are been delivered lightly as Hathiram after describing all the mythology saying 'Waise tou yeh sab Shahstaron mei likha aai, Mager meine WhatsApp pe parha aai'.
In the end I would also like to appreciate the producers i.e. the Clean Slate Films and Anushka Sharma for not ending the series open ended or incomplete for future seasons as I've seen now days its been a norm that if the series got hit makers do keep room for further stretching it into seasons, which is not the case with this series and it shouldn't be with any of the other series where it is not required. M speechless !! Beautifully scripted, drafted n executed !! Must watch Paatal Lok is a roller coaster ride. It is truly the best Indian show online. It boasts of a gripping storyline, exceptional performances by the entire cast and is a treat for the eyes. It is more Indian than any show I have ever seen. EPIC Stuff! This series has dark storyline,acting was very good It is on eof the best hindi tv shows.It concludes a bit slow but the starting and the first 8 episode s are very outstanding and edge gripping Perfect show with perfect story. Must watch. Acting was too good. Story good. Ending mind blowing Intense - Dark - Gruesome - Thriller - CrimeDrama - Dirty Politics - Police - Media - System - Elections - Erotic - Mythology - Social.... Every possible Genre Of Filmography Have been packed in this show. Top-Hole Content with a great Concept. 😌🙌<br/><br/>Strong Script , Well fabricated Screenplay with esteemed level of Acting. Superlative performance from All Actors. Especially Jaideep Ahlawat , Neeraj Kabi & Abhijit Banerjee. It's Slow paced drama but Yes if You are looking for Good Content It's Quite Binge for you. Ohh man what a series. Amazing dialogues, amazing direction every things is just amazing. Story is a bit slow but its worth watching. What a fine casting, these entertainer are really talented yet underrated. A viny fine story line , very interesting and the plot binds you throughout the end A well directed season. Shows how the system is malfunctioning, how lower official are made puppets to satisfy bigger gameplays. Its a much watch series which came over this pendemic or we can say during this lockdown.
Well this series will get to reach you how wounded pillars of our democracy actually works!
And yes for dog lovers its a good watch. A must watch for people who love crime thriller. Story telling is interesting with some very fine performances. One of better contents in last couple of year on OTT platform Many loop holes. I don't understand why policemen were running to Chitrakoot or Punjab without even interrogating the criminals properly.
Communication is missing in many places, assumptions are made.
Just coz the story writer knew they were connected to Chitrakoot, the police went there, even though they had the criminals in their hand. And they're running themselves, they could've either contacted local Chitrakoot police for info or sent any junior officer. They're listening to criminal's background stories like Panchtantras while not spending enough time to interrogate them in lockup.
It's very slow many times! No good dialogues too. I feel sorry for Gul Panag the most.
Also, it's very painful that series are extremely left leaning nowadays. I expect series to bring out good & bad in all communities as there are good & bad people in every religion. Why do we always have to run a propaganda? It's like listening to a friend after his/her divorce. They'll always tell how good they are but ex wife/ husband is bad etc.
The non veg in train scene - very kiddish. I've travelled with people from muslim, non muslim communities & they never bring non veg in train. It's not about religion but food habits. Fellow passengers might get uncomfortable or meat get spoilt. Even my family is non veg, but we never carry it in train.
This shows the script wasn't given much thought. Very immature & unrealistic approach.<br/><br/>Although I liked their acts but giving less rating since it doesn't deserve 8. Well crafted characters,direction,editing. Jaideep Ahlawat delivers a stunning performance. Every character was meticulously intervoven into the main story.
Great direction,acting & writing!!!!!! Kudos to the team for this wonderful series!!! The series is so enthralling that I bing watched it all 🌃 , the lead police inspector Ahlawat Sir is a nature actor and he has performed his role fantastically. Must watch and much more than sacred games and mirzapur. Exceptionally well written and directed. Very few plot holes . I personally think its best crime series that Bollywood has till today. Haathi ram chowdary did an awesome job. Amazing acting and thrilling web series. The speed of the serial is phenomenal each character play vibrant role special mention for the the male protagonist mister hathiram an honest police inspector who is posted at outer Jamuna paar thana he described this area as patal lok from last 15 year he is struggling for promotion one day after series of drama he get An high profile case of Mr Sudhir TV journalist after lots of turns and twist is he able to solve the case of conspiracy to murder of Mr Sudhir accused 4 people's.
P.s if men like a dog he is good man
but if dog like man he is good man Series has a realistic and engaging storyline. Lead actors have played their roles perfectly and desi dialogues are also awesome. Brilliant performance from Jaideep loved your work.
You are very very great actor...
Pataal lok must watch A must watch series if you are into drama or thriller, a binge watch worthy Crime thriller- so Indian that you can relate. The only thing about this series which is just one step less of perfect is it's screenplay, the movie seems slow at few places but apart from that, this story is a KILLER. Amazing cast ! The Hathi and Hathoda both have made this story a heavyweight. Super Amazing Cast and amazing story. Content, Casting, Plot and Moreover Acting is excellent. I watched whole series in one shot on previous night. This is to good to make our lockdown fantastic. In this layered and mysterious story reveal bitter fact of today society. Well writing & great acting by whole team. Now this is something we have to expect from the makers. This will bring the quality of Indian shows near to foreign series. This is that rare show where every character is given its due, where a lot of the sub-plots work, where the writing , cinematography and acting is top notch throughout.
Not a show for the faint-hearted, the show could have been edited better , but regardless of that , this is a very dark and disturbing crime procedural thriller that you must definitely sink your teeth in. Great story, content and justice done by the characters are really amazing. What i like the most in this series is the pace in the entire series which never slows down which will make you Binge watch this show. A proper closure at the end it's not like something left for the second season so it's a complete story and really you should go for it if you want to invest your time on something good. Jaideep Ahlawat you are a star.I watched all episodes in one go. Slow start but it will engage you, you will find some loose ends but again story will come on track and show you political conspiracies, story is very raw and real.
You will become fan of Inspector Hathiram Chaudhary.
So my next question is when season 2 is coming? Just completed watching Amazon's "Patal lok". This is one of the very best Tv series to come out of india. Crisp, raw, gripping and intense were the words coming out after living in this world for the last few hours. Jaydeep Ahlawat, Abhishek Banerjee and Kabi burns the screen with their brilliant performances. Highly recommended! After family man and mirzapur there was no noticeable indian tv series from prime. In these lockdown times came a exceptional thriller and noir murder mystery type series from prime this is the correct time from prime to release patal lok when audiences are craving for mirzapur season 2 it will serve as a desert until the prime release mirzapur. So please watch it I have binged yesterday night without sleeping. So please do watch it and frustrate amazon prime to release paatal lok season2 very soon😀 Very gripping, yet easy to follow, teeming with lowlifes of disturbing pedigrees and relatable motives and directed / scripted with an ear to the ground, Paatal Lok should remain etched in your memory for a long time indeed.<br/><br/>Jaideep Ahlawat, Neeraj Kabi and Abhishek Bannerjee have had two bit roles in movies this far. Here, they come into their own and are Emmy worthy in their respective performance.<br/><br/>The backstories are ringed with casteism, communalism, sexism, child abuse, fratricide, to name just a few. Most of them would leave your skin crawling with their creepiness.<br/><br/>The violence often arrives with a shocking swiftness and intensity and is all the more effective because of that.<br/><br/>Don't know of a better Hindi web series that is being cast on any OTT, presently.<br/><br/>Highly and heartily recommended. It's very strange after watching so many shows I can say I loved it. From beginning story is on track characters are excellent Acting and directing is perfect. Here and there are some minor mistake . I don't know why people liked it, just because of violence and adult content? maybe yes. the whole plot started very strong but couldn't develop as a master-piece and the climax is utterly disappointing.
Don't waste time on this. Finally a gripping series. Marvelous acting by Jaideep. Loved the way how plot deepens per episode. Highly unpredictable and awesome direction. If you are into mystery and thriller genre, then this one is simply one of the best so far. Paatal Lok has definitely raised Indian digital content standards. A/T to IMDB i thought Ashor is the best webseries till now but after i have seen this I m surprised .The story is incomparable. Brilliant story line and screenplay for those who can read between the lines , awesome acting specialy from Mr ahlawat and others , superb direction although you can expect such outcome when Director's name is avisnash arun. If you think twice story is simple yet so many things to say. This story covers all the aspects of the society also reveals the mystry and true face of our society as well. Intelligent direction, superb acting also little bit research on human psychology and tension between the characters in each screen make the simple story more intense. Must watch for all atleast if we want our Indian audience to literate enough to understand such works in future , I guess this is just the begining of new era in ott platform with such etched upon your memory presentation. I'm completely in love with this tv show.With the suspense and twists through the series, all the characters are unique and you have love for them all in a different way. This is one of the best shows i have ever seen . it has so much thriller . i never felt bored for a moment We fail to see we are the poison we wish to remove from the society TLDR Imagine the show (patal lok) as the living manifestation of the binge watching, gore guzzling, pain numbing content the consumer Pataal Lok has been an overall great package, from great casting to exceptional delivery. The story itself is gripping and cover some of the crtitical issues about the system like brainwashing, hatred, LGBT and most important the broken machinery of the law enforcement. And the best part is, it is so subtle that without even explicitly saying it delivers the message. A must watch for both Indian and non-indian viewers alike. This series is not for the faint hearts. The makers of the show have kept an eye for each and every detail. The shows pans around multiple cities like Delhi , Chitrakoot etc. and all the local elements have proper place in the storyline.
Moreover the cast is brilliant. Jaideep Ahlawat leaves you with a sweet taste in your mind by his brilliant performance. Abhisek Banerjee also deserves mention for his dar character which is actually very difficult to play.
But Gul Panag is a surprise feature in this series and she suited her character very well. Amazon's original *'paatal lok'* is a perfectly matched pieces of an unsolved puzzle. In all aspects, as a directing, choosing the right casting and as a story writing, all these are good. Plot of the story, which is far away from nonsense killings and made this web series quite different from all others. It could say, it's an art in the crime genre. Writer's perfectly woven story holds me till the end. Just Brilliant ! This is the best Indian thriller till date by a mile. Binge watched it. Kudos to the director in perfectly knitting the little knots of this story. If there is something that can keep you glued till the season finale, this has to be one among them. I would not like to reveal any spoilers, but if there's something that should definitely have a next season , then this is it. You know it's a brilliant show just from the sheer number of whining victimized reviewers here. Watch it twice just for the trolls, give them something to really cry about. Better than Mirzapur .
Leaps and bounds above Sacred Games.
I won't even count Family Man. I will rate this series on basis of a content. The writer has introduced mythological character A Dog and Hiranyakashyup . He wish to relate few characters to them and this is where the trouble arises. The director couldnt do justice to specify this plot.<br/><br/>Minority situation has been shown from one point of view which has been done from past. They are suppressed. A more hard hitting end would have made me give 8/10. Super Fun, yet grounded in reality. Best show to come out of India. Better than Sacred Games/Delhi Crime in certain aspects. Much nuanced and dense and fun. Reminded me of Mindhunter and Narcos and Better Call Saul. No matter where you are from , weather you speak the language or not , if you are a fan of a genre DO NOT MISS THIS. I REPEAT DO NOT MISS THIS. i hope this breaks out like narcos. This is so far the best webseries from India which can give run for money to many major crime drama series globally,it is noir, it is real , it is hardhitting with facts and beautyfully presented. The lead character Jaideep won the heart and left us for wanting more,cant wait for season 2. As we begin the premier show of Anushka Sharma and Amzaon Studio new web series, Pataal Lok, we are introduced to three different worlds which literally means Swarg Lok where high-class people live, Dharti Lok where middle class folks stays and the Pataal Lok where criminals, murderers and evil thrive. It is the third world which gives insight into the mind of a criminal and what makes the convict go through the rough path which is the crux of the web series Pataal Lok.
This year we witnessed an enriching yet gruesome and spine chilling experience with Asur web series which was praised for its powerful screenplay. Now Amazon Studio and Anushka Sharma brings more heat this summer with Pataal Lok which will take you for a ride to heaven through hell.<br/><br/>Based on Tarun Tejpal's novel The Story of My Assassins, Paatal Lok tells the story of a struggling police inspector (Jaideep Ahlawat) who follows an investigation into the attempted murder of an eminent journalist (Neeraj Kabi) by a group of four violent gangsters headed by Vishal "Hathoda" Tyagi (Abhishek Banerjee). The series introduces four accused suspected of the murder but as evidence starts disappearing and the police face increasingly more bureaucracy and obstacles the closer they get to the truth, the investigation becomes more complicated.<br/><br/>Directed by Avinash Arun (Killa) and Prosit Roy (Pari), Pataal Lok will take some time to build upon you but when it does there is no coming back. The best part of watching Pataal Lok web series is that you will be shown three different worlds which is very much existing in today's scenario - Swarg Lok which shows the fake life of a popular TV journalist who is swindling between a loving wife and still handling extra-marital affair with his office assistant. Dharti Lok which focuses on the middle class and probably the most relatable one where an honest police officer is trying to make a career and yet struggling with his rebellious son and a nagging wife.<br/><br/>We are finally introduced to the third world, Pataal Lok, which shows the coming-of-age story of the four antagonist who plan to assassinate a high-profile media person. The web-series flips between past and present scenes to show the making of criminals through diverse stories woven together with same outcome. While first few episodes will be easy-going to watch, it is the twist and turns in the later part where the series gathers the steam. The best scene is where Haathi Ram thrashes his son's friend for hiding the gun.The scene will bring down the house with fantastic act by Jaideep Ahlawat.<br/><br/>Pataal Lok has few similarities with Abhay Deol starrer Manorama-Six Feet Under , of course it was expected as Navdeep Singh is the script consultant here. Like a suspended PWD engineer but a detective-wanna-be Abhay Deol takes on solving the mystery behind the disappearance of a 6 year old girl from NGO in Manorama, our protagonist, Haathi Ram Chaudhary, in Pataal Lok, even though suspended, becomes curious to solve the mystery behind the attempted assassination of an eminent journalist. There is a lot of twist and turns which needs to watched carefully and the director succeeds you keeping engaged right till the end.<br/><br/>On the flip side, I feel the length of the web-series could have trimmed by few minutes while a better background score could have made Pataal Lok more engrossing. The highlight of the web-series is the admiring direction, beautiful screenplay, solid performances by the entire star cast will help to enjoy the web-series. Hats off to Jaideep Ahlawat who gives the best performance of his career. The actors goes deep into his character as he was playing a real-life cop with aplomb. Abhishek Banerjee will surprise you with deadly and daring looks as "Hathora" Tyagi. I wish I could see more of his scenes in the 9 episodes web series. Neeraj Kabi is stunning as the high-profile journalist. Ishwak Singh and Niharika Lyra Dutta were superb. Swastika Mukherjee and Gul Panag leaves a solid impression even though they have small roles to play.<br/><br/>Pataal Lok is a fantastic who-done-it crime thriller that will certainly keep you on the edge of your seat. Highly recommended 4/5 Love it so much, and I am a very critical person when it comes to tv shows. But I definitely liked everything about this show, plot, music, and most of all the cast ! Amazing one ! Congratulations to everyone involved in this excellent series.what a acting, what a concept. thanks all of cast The evils of society if you will the effect of religion convoluted to serve the manifestations of the powerful, This series was one the best ever thriller i have seen in recent time. It's was like an addiction to binge the entire series Topics like these become conversation starters amidst awkward silences at parties we love to see women get thrashed, belittled, treated like objects/possessions/property across multiple instances, we love to portray the injustice Every character is so well etched out!Great dialogues, nice scenery, very good cut scenes and cross story telling. Great story, directing and fantastic acting. You cannot stop watching!If you like intellectual suspense, this has to be the best show made in a very long time What a splendid series and splendid performance by Jaideep Ahlawat. Applause to everyone associated with this series. Easily one of the best web series in Hindi. Dont miss it !! Once again Indian series on next level.
awesome story screenplay and actors. This may not be the best series, but by far has been one of the best story telling in the web series.
The acting by the lead role is just the thing to watch out for. It will be slow, but just let the feeling sink in and it just adds to the watching experience.<br/><br/>The series has its low and highs.. But it's all part of the watching experience. Wonderful casting... brilliant story telling .... equally brilliant acting... Kudos to the entire team.... My rating says it all ..hence I will come down directly to basics.
Acting: Just fabulous. Jaideep has always been the top notch actor and I don't know how directors used to overlook him. Shout out for Abhishek Banerjee...please directors ..cast him more..and give him all dark characters that you used to have Nawaz Bhai in. He is more authentic killer. Neeraj is like always..flawless yet in a flawed character. Others too played their role very well. Seeing Gul Panag after so long was refreshing..and she did a decent job ..even as a housewife.
Direction : Mind-blowing. This director should be directly admitted to the league of Tigmanshu, Anurag and Mehta. I have no words to describe how well he has directed this.
Story : Heart wrenching... True story of UP MP Punjab and outskirts of Delhi. Bhakts will dislike it because their faces have been exposed at many times. Had a feel that this was about politics but it's not...politics is there just like 'Kadi-patta' in your curry. Those who are sledging it are Tiger Shroff fans and wanted tiger typos in this movie...but this show being 'real'... tiger didn't make a cut.
Thrill/suspense : I have been awake all night and finished just 6 episodes...had to take breaks in between to gulp the suspense. It keeps you on the edge of your seat all the time.<br/><br/>Comparison to others : Cannot compare to sacred games..but yeah Jaideep acted far better than our Nawab Saab . Story too is not as convoluted as Sacred Games. However it is far far better and 'real' as compared to Apaharan sort of gimmicks.<br/><br/>Must watch for : PataalLok ..if you are interested in ground zero of Indian crime scene. Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Banarjee, Neeraj ..bind you to the screen within first 15 minutes. To understand the problems of Indian villages. The society has been unmasked.<br/><br/>Must watch. You won't regret it. And yes Muslims are looked down upon and so are Dalits and women. So dont cringe at reality..change it. I am an upper caste Hindu saying this to all haters( illiterate ppl) out there.
Tc. Kudos to especially the story and then Jaideep Ahlawat for his work , dialogue delivery in haryanvi accent...his acting was superb throughout the series. Abhishek Banerjee work was also amazing though in whole series he got less dialogue but the expressions and body language was top notch.His son's character was also a good one.<br/><br/>Then Neeraj Kabi was good, thought the climax was a bit let down as expected more. Series will throughout hold you till the end and never creates a loose end which shows how the good direction is. So must watch and it's amazing.<br/><br/>Must remember - That good deeds are always common in every lok. One of the best and to the point show I have witnessed since a long time , without a doubt it's at par with the best shows of all time. Very intriguing which gives a perfect picture of the present day society. ❤👏👏 Amazing performances and acting of all the artists. Pilot of the show was good but after that, show started going downhill until it revived from 6th episode and there on, it was a rollercoaster ride. Kudos to Jaideep ahlawat for brilliant acting. Also special mention for the muslim inspector who won the hearts with his brilliant acting.<br/><br/>Plot is bit tricky but sums up well in the end, provides a satisfactory ending.<br/><br/>Shooting and setting is good.<br/><br/>Though i expected more from abhishek bannerjee, but his role was small though satisfactory. Also i liked his partner in crime, tope singh.<br/><br/>Overall, good option to spend your weekend with, and definitely a better ending then The family man. Story depicts lots of angles of indian society, and leaves audience with a simple message that showing humanity doesn't cost you, and will indeed be a benefit. All the actors have worked really hard in portraying the characters. Especially the lead Jaideep Ahlawat playing cop hathi ram choudhary. Story feels a bit slow and could've been faster. But it's a great experience overall to watch this series. It is very engaging serise and yes it is very violent at times.
I had to turn away from phone couple of times It is absolutely correct to say that this is an answer to Netflix' Sacred Games.<br/><br/>I think the only difference, if we end up seeing after months b/w this show and SG would be because big names in Netflix may end up making us biased towards that show.<br/><br/>Patal Lok with no big names but with a good story till the end will keep you hooked up. I must say imho that the credit should go to direction and that makes the a complex story easy to follow , still intriguing and one to follow till you close.<br/><br/>I binged watched - 9 hrs ! Great writing. Acting is awesome. A little bit slow but I guarantee you will not loose interest even a bit. Was eagerly waiting for this show since last week.
Story is brilliant, highlights current scenario perfectly, everyone has acted brilliant. Throughout the series there is suspence, twist....but the ending couldn't satisfy, could have been better! Still I loved it and recommended to others,
Hope new season will come. This show is truly a masterpiece. You will never know when it will be completed when you start watching. It is well written and acting is so natural. Personally, I found the series clever and humorous.I think comparing it to sacred games 1 would be injustice, considering both equally great in their screenplay and performances.
What worked:
<ul><li>Neeraj Kavi as always was a treat to watch. Jaideep and Abhisek were phenomenal.</li><li>balanced screenplay and clever conclusion</li></ul>What did not work:
-some of us might feel the religious propaganda/ aspect to be a distraction and repetitive
Final verdict:
It is one of the few Indian series which leaves you satisfied and glad that you took the ride. Highly recommended. Amazing acting by Hatu ram Chaudhary ! After a long time, I can see such type of movies. What a classic act by jai deep ahlawat...And indian series is now on par with Hollywood... Good tidy screenplay!!... But maybe shorten 1-2 apisode by reducing some unnecessary side story.... Its has got everything to be one of the best crime series of recent times and actings were superb. With a feel good ending This one proves that the series which leave hundreds of questions in viewers' minds throughout as well as at end are not the only ones that are good. A must watch crime thriller series. Story is the king!!
All the characters have been brought to life by respective individuals. It is a must watch for dark cinema lovers. Jaideep Ahlawat hit this one out of the park. One of his best work Nice script, class of an acting by everyone & off course a great thriller.
Surely alteast one time watch. There was Netflix's sacred games, which can be summed up in one word - EPIC. But, it seems like Netflix has lost the plot, at least with Indian content since. This is where Amazon prime came in with Family Man, Mirzapur, Breathe, and now Paatal Lok. No hyped up commercial actors, just a great story and actors who put their heart and soul into the series. The series was very well set-up, paced, acted, and wrapped up. No irrationalities or jarring logical issues or character inconsistencies during the first viewing. Essential watching. Very very good! This is writing at its best. From the first scene itself you can see the palpable sense of tension.
The powerful acting and the production design. The realistic set design and costume design adds Midas touch to the show.
Music is there just to insinuate the emotions sowed by the writers deep down into the characters.
This show is character play at its best.
Never ever expected such a well written show to come from India.<br/><br/>Nothing feels more great than an well written character...<br/><br/>It is almost orgasmic to see a flawed, realistic and raw representation of a carefully crafted character...<br/><br/>Hathiram Choudhary is probably The One...<br/><br/>P.S. - And hard hitting for a reason. It hits you hard. Really good and gripping web series
It's a must watch and no one should miss it. One of the best web series in india.it will keep you in suspense till the last episode.brilliant acting done by all the actors.it also shows the truth of our society about the caste system. One of the best from Indian Series.... Raw Hard Hitting....Jaideep is simply outstanding with supporting cast giving their best. Amazon Prime is literally killing it..🔥🔥🔥
Pataal Lok is a just a masterpiece
All the cast were too good❤
Hoping for season 2❤ This series is nothing but a cinematic brilliance of hard-hitting issues with near perfect acting of whole starcast..One of the best web show after Sacred Games, Mirzapur and Asur.. Totally binge worthy. Absolutely speechless after seeing such a horrifying political Crime Thriller. The series which starts with the segregation of Heaven, Earth and Hell in the world itself between different classes of people. But with time everything mixes up. The series highlights how each and every official has the tendency to take their piece of pie in between conflicts. The series sheds light on the naked society and how the society sets up the crime, the criminal only commits it, is the main premise of the story. The performances were brilliant including Jaideep Ahlawaat, Neeraj Kabi, Swastika Mukherjee, M.R.Singh and many more but the showsteller was Abhishek Banerjee as Hathoda Tyagi. The storyline, execution was of top notch. If you wanna watch a top class political crime thriller then this is the one. Go for it. Just watch it , really brilliant dark series .Will leave you haunted showing the real face of our Indian society ,Brilliant cast no words to explain the performance.Watch it you will never regret it. I can safely say that this is the best series ever created in the history if indian television. You just can't miss this one What a drama...jaydev is marvellous. Tum kuch jyada hi bade wale chutiye nikle...😂.
Dialogues are crisp. It made me cry at many instances.truly spectacular series.
This series also tries to showcase the actual insides of our current Indian media. Paatal Lok is shocking real, intensely engaging, mind bending, eye opening, hammering, thrilling and relatable all at the same time. Story superb, screenplay superb, dialogues superp, acting superb, edit superb, direction superb. It is one of the best series of 2020. Money well spent by Anushka Sharma and the Clean Slate team. This is the type of content which the world deserves to see coming from India. I hope other OTTs learn from this. Netflix are you listening!! There's no shortage of talented content makers and this show proves it. A well written character based story will will keep you hooked till the end... A must watch
Ps- Anushka Sharma keep producing such good content. Quickly get to the point
Pros:
1) Story - a new and unexplored arc
2) Research - Immense research on characters
3) Mythological References make it more wannabe
4) Crude dialogues and conversation
5) Touched ignored dilemmas of society
6) Actors justified<br/><br/>This is it . . . Just go for it. You wont regret it..great storyline, superb acting and you will not get bored even for a second. This one is the best and worth watching show. The whole storyline remarkably touch the reality throughout the world. Something interesting after gaitonde. Jaideep Ahlawat got full marks for remarkable acting. I wish i could have spent more time with paatal lok. But only 9 episodes.
There is nothing like wrong news spreading attempts of any religion.
Current situation of our country has been narrated.
Neeraj kabi is too good. Love you parulikar. But the man of the match is a cop, Jaideep.
Gul panaag has a small role . I have referred some negative review but why they needed to complete all episodes if hated it.
Prime (Amazon) has a big hit this time.
& I won't tired in applauding Jaideep. Really..... 10/10..... It's a fantastic TV show. Intriguing characters with right amount of complexity with a mystery/thriller plot. There is definitely enough references to our country's current scenario and it had already pissed the right-wingers off. But, it's a scathing critique on liberals as well. I watched the series on the very first day it got released and let me tell you that the entire series is so gripping and amazing. The storyline is impeccable and the characters have multiple layers to them. Every actor has done a tremendous job in portaying their characters and not for even a single second you will feel that the story is lagging or having loose ends. There are so many raw scenes and a bit of nudity in some of the episodes which only makes the series so realistic and gullible at the same time. The series has touched all the topics existing in today's social and political era from gang rapes, contract murder, fake news created by media, political influences on the law and order of a state, oppression of muslim minority, etc. I mean you name it and the series has it and the best thing is that even after touching so many topics and issues the series for once doesn't feel like over load of information or out of the context story telling. If you guys have not watched it yet, I would definitely recommend you to watch this series as this is a pure work of good story telling, cinematography and ambitious direction. No doubt it's worth watching.....The acting Of jaideep ahlawat and Abhishek Mukherjee is simply out standing.....U will feel the thrill until the end....But there are few sex scenes in it so will not be able to watch it with family....IT has also few nude scenes in which the buttocks of the male actor is visible..
.Go watch and enjoy ..... Watch this series for a different story. I had to watch it because of Tyagi (my school time friend) and the show didn't disappoint me. The makers had given due respect to each of its character and built a good crime show.
To all the critics pointing out that the show is a propaganda to malign the Hindutva movement, i would say you failed to see the large picture here when its really heartbreaking to see the injustice done to low-caste in rural areas, incidence of child molestation etc. which lead them to enter the crime world and become just pawns for those who are in power. It's very good series. May be one of the best ever.
People crying propaganda and giving it one star rating are RW a**holes who would find propaganda in everything. Most of them haven't even seen it. It's one the finest pieces of cinema.
See for yourself before u judge it.<br/><br/>My verdict- 8.5 stars. Recommended. The well directed thrilled linked three loks to tell the present story of the life.it also gives the mesaage to society.I think the platform now amazon is showing is the worth watch.The acting played by all stars especially casting is well designed with huge packed thriller.Its worth watch do watch it One of the best TV series, Jaideep Ahalawat I'm a big fan after this.
I am not sure why some people are giving it low ratings as movies and tv series should be watched as a source of entertainment, there is no need to attach personal opinions with it. These people have this as their profession and should be rated on that not on their opinions. Paatol Lok is not a visual extravaganza nor is it a hot seat thriller . It is a genuine attempt to showcase the under belly and phoneyness of Indian class structures. Though sometimes it become loud and preachy on minority issues and caste dynamics ,its forgivable as the subtext of the story demands a bit of that too.
the actors are a revelation .Especially Jaideep and Abhishek who lived the narrative throughout ,never missing out on their character.
So to the brave attempt a 9 Every single event that's been shown in this show has happened in our country...from caste discrimination to islamophobia and how political parties use these against the people...uper jaati people don't want you to watch this show and so they're giving a rating of 1/10 which shows their panic ....from cinematography to screenplay and acting this show is a 10/10. This series is amazing .. All the actors done tremendous Job .. must watch This series is a masterpiece. The Jaideep Ahlawat is really good. Anyway, i really enjoyed watching this, you should try too. Brilliant show - brilliant story - brilliant acting - i would say one of the very few shows that hooks you up like nothing. Shock and awe (emphasis on desolateness,barbarousness and primal nature of human beings) Captivating yet mind blowing! speechless honestly, truly brilliant! Actors, stroyline, directing everything! My go to series to recommend. Wonderful, better than many web series on netflix or other platforms. Every character is well thought of, and every actor has performed that charatcer in the best possible way. Not a single scene which is not moving the story or of any low standard. Amazing. Proud that it's an Indian series. Hats off to writers, director, actors and every single person involved in making of this series. One of the truest reflection of India. The open dirty secret of India shown unapologetically. Very engaging, at first i was gonna let this pass but because of Neeraj kabi i went ahead and i don't regret it
P.S- ignore reviews of bhakta they salty. What is this is a testament to the courage and authenticity of the new creative India which finds its way through the corruption, oppression, political frustration and cow dung of the country. Its deals with the whole spectrum of the oppressed and minority. The "Katwa" muslim, the momo Shemale, the ever presence ISI and in all this is the only idealistic "HaanthRam". It's honesty which does not shy away from obscenely to make you uncomfortable. Technically it could have been better in terms of editing and camerawork but the acting shadows such flaws.<br/><br/>Mohit is outstanding to say the least. Such an unused raw talent. the scene where he walks out after suspension and when he his immediate guilt on the use the word "Katwa" are testament to the vast range of emotions he is capable of being true to while acting.
The guy playing his kid shows sparks of brilliance as well.
Even the woman constable is never out of the frame.
The dialogue are crisps, short and well timed.<br/><br/>There are so many nuances to story writing like exposition and character development that are so well taken care of.<br/><br/>I have been living in the USA for sometime now, and don't get to see Indian series much. But i am glad i saw this.<br/><br/>Inspiring to say the least!! It's a great combination of truth, politics and crime. Another masterpiece by Amazon Prime ðŸ˜˜. Don't waste 8 hrs ending is waste, I wasted time...,......... This is a well written, acted and directed series. Yes, there is a lot emphasis on atrocities of the minorities (LGBT, Muslims, Dalits), but is that wrong or incorrect? Not necessarily. Keeping this aside (if you don't prefer to indulge in discussing the reality of the world), the series still clicks, the screenplay is gripping and the story builds till the last moment. However, I think the climax could've been a little different, but thats maybe because they wanted to put one more season in the picture. Overall a must watch (not with Family) specially when we all have so much time to kill at our homes Great Writing. Great Acting and Great Filmmaking.
This was done quite well around. A full 10/10. 6 hour 30m and 33sec will pass so easily like you couldn't be able to imagine how fast the time goes. Each episode is full of thriller and suspance. Loved it ðŸ’Ÿ Gripping hold to strory. The thriller, the twist, the story got me stuck to my seat. I hesitated even missing a single scene. The casting was brilliant. It brought out the true flavour of India, showing the colours of media, politics, police. It sets a bench mark up so high for competition. And this is great news for viewers that they are seeing such content. Sets new standard of web series
Really must watch
Contain Based ,dailogues u will remember after weeks Jaideep Ahlawat.
What a performance. paatal lok is one of the best series.
Main plot is great all actors have done great job.
Other than hathi , ansari ,DCP, mehra's characters are layered and well written.<br/><br/>Just need to ignore some cringe,cliche,surface level, one sided , "feminism" "sickulirism" "equality" sub plots. Normally i never write reviews. But after watching this series it compelled me to write.
What a series!!!!!!. A big round of applause for the writing department and the direction team.Hands down till now this is the best Indian web series i have watched, leave Indian till now the best story line i have ever seen. a thrilling and pulse grappling story. the way the director took the story with the twists and turns. kudos to the whole team.M eagerly waiting for more films or series from these directors. I am not sure why some reviewers are calling it Hindu phobic? Just because of one scene where Muslim family is beaten by saffron clad goons just because the family was eating meat, and that too chicken not beef? Or perhaps they were expecting the villains to be usual jihadi terrorIst? One of the best series I've watched. The acting, the story just all done so well.I just needed to say this: Best TV show in TV history until today and probably ever.Can't wait for season 2!! Outrage shock scandals affairs gore violence primal and medieval urges slaps and the infamous sex scenes why you ask? because we the consumers crave all of the above we thrive on this, Anushka Sharma and her team have done a fabulous job of creating this web series, which is a very engaging political thriller. The best thing about this series is the fact that a team of really strong writers worked in this. The main showrunner Sudip Sharma is the man behind movies like Udta Punjab, NH 10 and Sonchiriya. Hence, we get a show with a lot of layers. It's a show which has a lot of depth, which has lot to say to it's viewers regarding the current socio political setup of the country. It may be offending to some, as I can already see that people are strategically down voting the series, calling it biased, anti nationalist etc. Well, the show is exactly about these things. These people are a living proof that whatever has been shown in the show happens in today's India. This is not a dystopian vision of India, neither does it depict our country in that state of utopia, which the people down voting it here make it out to be.It shows bitter reality.
The performances, especially that of Jaideep Ahlawat and Abhishek Banerjee are fantastic.
Overall, I would say this is another show with good content from Amazon prime. They are really doing a good job. Keep it up! This series has redefined the story telling, content and screenplay. Don't read reviews. Go and watch it.
It's amazing. No, it is not a propaganda series.
Good plot, storytelling and direction.
Must watch. Amzazon Prime is lately coming up with very interesting series like Panchaayat, Upload and now with Paatal Lok. Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy has given their best from this series. It is one of the best crime thriller.<br/><br/>Story/Screenplay<br/><br/>A high profile journalist from leading TV channel is planned to be murdered by 4 criminals but CBI catches them before they could attempt that plan. Case is handed over to local police where Hathi Ram Chaudhary played by "Jaideep Ahlawat" is an inspector who has been given the responsibility to solve this case of conspiracy of murder. As this is what you see in first episode, but the remaining 8 episodes are powerful , riveting and binge watch worthy. This is one of the most balance and no - nonsense series I have recently come across. I can definitely include Sacred Games, Asur and Mirzapur to be a bit too much just to titillate audience. As the story is about one crime which unfolds many different stories about different characters the screenplay is smart and makes sure that you are invested in it throughout. It has almost everything, you can call every cliched' aspect but still it manages to be fresh and raw. You call it Muslim angle, representation, LGBTQ, Caste system, power of politics, father-son tussle, even animal love surprisingly you are with every story even if you see a rap music starts to play in a village of Punjab.<br/><br/>Direction<br/><br/>Please check the link about the Directors, but I must mention that both the directors Avinash Arun & Prosit Roy have given their soul to this. You see uncanny peacefulness and their are moment where you see their is something big is going to happen and the clock is ticking for that. Realism and compelling is the key for their success in this one.<br/><br/>Others<br/><br/>I must highlight Dialogues of the series, what a gem it has given. Dialogues are fresh, funny, unheard of and real. Camerawork is also top notch and it directly take you to the place from first scene. Background music and Rap song is really good and goes with the story line.<br/><br/>Actors<br/><br/>I have always loved these actors, I can be really biased. But I am genuinely telling every one is really good. I must say Jaideep Ahlawat is at his best. Jaideep Ahlawat take a bow!!! Sadly I don't see him as many movies or series but he has done excellent job. Ishwaq Singh playing new Inspector Imran Ansari is also pretty good. , Abhishekh Banerjee playing Tyagi is effective and menacing. He delivers what he should have done. Gul Panag, Vipin Sharma, Rajesh Sharma, Mairembam Ronaldo Singh do their job with utmost sincerity. You can not say any other actor could have replaced anyone. The casting has been excellent.<br/><br/>Overall<br/><br/>I am super glad to say that my earlier blog about Top 5 reason to watch Paatal Lok was already been seen by many and appreciate that my instinct about the series was right. Nevertheless I can not claim to have any reason to understand the powerful story behind this crime thriller. The way they have placed DOG in this story is amazing and master stroke.This is superb series and better than few stupid series like "Four More Shots Please" which stupidly talks about feminism. So please watch this and give these directors and actors what they deserve. Thank you Anushka Sharma's Clean Slate production house to start their first web series with such a wonderful script. Kudos to you again!!!<br/><br/>Must Watch of #AmazonPrimeIndia,<br/><br/>Image used for awareness purpose Awesome Web series. A must watch.A wonderful combination of Thriller , Suspense & Action. Like many others... I have been watching Netflix, prime, HBO, Hulu, etc since the inception and after so much of fine television & cinema work, we think that we have seen it all.... And then comes Paatal Lok.
It's one of the darkest and disturbing TV show and sometimes it becomes difficult to watch but then you look beyond and see how difficult it must have been to film it. I could never imagine a Indian TV series could be so brilliant, so amazing that whatever I have seen in the past looks weak and to an extent... Lame!
This is the best Indian TV series by a long shot and one of the best in the world... If not the best!
The research work done on this is just ridiculous, things which have been shown in this can't be imagined if someone hasn't gone through them. The direction, the acting, the cinematography... Everything is top notch and the very best! The bar they have now set for Indian television would be difficult to beat.
Hat's off to pull off something so incredible, so real that it will go down as one of the best every made. Truly a Masterpiece! There are so many movies and series where they play a Haryanavi guy. In most of those, I ended up complaining about their accent. They try hard to sound Haryanavi.<br/><br/>But this guy, Haathi Ram (Jaideep), was just perfect. Dialog delivery was flawless. It felt as if I was surrounded by old friends from my hometown (Rohtak). He did justice to the character. Some may say it is too abusive. But, that's how people are back home. But at heart he is always a nice guy and tried to the right thing like most people in this lovely state, Haryana.<br/><br/>Story itself is very good. A nice plot telling how the most horrifying criminals are made by community.<br/><br/>Well done! A must watch! Story-telling at its best! You gotta binge watch this one over the weekend if you haven't already! If Netflix has Sacred Games, Prime Video have got Mirzapur and now Paatal Lok! Crime thriller genre at its finest! 👍🏻👍🏻<br/><br/>The script is top-notch! The scenes are complex and realistic at the same time! The cast is amazing! I gotta mention that Jaideep Ahlawat has outdone himself and all other stars in this series! Spectacular performance! 👏🏻👏🏻<br/><br/>All in all a very good show to binge watch! Good to see Anushka Sharma investing in such quality content! Kudos to the team! #CleanSlateFilms Right from the word go, a fabulous story...balances the storylines of elite, middle class and the underbelly very well... One of its one kind. original, mind blowing and Darkest-thriller is a binge worthy watch. Released during lockdown and one cannot expect a better mixture of thrill, violence, 'family and friends Thing' and a disturbed past. The originality of characters and their acting takes it to the new level. If you are fan of original content with mix of real life scenarios, then tick it off your bucket list as soon as possible. It's a clear propaganda to show Hindus in badlight. I watched 9 episodes at a time... absolutely loved it... acting is perfect.....after 3 episodes it gets little slow but then picks up afterwards.... A must watch indeed. And thanks to AmazonPrime for bringing great series this year. One of the best thriller webseries in the recent time. Must watch Well at the outset, I can't express my joy of watching such an incredible show. Stellar Performances especially by Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Banerjee and supporting cast. Gripping storyline, Life like Real incidences. I bet you can't stop yourself from watching all the 9 episodes in one go. Kudos to the Actors, Writers and Everyone in the team. This show is going to achieve "CULT" Status in Indian Cinema. Truely amazing and entertaining from the very first minute to the last of the final episode. I will say this is the best season i have ever seen among the globally top rated seasons. The underrated actors have nailed it. You will surely watch the full season in one go after starting the first episode. It will keep you grabbed very tightly till the last episode. Just watch it. Such a brilliant piece of work by the whole team. Absolutely gripping, finished in 2 sittings. Jaideep Ahlawat was just so real into the character, for that matter I loved pretty much all the characters. It's a very well written, screenplay is outstanding. If you love thrillers then this is for you. Waiting for the 2nd season already. Dont misunderstand the title, its not remotely "Inspired" from true detective.
It shows Zeitgeist of Indian Society especially in last 6-7 years where only propaganda is created with entire system police, administration, judiciary and media joining hands.
Through the course of investigation series shoes ugly truth of Communal and Castist society, also power driven hungry and corrupt politicians and media persons...
Jaideep Alhawat has done a commendable job and should bag more roles after this blockbuster series also Neeraj Kabi does a good job playing his role.
My big disappointment was though a smal role for talented actress like Swastika Mukherjee who plays it fantastically.
A must watch esp in lockdown... 9.5/10 All time blockbuster webseries. Complete in one sitting and trust me i never thought about skip some second of any parts . Great series. Well directed. Superbly cast. A very realistic screenplay and story about corruption, greed and lust for power at every level of society.<br/><br/>Anushka Sharma is a very intelligent producer. She has backed a solid project.<br/><br/>All the high ratings are very well deserved. Keeps you engaged from start to finish.<br/><br/>Ignore all the poor ratings and reviews. I read most of them and they all seem to be written by the same person or at least the same kind of people. The language used in those reviews says it all. They're all part of the "Hindu Khatre Mein Hai' crowd who have graduated from Amit Malviya's WhatsApp University.<br/><br/>The acting by Jaideep Ahlavat, Niraj Kabi, Niharika Lyra Dutt, Ishwak Singh and Abhishek Banerjee is deserving of critical acclaim.<br/><br/>Great Series. A worthy binge-watch. Best background of all character described deeply shows the quality of direction Worst in all aspects. No need to watch if you are reading this review. Acting & Dialogues are good. Anushka doing a great job Wow so much thrill an amazing web series not to be missed. Amazon prime does it again by giving a amazing show to watch kudos. Don't go for bad reviews which contains hindu muslim word. I think and must say the best webseries till now in Indian Industry & whole team worked hard to brought this masterpiece to Indian community because it's not made to spread hate. It's all about truth and and how good and bad peoples are in reality. Must watch for those who liked sacred games bcoz it's far better then sacred games & at last i very rarely give reviews Short review: Paatal Lok is what you get when film makers and writers don't have their hands tied by censorship board. This is the answer to those who ask why doesn't India have Scorsese or Tarantino.<br/><br/>Okay yes this is not any Tarantino level stuff but we are getting there. No one can deny this isn't a step in that direction. Prime is working fast and hard to give us content that till now only Netflix used to possess. In the OTT wars we are the winners. All 9 episodes are worth your time. Jaideep Alhawat is terrific and on top of every scene. Gul Panag and Neeraj Kabi work hand in hand with Jaideep. Special mention to child actors. India really has started to cast proper junior actors recently.<br/><br/>There are many messages to take, many discussions to have. This show doesn't pull any punches to show stark reality. Backstories of every character is brutally explored and some will punch you in the gut.<br/><br/>I hope there is a season 2 and we see more of these fine actors.<br/><br/>P. S. It gives me joy to see reviews from those who need immediate supply of burnol. This is a Superbbb webseries. They have described rawness of its characters. Everybody have done a Superbbb acting. But i like most Hathoda Tyagi , Neeraj Kabi, Jaideep Ahlawt and offcourse four guys who accused of this trap.Hathoda Tyagi have played a Mindblowing character. But one thing disappointed me its end😢. Overall its a Mindblowing series you will definitely lost in Patal Lok.👍👍👍 Good to see mature stories coming from Bollywood, I was not about to find any flaw in the series. No unnecessary sleazy scenes, top of the acting, controllers violence scene as needed and a potboiler thriller..not targeting any community or religion or politics party unlike some of the overhyped high starrer web seriess in India...liked it..cause of acting and suberb direction and the underlying message delivery style...nice work No one was hero here but every one performed thier best.
10/10 for story It's hold you till end One can say that u r lockdown is awesome if you are watching Haryanvi dialogues delivery was so perfect.
This series is just a mirror to our system, politics and our religious mentality.how our bad system changes everyone life. They have done an excellent work portraying the characters,, steady thriller and keeps you wonder,, great job.. netflix should watch these indian series,, Jaideep Ahlawat ! you rock..
A gritty thriller that keeps you hooked until the very end. And its not whodunnit ..its just the direction, the character development and superb acting. The relationships are beautifully developed ... superiors, colleagues, sons and spouses .The juxtaposition of urban and rural was very well handled..
Some of "left liberal saale" and eternal victim effect does come in fray which could have been avoided as it was unnecessary to story line, but what the heck.. its directors baby :) ..he is allowed his FOE ! The writing, editing, acting and direction are soooooo good . It's like the dish, that you savior so much , that you want suck the last drop out of it..
Best part is , it doesnt spoon feed you information . So you have to be all attentive and cant miss out even a single moment Hate toword right , Muslim victimization hate it performance was good but the idea it trying to put is not.... A nice left leaning story which degrades Hindu community. A good Muslim cop humiliated by fellow Hindus, Hindu militant mob, innocent Muslim framed as terrorists by Hindu Baeurocracy. A nice looking Muslim guy lynched by Hindu mob, a liberal reporter, a dalit guy forced to becoming criminal by upper caste goons, a transgender becoming criminal because of homophobic Hindu society, Perfect story for liberal upper middle class population. Direction: Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy has done brilliant job behind the camera as they have created parallel world to Gangs of Wasseypur. But it has Left - Right and Hindu- Muslim clashes which are too much to irritate the audience.<br/><br/>Performance: Jaideep Ahlawat and Abhishek Banerjee steal the show with their career's the best performances. Neeraj Kabi is also in good in touch. There is great show in terms of supporting performances by Ishwak Singh, Niharika Lyra Dutt, Rajesh Sharma, Swastika Mukherjee, Jagjeet Sandhu, Akash Khurana, Anup Jalota and Savitri(Dog).<br/><br/>Script: After Asur, trailer of Paatal Lok gave hint for another mythological based crime drama series. However it is totally disappointed with the genre except web-series title Paatal Lok. It started with some crime and then drill down to history of crime and ended with pre-mature conclusion. In final episode, audience need more crispy and nail-biting thriller. One good thing about script is they have utilized each and every character in this series even dog.<br/><br/>Last words: Definitely there are many points which can be improved to make it worth binge watch web-series. From what I can understand.
The moral of the story is be kind to dogs. Apart from the sexual violence that should've have have been preceded with a disclaimer or Trigger warning, the writing is terrific and captivating, truly exposes the communal prejudices that exist in India and the how our Brahmanical patriarchal society marginalises and demonises an entire community who get thrown into violent crimes. Undeniably one of the most compelling series to ever come out of of the country and a story that needed to be told, the amount of hate from the BJP IT cell towards this piece of art is a testament at how honest it was. Kudos to the entire team for being so fearless at portraying the dehumanisation of a large cross section of Indian society. LOVE IT, PLEASE MAKE MORE!! First off, the cast is stellar and top notch performances to see in the web series. The plot is interesting and holds all its convoluted innards in place till about the last few episodes. Albeit the violence and brutality is palpable in some scenes, but then again the overall tone is almost out of a police files. The side plots are well knitted into the main story arc, and the characters feel organic. Dialogues don't feel forced. Themes of crime and social degeneration are well depicted.
Understandably the series hits too close to home for some people and hence all the controversy. It definitely deserves better than 7.5 stars. Maybe closer to 8.5 Very good acting and direction. A different story line. Shows the truth behind our lives. How twisted and evil some people can be. This show definitely did a tremendous job in portraying the evils in our society. Definite recommend. There are few things when you saw, read, hear and after that your mind stuck onto that thought for hours those things takes over your thoughts.. PAATAL LOK is that thought..
Excellent direction,writing,cinematography, editing, acting
Everything is here Family drama, Action,Thrill, suspense, social issues, personal issues, corporate issues, DESIness, everything here but always connects the story. It keeps you in a Box.
Thrilling climax and ending makes you judge your favourable character..But afterall it's The Patal lok The story is gripping and worth every minute. Just shows why you should not see this world via a Black Vs White lens. Everyone has darker side and everyone has human side. Perfect!! I watched this and just couldn't stop pausing between episodes. What aFantastic script writing, screenplay and well-etched characters. Awesome direction and great performances by all the actors. Jaideep Ahlwat deserves special mention. Neeraj Nabi is flawless too. I cannot believe Indian directors and script writers can pull something off like this with precision. Two days after watching this, I still cannot get over this. Just too good in my opinion. Paatalok is mix of everything that a cinema freak can ask for. Great performance by Jaideep, truly deserves more opportunities in future. It's a must watch for sure. Ratings are being pulled down by bhakts who relate everything with religion..1min silence for those . :-p Keeps you hooked on till the last , Jaideep sir's acting is something very natural and I just can't have enough of him. Great concept and kudus to full team ,cheers ! Indian web series are getting better day by day. This is such a outburst of politics and crime. Just wonderful writing, exposing the true social and political structure of this country. Very brave and responsible web series. A must watch. Casts & storyline are really impressive. Loved it!.. and can't wait for second season ðŸ’¯ Lots of interesting characters, plot-twists will be welcoming you. I've watched only like 3 episodes and I am already hooked to it. Totally recommend watching this. I loved this series The casting is top notch,action is great,camera work is excellent.every episode is just awesome..i m sure u will love it definitely This is the best series of india. I can't explain the happiness of watching this series Many scenes were disturbing but it made all the more impactful in realism. It makes me sad to say that we need shows that show reality.<br/><br/>Script and dialogue were top notch.<br/><br/>Acting by the main character was silly good. Shame on bjp it cell they are down rating the show.. this show is gold.. bjp it cell is shameless they don't rate their own show.. they have petty employees working for them who do these jobs for them.. bjp it cell is pathetic .. shame on them.. this show is pure gold.. best show ever The best series till date and a must watch, after asur this series blown my mind I really like the story of paatal Lok . You should also look Blown away by the performance and direction..a story is simple but very gripping Story is all about Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary(who wants to do big Crime Case of his career, refers his working zone as Paatal Lok to his Junior Imran Ansari). On the other hand, 4 suspects get busted by police on Most Famous Signature Bridge of Delhi in a fail assassination attempt of a well known TV journalist Sanjeev Mehra(Neeraj Kabi). The guy playing his assistant Ansari is another gem of the show. Don't miss to watch This is what content mean ..story , acting, action drama everything is good The series is awesome and story is really mysterious .I love this movie.My interest was increasing when series is goes on.Acting is superb of all the actors.The ending has surprised me so much. What a series, dosent seems like an Indian production... Speechless... Awesome, just love the series, so thrilling and interesting, plot is so good it will make you love the show Simply WOW ! Kudos to the mind of the makers, storyline, cast.Hands down one of the best shows i've ever seen. Acting +story line is superb ..Love this series.. very good making, great actors, and a fascinating story! "Without any second though Paatal Lok is a Masterpiece.I love the performances of the full cast everyone is so natural
and perfect with each take." In short, IT'S A MASTERPIECE!! 😍 Every single episode is full of suspense, you don't feel like there are any filler episodes. Totally unexpected, exciting, thrilling and yet full of action, smart but grounded and realistic series.Love all the characters specially Abhishek Banerjee I recommend this series for every single one it's one of the greatest things that i ever watched how the characters were chosen and the story is great Webseries of this kind is worth watching.i suggest everyone and my friends too to watch this kind of web series best time kill watch. Fantastic story and character development. Simply the best TV show ever made. Am amazed!!! What a series!!Best series ever, recommended to everyone, you won't regret it! This is simply one of the best shows I have ever watched in this genre. Must see! WOW! JUST WOW!!!This is truly a binge watching series. I couldn't stop watching until the very end. Great direction ... narration .... character selection and script
Good to watch series
Four shots team ..learn from paatal lock how to Fullfill viewers The chemistry between the actors was unbelievable, and the relationships between the characters were heart-breaking. Multiple character attributes to one specific character (aggrandizing stereotypes be it the drunken wife beating bad cop with a broken home or the silent and self righteous vishal tyagi) This series keeps you on the edge of your seat at all times. Great amount of action and meaningful messages along the way! Highly recommend it A roller coaster ride,Every episode will make you want to see more. Amazing mind blowing masterpiece. This is one of the greatest Tv series that I have seen in the last a few years. I persistently recommend you to watch it Story is tightly webbed and the way many preconceptions about religions, and social treatment coz of casteism in India is shown extremely well. A Gritty big plot is divided and well connected to three worlds delicately. This show is amazing, truly a piece of art.Do yourself a favor and watch this series. Mindblowing, speechless, amazing. It is a must watch web series, with great performances special by Jaideep Ahlawat (Hathi Ram Chaudhary), Ishwak Singh (Imran Ansari ), Neeraj Kabi (Sanjeev Mehra) and Abhishek Banerjee (Hathoda Tyagi). This is very best TV show. I think all are parson watching this show. And enjoying your weekend. I like to this show and very excited to watching this show. Now, story starts unfolding it's layers and you get to know background of all 4 suspects and how Hathi Ram's investigation unlatches a dark secret. Refers Ram Chaudhary working zone as Paatal Lok to his Junior Imran Ansari. On the other hand, 4 suspects get busted by police in a fail assassination attempt of a well known TV journalist Sanjeev Mehra. Really fantastic series. Best suspens thriller. I really loved this. I am sure you will love it ❤🔥🔥 Story begins with a honest cop Hathi Ram Chaudhary, who is misspending his career on small and ordinary cases, The series is superb ! Totally Impressed with Paatal Lok, A Dark Crime Geo Political thriller drama with typical real Indian Elements. Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER
Mind Blowing Movie Jhakss Superhit BLOCKBUSTER Crime Thriller Suspense Brutally directed, powered by awesome performance and it is a tribute to Crime Thriller Drama. Really fantastic series. Best suspens thriller. I really enjoyed it. Best one 🔥❤❤ Loved the way it ended. What a show. Definitely unmissable. Jaideep Ahlawat is such a star. I really loved this series. Such a best suspens and story.❤ This Is Very exciting .Must watch
Don't.miss it ..I like this This is the series of all times and I love it will recommend it to others as well Binge watched all the episodes of Patal lok.. A must watched series with all the best actor present.. Story of every character is just amazingly shown.. Also, covered all the issues present in the country.. Best web series i ever see in the OTT . Best acting by all the actors.
Really amazing. If you are fan of crime or indi-political then this is the one. story involves with terrorism, Hindu-Muslim,Brahman-Dalits. this is much better than what we have seen with sacred games or family man. Gotta admit this is by far the best series to come out of OTT platform in India . Totally satisfying show with a lot of adrenaline rush points. Jaideep Ahlawat, I'm a fan now !!
Guys give it a shot . Best it was I Normally dont write reviews, but after binge watching this entire series in one night, felt the awesomeness of the series had to be applauded.<br/><br/>To start with it was very real - Characters, Locations, Accent, clothing etc were on dot. This added a strong closeness with reality.<br/><br/>Unlike some movies or series there is no happy ending, or revenge or promotions or medals. It is what it is. Not to make a viewer happy, but keep him excited, eager and make the story as close to a practical life.<br/><br/>Now about the cast - as the lead Jaideep Alahwat has delivered a act of his lifetime. every scene is perfect, powerful and as real as it gets. The entire cast is nicely cast. Kudos to the team for a brilliant acting performance.<br/><br/>Finally, when it comes down to it, Pataal Lok cuts through its own clutter and shows things as it is.. each character a creature of his circumstance, and gets us to ask: is anyone purely evil? Let's ask the Dog.. It shows the current and future reality of India. The issues that are bogging down India are also visible in few episodes.<br/><br/>The creators really had a story to tell. The show was realism at its finest unlike Sacred Games which didn't really have a clear or crisp story except they just wanted to make a edgy show because there are not much restrictions on Netflix. Just binge watched and completely satisfied with the story , direction and effortless acting of every cast. I can say this is the best show on Amazon Prime this year. This show is as real as it can get. It shows the true face of our society and how the evil still lurk under this great facade be it the casteism or the racism.
I dont know why the right wing is getting triggered by this show as nothing about this show is anti hindu.
Although these bad reviews are reflecting the true face of this venomous people who can only see a thing pro hindu or anti hindu.
Coming to acting shows main protagonist jaydeep ahlawat has finally got a role worthy of his calibre for which i thank the casting team And the producers.
Neeraj kabi is the actor whose projects i look after too..he is a tremendous actor and does all kind of roles at equal perfection.
Actor who played inspector imran was so natural
Othe actors were great too at their roles standouts were cheeni, tope singh, dolly.. even kabeer m with his small role..
Story was beautifully written.
So don't mind the haters as their hate does not come off because its a bad show albeit beacuse of there own political affliction .go ahead and treat yourself this week with this great show.
Also a big thanks to anushka sharma who produced this show.you showed again that you are the future of this entertainment industry..looking forward to your new project. This web series is very realistic and very close to today's scenario of our country All actors played their role to the fullest and will bind you till ending. This Cop Thriller is must watch specially role played by Cop - Hathi Ram Chaudhary by Jaideep Ahlawat (previous movies done - Raazi,Commando & Gangs of Wasseypur). One of the best series I have watched so far!!! Absolutely Loved It!!! Absolutely fantastic & a must watch series. The characters are very realistic with all their flaws n rawness. The story is unique. Overall you should definitely give this a try! Absolutely fantastic in all departments;
Writing, direction, performances, background scores, editing, production values. As people are saying this is left liberals propoganda,malign one community,Bigotry against upper caste bla bla bla...<br/><br/>My suggestion to these people when you travel across India. Particularly across villages in India you will find same cases that happened in the past and it is still happening.The politicians are in favour of corruption and nepotism.You may see the recent verdict of the supreme court and you may find something is wrong in the verdict.<br/><br/>The director has covered the story of the politicians, Rich businessmen, Middle class people, Criminals.This is what happening in the real India.<br/><br/>As bureaucrat said in the last if one doesn't fit in the system then they(powerful politicians) will just replace him with someone. But they make sure that the job gets done. So this will remain forever and won't change. Nobody gonna change this.<br/><br/>So please accept the truth. Worth watching. Fantastic story and acting, not for beginners Truly gripping, raw thriller! Great story, amazing acting and direction. The story revolves around how an honest Delhi cop was pulled into an investigation surrounding the conspiracy to murder a journalist. As the officers Hathi Ram and Imran tries to connect the dots and unravel the mystery, they realize all is not what it seems to be! Excellent all round performance. Hats off to the team. Top Indian series for 2020 so far These webseries is one of the best that came out of india..<br/><br/>Its gripping and everything else is top notch too - acting, screenplay, writing, casting and the best part is story telling.. Yes it has some nudity, some f and c words, some horrid scenes.. however compared to other webseries the content of Paatal Lok outweighs all negative things about this show.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor.. Go watch it. This will never disappoint you even once. Gripping, layered, hauting and absolutely powerful socio-political thriller which plunges into underbelly of society and darkness of human heart unflinchingly... truly modern-day classic! Very well-crafted story for a crime thriller. The making was even more crafty. The inside message about the rotten system, society & government proves the courage of the makers to make this happen. Paatal Lok is well defined show that is strongly scripted, attached with subliminal propensities. Fans of Sacred Games, Mirzapur, Gangs of Wasseypur and even The Family Man will appreciate the content. But let it be said - that it is realistic, well thought out and it gains strength to strength. I took 24 hours to finish the show. I suggest you take no longer. Some power house performances from men who have since earned the right for their names to be remembered by heart. So many characters, well woven; this is excellent, deep and beyond cynical reproach. My rating of 10 is wholly deserved. The Best and most REALISTIC looking show for the longest time.....much much better than the super loud/flamboyant/unrealistic and greatly overrated "Sacred Games" and kudos to the makers to cast Jaideep Ahlawat....the most and I mean it the most underrated actor in Hindi films. A very 'Fincheresque' look at the wicked underbelly of Delhi and the adjoining cow belt. Not that this has not been done before, but this seems so refreshingly well written and executed on screen that its almost unputdownable once you start watching it.
It is based on the book by Tarun Tejpal 's 2009 novel, The Story of My Assassins.
Excellent layered story and well etched characters with varying shades of grey.
Paatal Lok, is told from the viewpoint of a washed-out cop played by Jaideep Ahlawat who gets a case which he thinks is his chance at glory and promotion. When we first meet him he is, like Morgan Freeman's Detective Somerset in Se7en, giving a rookie a rambling lecture on the irredeemable nature of human beings. Jaideep Ahlawat has really given the performance of a lifetime.
I do not want to give the story but just wanted to highlight that within the story there is so much subtle commentary on the sad situation in today's majoritarian India. The bigotry, greed, hypocrisy, class and religious divide in India is excellently blended into the script. The corporatisation of the media industry is an idea that is also explored through a subplot. In fact, there are so many themes, plots and subplots in this, you are extremely overwhelmed watching it.
The characters have been very well enacted especially say, the rookie Muslim cop Ansari who must put with the casual bigotry in the workplace while still passionately doing his job with unflinching honesty. All the 4 criminals who have been brutalized in the past by their circumstances especially the hammer wielding Hathoda Tyagi are also very well enacted. In a majoritarian society, they are from the wrong caste, religion and sexuality. However they are all vital for the kind of dirty work that nobody else wants to do and disposable too.
The only gripe could be the gruesome violence, sex and expletives used. But I guess the writers wanted the viewer to feel the horror and make them flinch.
Paatal Lok is an intense exploration of Indian society both its immorality but also its redeeming qualities.
This is a must watch for anyone. Amazon has done to Indian film industry what Netflix couldnt. While Netflix has bren delivering duds one after another, Amazon has been consistently bringing out great content which can and will bring glory to Indian filmmaking globally.
Coming back to the series, it is gripping, hard hitting and enjoyable. Showing the eternal complexities of the "system" in which everyone is but a cog in the wheel. While the system cant be changed, few good men do try and do things differently but fail.
A dark and foreboding tale of our times and for all times to come. Reviewing Paatal Lok.<br/><br/>"Ye jo duniya hain na, ye ek nahi teen duniya hain, sabse upar swarg lok jisme devta rehte hain, beech mein dharti lok, jisme admi rehte hain, aur sabse niche paatal lok, jisme keede rehte hain- waise sastro mein likha hain, maine whatsapp mein padha tha". And the show starts.
Paatal lok is nothing but the Outer Jamuna Paar Police Station as described by inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhury, our protagonist here. He's being Paatal Lok for fifteen years but there's no scope in his career.
But as the show progress we see the real Paatal lok which is the real India itself.
Paatal Lok is harshly political and shows the value of power and system in India within.
The show starts with Delhi police capturing four suspects at the express highway for planning to kill a famous journalist Sanjeev Mehra played extraordinarily by Neeraj Kabi.
The four suspects and their history are the harsh truth of 'hindustan' and emotionally captured by the makers. You will be stunned and feel for them for what they are.
Paatal Lok shows the power, conspiracy, betrayal and the system itself. It catches you and despite of having layer stories you will not be diverted a bit.
A story of investigation, bureaucracy, truth of media, rural politics, a father son relationship and religion.
Jaideep Ahlawat as Hathi Ram Chaudhury is mind blowing. He always sees himself as a Chutiya but the audience may not agree with him. His father-son-father relationship portrays the lower middle class confusions and frustrations in the society. At one point he continuously slams, curses and throws all his frustrations in front of his son, and that scene is hilarious.
Neeraj Kabi as Sanjeev Mehra has created a tone of sharpness and delivers what-is-known-but-unknown in the media.
Swastika Mukherji does not deliver what she is capable of.
Ishwak Singh as sub inspector Imran Ansari has done a tremendous work.
A lot of others have done justice with their role and Avishek Banerjee as Vishal Hatoda Tyagi is bluntly superb.
But the creators have done justice with the character analysis of the four suspects and their stories.
Directors Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy, and creator Sudip Sharma did not focus on a happy note; and thus Paatal Lok doesn't have an end.
At the end only the viewers can watch the whole scenario and maybe they can enter into the system itself: Paatal Lok. It would be the best webseries if they have given enough screens to hathaudya tyagi, masterji & villains & removed some media parts. editing was average because of that first 3 episodes were too slow. Direction, screenplay, acting & writing was excellent that's the positive point of this series. Overall it was good content. Because of some flaws I'm giving 8/10 I am shocked to see how quickly people have reacted and called this anti hindu etc.<br/><br/>As an IPS officer I want to say don't be fooled, it is hardcore, and gritty. Lest you want to see something escapist such as sacred games, this show is a masterpiece. Just honest and true to how things are. Dark story. Dark characters and fabulous actors. A brilliant series. Raw. Untamed. Ruthless. Loved it. It took me 3 days to complete this series due to its same old concept storyline where a suspended cop carry out the investigation alone and more thn smart thn whole CBI team. unnecessary Hindu bashing series where Hindu people shown as most cruel and responsible for Muslim to become terrorist but Director is not aware about terrorism outside India where there is no Hindu population , unnecessary rape and sexual scene which was also not required at all. Over All bad series ..not recommended One of the best crime thrillers of all time.
The near to perfect script and gripping story.
There are some scenes where Sanjeev Mehra is briefed, Sara is always present which questions the confidentiality of police or CBI way of presenting. Rest is impeccable One of the best series I've seen. Every single episode is more exciting than the other one A gem of a TV show.This covers everything you need in a TV show with action, thriller, suspense,and love This is one of the best series ever.No show can match this level of intelligence and the suspense. It's worth spending time watching this show This turns out to be a high profile case and lands up to the Hathi Ram's table which gives him a chance to proof himself worthy. Superb acting and screenplay with topics relevant in these times A must watch series...see the acting ..hathi ram choudhary...<br/><br/>Last two episode are amazing u will connect all incidents..that will blow ur mind.<br/><br/>Locations are almost real. This show is so good that many Indians can't face the reality and are giving 1 star .
Don't be misled by them. Just watch it and decide yourself.
And if you are here just to know about Story, Cast, Acting , Direction etc then i must say everything is 10 out of 10 . Brilliant acting by all cast, story is also inspired by ongoing events that make to the headlines in the media regardless if it is the truth or not. Good thing it is an online web series, it wouldn't have been passed by censor board otherwise, kudos to the makers, hope more is yet to come. Very engaging, superb acting, and far far better then Sacred Game and Mirzapur One of the best series ever made
some r trying to say its paropoganda dudes common if u feel any parpoganda file a case on amazone but u people never won u know veey well Awesome series jaydeep ahlawat strong player of this series.. all actors has given there 100% .. Initially I thought it will some as to Asur( mythologically linked) but It blow my mind and thus this is completely new story and worth investing in prime and big thing is that they don't have suspense at the end
Hathi ram ji made me his fan after this Watch it and enjoy and understand the facts of real India.
Far better and real than Asur (Asur has story which is unique but it's little less in showcasing the violance and abuse which is the trend in today's web series and also the reality of today's India.
As good as Special Ops (I am a fan).<br/><br/>Perfect balance of violance, nudity and abuse.
Hats off to Jaideep Ahlawat, I used to think he can only be a negative character.
What an actor, a name added in the list of natural actors.
Great work Undoubtedly, till May 2020, Paatal Lok is the best ever crime series from India. Very real with amazing performances from the cast.. esp Jaideep Ahlawat, No other actor could have played his role better. Instead of 9 episodes.....I think they should have done it under 7 episodes
Dragged a lot One of the best indian series for sure .Casting the screenplay and everything grips you to it .
The best part is you never feel that it runs slow or very fast .
Shows every part of story with great detail .
And not but least the best part of series is that it ends in the end not like the ones you need to wait more to continue .
Thumbs up for paatal lok 👍 I don't really understand the hype about this show. It's totally overrated for sure. Except for a few good performances, nothing in this show really clicked. Irritating and useless swearing used throughout. I think they could've made it in 4 episodes instead. Waste of time. Very boring. Very disappointing. Very hurtful.
Full of trash. I dnt recommend it to watch. Guys dont waste your time. One of the best series I've ever seen! action in every episode, and the level of drama is maintained until the very last minutes The story was quite slow and didn't feel that grip. Propanga movie with full of hindu-phobic mentallity. Many fake news / stories showed as true to suite their agenda Quite frankly the show in 9 but i gave it 10 just because of the acting and the fact that show doesn't stretch itself to make financial gain its a 9 episode show with layered political commentary of India as well as media house around the world
Acting by cast are top notch especially by jaideep(hathi ram) and the Cinematography work is quite commendable. 100% authentic story, this is the mirror of our this generation, we all know what happens in India I must say, I never thought it would be this gripping and fast paced. The acting of all the characters were on point. Not just the main character even the small few minute role people did justice to their part, which makes story well rounded.
You jump into the story from the first and it just keeps sucking you into the maze that is this awesome series pathal lok.
It keeps us guessing till the end and we are wondering if this character is good or bad. The multiple stories lines that are happening parellely all comes together.
A must watch. Perfect for lockdown Let me start with Negatives:
-It's a one sided narrative, but that could be the point. Other side of the story could be told another day.
-Morality of the lead character was lost in the ending chapters... he did not want his child to look down on him and desperately tried solving the case. But in the end, it all got lost
-Too many unused Chekhov's Gun were placed in the story
-Gul Panag's acting was a letdown.
-Story was weaved similar to Sacred Games...using similar mytho touch..<br/><br/>Also few minute flaws and error which could be Neglected..<br/><br/>Positivies :
<ul><li>with its flaws, its a gripping tell...one wants to watch the underdog policeman trying hard to unearth the real coup.</li><li>Acting from Niraj Kabi &amp; Ahlawat was phenomenal... superb</li><li>in between real issues were highlighted, casteism, issues with third gender, minority issues, classism, etc. Believe it or not, it does exist in our society.</li></ul><br/><br/>It'a must watch series. Just to see how Indian Web series are coming out of age. But Sadly everything falls in a single genre. An amazing content to binge watch! Jaideep Ahlawat keeps you engaged throughout. You have to give atleast a couple of episodes to get hooked on to this series.<br/><br/>Pros- Good performances, specially the suspended cop. Well written script.<br/><br/>Con - unnecessary violence shown. Screenplay could be better. Dialogues & culture are bit difficult to relate if you don't come from a similar place in Northern part of India This series has nothing new to offer. They have created a story with same stereotypes and dragged to 9 episodes. Story is very weak with unnecessary plot twist, serious background music. Entire story could have been finished within 4 episodes but stretched till 9 episodes. After 3 episodes there is no thrill and it's goes on and on. It's basically a repitative of other similar series
1- Only one honest cop and his honest side kick. Rest all are bad cops involved with politicians
2- honest police is poor and having issues with family
3- minority representation in police department
4- full of abuses. Every second dialogue has abuse words like F, MC,BC etc
5- affairs and little sx scene
6- caste slurs and lynching scene
7- money and trp hungry media
8- killing people brutally
9- Villians boss (master Ji's) identity is never shown.
10- and adding some side stories like journalist wife's anxiety issues, police officers sons involvement with bad people, police officers wife's brothers business etc which doesn't add anything to main story line<br/><br/>At the end when hathi ram gets to know about the plot, he gets captured but doesn't get killed and left off. This is so funny considering that gujjar kills everyone who knows about his bosses death.<br/><br/>Acting wise nobody is convincing in any roles. Even hathi ram becomes bore after some episodes, Tyagi was just seen in bits of roles, Ansari and sanjeev doesn't fit their roles. Gul panag role is wasted. Just another hyped series. Wow. I may have to say this is as good if not better than sacred games. Brilliantly made. Well acted and well written. Every character in the show is well defined and has meaning.
Just brilliant ! Must watch Dont miss it guys,,,,all cast profarmance excellent,,,,just go and watch Loved the series! It is very well produced and directed. So good to see that all aspect of the series was done with passion and dedication and it shows. The finely crafted story, the acting and the script sets it apart from the other Indian OTT series. I would recommend this to everyone. I just love the screen play, story line and struggles of delhi police. Web series was looking so real. Thanks to the director for giving such a great content ðŸ‘Œ Gripping and makes you binge watch. Story and the talking was nicely handled I enjoyed it thoroughly. Worth to watch. Brilliant script and acting. Good Series with intriguing plot and very good acting. Only series comparable to Sacred Games. A series which can be an example to all the best thriller series around the world. Gripping and sensational storyline, giving you a window into India's political nexus. Deep dive into the poverty stricken urban and rural hitherland and the prevalent caste system. Amazing performances by Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Banerjee and Neeraj Kabi. Gul Panag is awesome as always ! Must watch. Excellent acting by all the cast members! Although the story seemed a bit convoluted in the beginning, as they began to peel off like an onion, it compelled to me binge watch it. A gripping series from india makes me proud. Well scripted and edited.no over the top dialogues or scenes.good characterisation.watch without the preconceived notion of the attributes associated with characters or location. This is by far one of the best Indian TV series I have seen. Just ignore the 1/10 reviews, they are blinded and afraid to acknowledge the truth that surrounds us. Enjoy the show. It is simple and realistic. Strong performance by the cast make it one of the best series to watch out in 2020. Although, some shots could've been written well... This show is beautifully written with plot twists coming in refreshing ways, and at just the right times. desperately waiting for second season Best show watched in years....just loved it and waiting for the next season....great work team. Brilliant acting by the whole cast Just want to say what a masterpiece it isðŸ”¥Indian web series is just improving with it's time and this one is mindblowing! Ended season 1 on truly high note surely waiting for 2nd season now Must watch, must watch, must watch.
Best series ever made in India. Outstanding show actors did brilliant acting ae well as dogs Brilliant performances and direction, especially jaydeep is exceptional Strictly from a viewers point of view.. I enjoyed it thoroughly..one of the finest TV series in this genre produced by India. Ofcourse it does not reach the benchmark set by sacred games, mirzapur or the family man, but is REALLY close and original. The acting and casting is impeccable. The story is solid, tight, and well rounded. Loved the controversy, violence, and drama! Loved the attention to details. Loved the unadulterated rawness. Loved how swear words were cheekily yet appropriately used. It shows issues of prejudice in several fronts (religion, caste, gender/sexuality, species)..of the not so strawberry dunia of Delhi and Bengal in parts. The only issue I had was I expected more thrills, the ending was okay-ish, everything was answered i.e. no loose ends as such (which is a good thing for a lot of people but not me, I like a mysterious ending with multiple possibilities upon the discretion of the viewer like in Sacred Games or Andhadhun). This is the best web series till date,
Outstanding acting
Brilliant script
Awesome screenplay
Acting is amazing
Just loved it Patal lok is one of the best series i have seen. All the actors have done their job really good. Reality is shown, simply mind blowing. Its amazon prime's best Series so far Superb show. Must watch , . You will Love iy.. i enjoyed It's one of the best show i watched recently . Go watch it Def. You will enjoy it. its for sure It's a fabulous show. Fabulous story and fabulous actor's Best Indian tv series.. The lead actors nailed it by his performances.. storyline, shots, thriller moments . It's a must watch.. it's a creative best stuff which tying to being real apart from adding any unrealistic fantasy. Jaideep Ahlawat is too good to watch. Leave religion and your potitical worship propoganda behind.. it's best Indian made tv series. Thank God Quarantine's time, I got to see something good .. Best show serially Great show . Patel Lokel is a very good story. Great actors Glad to see that everyone gave 100% to their character and story is excellent. So happy to see finally our Indian web series are making sense in the end. Totally Totally Impressed with Paatal Lok, A
Dark Crime Geo Political thriller drama with typical real Indian Elements. Grappling Script with scintillating cast. Great work by director who keeps you on your toe in each episode. Cinematography is phenomenal - best in Indian series.<br/><br/>All the best team!! People should not take it personally I felt people rating it one star is beyond my understanding nothing hinduphobic there and if we can watch islamophobic homophobic and other things without censoring them, we can watch this without taking it personally, good content Paatal Lok is a best show. Great actor with great story Amazon prime did a great job with this series. This is some top level stuff offered to Indian audiences. The guy who played key role "Jaydeep" has done superb job. Great writing, acting must watch series after many days. Anushka Sharma and her team have done a fabulous job of creating this web series Great Acting,superb performance especially by Jaideep Alhawat Good connecting and engaging concept with good direction Good story and good actors together make a show good. And i really like this show I enjoyed this series ..in fact, binge-watched it in a day. Amazing show.. don't go for negative ratings. Amazing acting and gripping storyline. Hardcore realities of society we living in. Outstanding camera work too :) Jaideep Ahlawat steals the show as Hathiram Choudhary with the most authentic acting of an Indian cop ever. Gul Panag, Neeraj Kabi and Abhishek Kabi were superb.
The story is very well crafted as a masterpiece and is engaging throughout.
Strictly 18+!! Well First of all Thanks to Anushka sharma and Amazon for showing Guts to Show The real face of the Right wing politics , The Web series Has been flawless , full of great acting , screen play and great Story telling A Must watch for everyone I will suggest everyone to watch. The real scenarios of our beloved country are shown in a raw manner, so people should watch it and think what we have done to our country by giving the power to the real enemy of our nation.
I had no doubt about the screenplay when I saw the writers' names , the direction is also great and I hope I don't need to talk about acting of the tremendously talented actors(even chaddis are also accepting it).<br/><br/>So go and watch and help to give reviews also by stopping the spam of the chaddis.<br/><br/>I just want to add one thing that chaddis go get a life and dont spam. It will be better if you invest your time in something which can give you a good life. As you will not get a good life by glorifying religion, you need to work hard. A must watch series great story telling and editing too. Hats off to the creator and whole team of paatallok Interesting plot. Perfect acting by the lead actors. Overall worth the time. I loved it. I saw Jaideep Ahlawat in Raees for the first time and since then I admired his work. Brilliant performance. Very very top notch series. Abhishek Mukherjee and Jaideep Ahlawat are " A new star is born". "The whole cast's performances are very realistic and top class.10/10 ratings, Acting also superb by all Specially Jaideep Ahlawat
" Once you enter the PAATAL LOK, it's impossible to exit before finishing it. Gripping and engaging , this is one of the best web series in recent times . All the actor's especially jayadeep ahlawat were great . Its a gripping series to the end with breathtaking acting from cops to small child thief's,Ahlawat shines it's great to watch a sublime actor of this quality, one should definitely watch this. Paatal Lok is not just a beautiful yet dark story of Indian society it also be considered a turning point for the Indian Entertainment industry. While there are many streaming service and original there are very very very few series which truly deserves a praise like this one.
Netflix once set a bar with Sacred Games and from then we saw a competition between Prime and Netflix. But this time, Amazon really outdone our expectations.
The really credits goes to casting director who assembled a cast consists of talent not good looks and what the Indian Entertainment Industry and audience wants the talent not good looks and glamour.
That's why in this time, Paatal lok is a hit while Malang like movies considered Trash.
Direction is amazing and the dialogues and the combination of ancient story with the plot is beautifully describe.
They have to understand the Indian Culture is truly amazing and one can create a well-written content from it.
Looking forward for more such series. One of the finest thriller of recent times.Well written, directed and brilliantly performed web series. Loved it. Can't wait for second season. "Did you guys watch #Paatal Lok?
If not, then hurry. You are missing out on a splendid thriller and another stunning performance of Jaideep Ahlawat." Interesting plot and always keep audiance at their toes with thrilling storytelling.Very well written and screenplay is amazing! Well done to the whole team and am gonna recommend it to others for a binge watch. This is the best show to come out of amazon and certainly the first original from the platform. Outstanding performances by the actors and breathtaking storyline and screenplay! I binge watched it : This show is literally a best example of how one can go in detail and come out with a fantastic story which is true to life. Surprisingly Fantastic plot. A show which literally makes you binge watch the complete season in one go One of the best series that I had watched till date!Their screenplay and character development are so much impressive!!! Amazing series...perfection in every episode...An amazing story with twists and turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Series Starts with one aim and took turns in every episode, suspense and thrill portrayed very well ans and editing is outstanding which connects storyline. Excellent series. A must watch. Acting is great and so refreshingly different from the typical other shows I love the story and the scenes in it. It is look like a reality rather than a drama or web series. each episode opens up with some quirky twist "Most wonderful, uunpredictable, well acted tv series i have ever had the pleasure of watching. I am giving 10/10 to it
because it deserve. Go and watch yourself and decide guys." One of the best tv series ever, full of drama . amazing acting from all the actors and actresses. It's a must watch series This is the best TV series I've ever watched. Every single part is awesome. I never thought that i will love crime tv shows. Amazing characters , amazing writing & directing. A story full of suspense, excitement & emotions. You must watch it & enjoy it. Every single character is special and unique in his/her own way. You would easily feel interested to know more about their background story Great story and excellent acting by all! I love a story with twists and turns!This series is a complete package. With very good script, direction and acting this series makes you feel emotions of every character. No matter what genre you like.. Ones you start watching it its impossible to stop.No TV series can ever match the perfection of this show.. mark my words! The actors aren't acting the characters, they are the character. This is the best TV show ever made and hasn't been surpassed to this day. First series could not stop watching. I've watched a lot of TV in my life and this show still remains the best show I've ever seen. Must watch its full entertainment. love the characters and their role.I really enjoyed watching this TV series . Each character has given 100 percent out put with their own skill and talent This is one of those series which has a compelling premise, a great balance between the drama and the humor until the end This is the on e which I like it the most.superb webseries.Story is unique and also the characters are perfect. It's a must watch web series.The acting is the best part of all the actors are perfectly done in this webseries. It is powerful story and acting.I think web series are the best way yo kill the time and I suggest this is the best one I have ever seen. I m watching this series and it has become my favorite show also now and actor has given good performance. I love this new web series and really it is an awesome series and it is an outstanding story. These days we all are at home and always looking new new way to entertain ourselves this online web series is best for killing our boredness.don't miss to watch One of the best show.A brilliantly scripted series,So many twist and turns, loved this series so much One of the best show which keep you engaged till the end. Don't miss it guys it's amazing and must watch. The casting alone is brilliant. Every single character was casted perfectly, and I mean perfectly. Every single actor or actress nailed their role. This series will stay on my mind for a long time! I couldn't stop watching it.Script - 10/10 Direction - 10/10 Acting - 10/10 Been a while since I have seen a story so gripping.... The story is detailed, the acting is awesome, the music is excellent, I loved everything about it Really fantastic series. Best suspens thriller. I really loved this. I am sure you will love it ❤🔥🔥 What an adrenaline rush it was. Loved the show from beginning to start. Guys don't miss it, probably the best show to come out of OTT platform. Loved it. While not the same at all, this series gives me the feelings that I got from BGS, Ozark, and The Wire. The structure and world building of Ozark, the peek behind the scenes of an unknown 3-dimensional society that you get from The Wire, and the stern protagonist that somehow reminds me of Capt. William Adama. I watched it all in the span of 24 hrs. Is there More coming? Anyone from western UP can easily identify with this series, excellently written and well directed, Loved the entire series, Highly rated and appreciated, It won't be as gritty as mirzapur or sacred games but this is that ,it has very different world and topics to cover
Gave it a try. It'll be worth for you I believed no Indian series can be complete without Pankaj Tripathi..But Jaideep Ahlawat!! No Words.. This series has to go down as the best dark thriller. All the actors justified their respective characters. After so many desi web series I have seen which were good but their climax were unexpected and unanswered. But this series has satisfied climax with some thrills. The storyline is good and especially the intro of Chanda was interested. However there is less thrill than some other Hindi series but the pace of the screenplay hides all other things. There should be some more things about Dunalia and Vajpai. It may add some thrills to. Gul Panag is at her best but Jaideep did very best of him and good to see him in this avtar. He is in line with Pankaj Tripathi soon. I'm floored at how great of a show this was and how I am even after finishing it I cannot get it out of my head. I can't begin to understand all the religious, cultural, political, and caste systems but I was completely captivated by the story and especially the characters. Each of the 4 suspects had deep backstory whether Tyagi's brutality or the absolute heartbreaking story of Cheeni. I really won't get this one out of my head for some time. Highly recommended Its an addictive series..amazing starcast..acting is to the T.. No proper direction, too much propaganda. Waste of time. The writing was done flowlessly n best.
The cast and acting was superb.
Must watch Another hinduphobic tv series and major dissapointment. At the very beginning I would like to be very clear that i have been holding myself not to write anything like this but enough is enough.<br/><br/>1- Using Hindu symbols for pushing forward the narrative is sick. Eating meat cooked by the Hindu cook (maharaj) in front of Ma Durga and cow was sick.
2- Mob lynching over beef by karsewaks was another twisted version of a sick mind. The Makers have used it to show that Hindus who have had a long court battle for the holy birth place of God Ram are murderers and they lynch every beef eater. Sacred games had shown similar thing.
3- The crass use of Brahmin politician using Gangajal after visiting a dalit family. I mean it looks idiotic.
4- CBI is so so stupid to put the blame on ISI. I mean they really thought they could pull it off. They think viewer are idiot.
5- These filmmakers think they can feed any BS about small towns and people will believe it.<br/><br/>Not everything was bad. Best part were-<br/><br/>1- Jaideep Ahlawat (Hathi Ram Chaudhary) has killed it again. I hated you in bard of blood. I was worried about you through out praying for your safety. Your pain and desperation was reaching me.
2- Abhishek Banerjee (Hathoda Tyagi) your eyes were sending chills. Superb acting.<br/><br/>Enough is enough. Everytime I watch these propoganda content I really feel what a waste of opportunity. So much talent wasted. Terrible show, stupid storyline. Not worth watching. A violent show. Extremely brutal and disturbing characters. Lots of abuses. Very sad to see Anushka Sharma producing such a show. Paatal Lok is absolutely overrated. An overstretched plot. Totally unnecessary propaganda in each episode for brownie points without which the story could have been told.<br/><br/>The only good thing about the show is Jaideep Ahlawat playing a Delhi cop Hathiram Chaudhary.<br/><br/>Overall 👎🏼. My first 10/10 rating of 2020! Best Indian web series! Worst Show, Very Bad Show. I felt like that the series is lacking the authenticity, and hurriedly made with poor plot and suspense Nothing can be said more except the fact that this is one of the best non-English series I have seen on recent times. There can be hits like Mirzapur / Sacred Games etc but this one makes you think, it makes you just use your own brain, smartness, intelligence to unravel the mystery.<br/><br/>It makes you feel the pain some people from our own country have to go through since their childhood days.<br/><br/>It makes you hate our society too who makes innocent people convert to criminals due to the society's misjudgement, mockery, bullying, personal hunger etc. etc.<br/><br/>Enough can't be said of the perfect writing, casting, direction and acting in this series.<br/><br/>This is what should come out of the talent from the industry we have.
As most of the movies coming out from the hindi industry are just for commercial success but not to do some good to the society or to give a wake up call to the blindfolded public (the percentage of which is growing nowadays). They do nothing more than to earn money for the producers.<br/><br/>More series like Paatal Lok and movies like Dhadak, Article 15 should come out as I support such creations which highlight the wrongdoings in our society and make them clearly visible to the public to show them what's right and what's wrong, to show them who's right and who's wrong.<br/><br/>Must watch definitely. I hope these talented teams of directors, script writers, actors bring more of these.<br/><br/>Covers almost everything, every evil thing like Fake news (you can guess the names of big top shot media journalists who shout and spread fake breaking news to capture TRPs just to earn money.. once you complete the series you can easily guess), then land disputes, child abuse, women used as objects of revenge, honest/dishonest journalists, honest/dishonest cops, extramarital affairs, most importantly bad Politicians creating everything bad in the system from head to tail.<br/><br/>So I just want to appreciate Amazon Prime to bring in such quality series in their bucket for the viewers. Keep up the great work and hope to see such more in future.<br/><br/>
Thanks for reading and you can give a like if you really liked my review.<br/><br/>.. Suspense, Thriller, Storyline is very nice. Acting of all the actors are also superb. But its pace is slow and also i don't know why Bollywood is showing in every movie Muslims as a victim. There is no reason to show them. #PaatalLok #AmazonPrimeVideo #Review #SpoilerFree<br/><br/>Paatal Lok is a delicately woven, intricately dark and complex thriller. While it never rises to the levels of Sacred Games (Season 1 atleast), superb performances from Jaideep Ahlawat (Officer Hathiram) and Neeraj Kabi (Sanjeev Mehra) elevate the series to a single weekend binge watch that will leave you yearning for more.<br/><br/>Directors Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy have managed to capture the essence of current Indian politics, castelism, islamophobia, the spread of fake news and sesnationalistic journalism all in one finely written plot. Even the smallest characters are superbly cast with a special shout out to Mairembam Singh (Cheeni) and Abhishek Banerjee (Hathoda Tyagi).<br/><br/>Well worth the weekend binge. Hoping for a season 2 Some part of this series is good and some part is very boring. I recommend you to don't watch. Tremendous performance by all the actors....especially, Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Banerjee and Neeraj Kabi and great direction as well....kudos to all the "DOG-LOVERS" (rather i would say animal lovers)....Thanks for this great piece of art..... I AM GLAD I DIDN'T PAY HEED TO THE NEGATIVE USER REVIEWS (and will never do going forward)
Please DON*T believe the mass poor ratings given to this well made series.
I've seen the series with a neutral bent of mind and it comes across as a brilliant, thoughtful, binge worthy and well acted series. In awe of it!
The story is well placed and intriguing and the darkness exhibited is engaging. All the actors are terrific and from almost the start, they suck you in like a vaccuum.
Masses of ignorant people are unable to dissociate fiction from non fiction. Any content should be watched with an open bent of mind. Only for folks with brains!
Watch and enjoy :) Cheers. Paatallok is one of the most detailed, authentic and entertaining piece of art, man this was an opera every thing was connected and logical hat's off to makers of paatallok.From writing to direction and complementing casting and moreover supreme justice by the cast everything was just perfect for me.if you love and enjoy art of film making you gonna love this series without doubt, i felt so fulfilled after watching this series and was surprised, the rhythm of this series was perfectly maintained till the end, guys go and enjoy it An excellent crime thriller with each of the subplots addressing important issues in today's society.<br/><br/>Rather than taking everything personally as the audience here is wont to do, followed by bashing it because it's difficult to acknowledge the ugly reality and believe their own system may also have flaws, like all other systems, it was great to watch the series of events unfold as an unbiased viewer enjoying great storytelling.
Crisp acting, just the perfect amount of drama, great plot twists and a good pace makes this binge worthy.<br/><br/>Definitely watch it if you enjoy a good story and can see beyond the perceived threats to the supremacy of a specific section. Paatal lok is very perfectly directed and scripted show. Marvellous acting by Jaideep Ahlawat, a star who always remained under shadow but stole the show with his overwhelming performance. Must watch series. Very Very Engaging I finished the entire web series in one Go , very well casted , scripted , and love the camera work during Chase and action scene kudos to the entire team This has to be the best crime series from india in recent times. Performances stands out,specially from jaideep ahlawat..He has carried the entire show on his shoulders. The guy who played ansari is also excellent. In short, give it a go. PaataLok is completely Out Of the box content. Mind blowing performance by each character & superb casting. Well Written story with perfect climax. This Web Series completely satisfied me as a viewer. 9/10 from my side A Must Watch! Awesome holds you together till end.
very well made , would be nice to see Dounalli Gujjar. This web series is an attempt to demean Hindus as a worst community. This web series is a pure propaganda against Hindus. Save yourself and save your brain This web series is an attempt to demean Hindus as a worst community. This web series is a pure propaganda against Hindus. Save yourself and save your brain. A story of a middle class Delhi cop (represents the Bhoolok) with nothing much to do in his life gets a case of murder attempt on a celebrated TV journalist (Reps the Swarga Lok) by a notorious criminal Hathoda Tyagi (Reps the Pataal lok) moves in a grippy way with extreme twists and Ugly truths. Sanjeev mehra dull the story a bit.
but rest is authentic.... must watch..... Please do not read reviews - first watch it and then come and read and write reviews as I did. It is so pleasing to watch Indian Web Series getting matured so quickly in its content, writing and presentation. Actors and talent have always been in abundance.<br/><br/>Paatal Lok is the story of a father whose one dialogue summarizes the entire series - "Pori Zindagi apne baap ki aankhon mei dekha ki mera beta Chutiya aai, ab apne bete ki aankhon mei nahi dekhna chahata ke uska baap chutiya aai". We all in one or other way is trying to prove one or another thing. And the decisions taken in this course of action becomes the defining story of our life. From the beginning, you soon get completely engrossed to this central theme that you don't pay more attention to any references to religion, caste and politics through out. All these are there to carry the story forward but never takes the pace away from its core values.<br/><br/>Another thing that works in its favor - the protagonist is not a super hero - doesn't deliver heavy dialogues or appears to come out of any situation unscathed. Credit goes to the entire crew for entertaining us right from the first episode till the end. Providing us with a drama that ends but the character stays with us for a long time. Relationship between a father and his son, a teacher and his disciple doesn't let the story stray away. You develop sympathy with characters because there is no hero or villain. Everyone is part of a well - oiled machinery.<br/><br/>Go and watch this gem. You will not regret even a single episode because they have not wasted any single character (even a dog). There is hardly a dull moment. Lots of negative reviews here, contemporary and mirroring to present situation around. Just goes to prove how patronizing and blind our society has become to its own ugliness. Great show! It's a very well knit story with an best cast. This is the best series I have watched during Quarantine and I loved Jaideep Ahlawat's performance as a typical Delhi Police official . It is very well written and well-directed series.. great actors. Great show. Great actors. Great story. Full of dhamaka This is outstanding and perhaps the best Web series produced in India Superb show 👌 great work Anushka . Amazing story. Just wow.. amazing show. Anushka doing a great job Such a brilliantly done suspense thriller entwined in mythology It's a top class show With best story and best actor Top class show...from performances to direction to editing to screen play. Absolutely beautiful fantastic series wonderful story line. The best Indian crime thriller till date.
The characters are well thought out and so relatable. Well written series with enhancing and gripping story . Crime Thriller Suspense . Brilliant directed. Best show Once you start watching it, you will not be able to stop yourself from watching it completely. Mind-blowing storytelling, strong acting, superb screenplay, overall one of the best series ever seen. A very good thriller with amazing concept .. performances is good and direction is brilliant Neeraj kabi and Jaideep Ahlawat character is very frightening.and also direction is top notch The best thing about this show I felt that the actors have done a very good job in this show and the story of this show is also very good Enjoyed watching the series based on modern day concept .. thrilling concept Good actors , good writing , good dialogue, direction is good .
And best no need to wait for second session , they finished this series on go.
Some things are true but no one wants to accept , that's this is about. I saw the best show of the time of this quarantine. Very cool show. This is a great show. I would also advise you to watch it once A very suspense Thriller with amazing direction.jaideep Ahlawat 👍 Enjoyed watching the series with thrilling concept with lots of doses of dark scnes Not a single scene in entire series with very gripping story. A really must watch series with thrilling and gripping story . Enjoed throughly and really gripping story telling ..Jaideep performance is top notch A very enhancing and thrilling concept with best outstanding performance. The story, the cast and the direction...its a treat A gripping and sensual thriller with epic performance. Really enjoyed the thrilled ans gripping the storyline . This series has surpassed Sacred Games & Mirzapur at many aspects. Acting, Directing, Screenplay, Cinematography too good. This is one hell of a roller coaster ride. No unnecessary stretch & lazy writings. Absolute Solid. Amazon Prime is doing a great job.. Best hindi web Series .great performances by all lead actor.very good story and marvelous direction. #PaatalLok is something that the Indian Film/Web industry must feel proud of. I was and am fascinated by intelligent writing and making. But I have seen (I have not seen much though) very few series/show who have the soul as well Intriguing thriller with some dark scene and also performances are superb The protagonist of the story, Jaideep Ahlawat is a fine actor, whose top notch acting skills are superbly utilised in this gripping and piognant tale of politics, police and media, intertwined with religion to make a heady cocktail The editing and direction is nuanced, with dialogues that will stay with you long after you've seen the nine episode show.
Must watch Arguably one of the best hindi language series on any OTT platform today. Fresh, original and laugh aloud funny, patal lok has authentic characters that will be long remembered. It is written well, with twists and turns that hook you from the word go. Rape scene of mother is very dark and also the storyline is kept you engaging till end . Now if we will talk about this series, superb performance especially by Jaideep Alhawat Jaideep Ahlawat is just mind blowing and direction is also good.. This turns out to be a high profile case and we can not open all suspense of How he will solve it because it will ruin your taste of watching. One word for the series "WOW" . Totally hooked up from the very first episode . Everyone nailed it. Must Watch Suspense Crime Thriller.
Well Directed webseries with awesome performance on Amazon Prime. . Nice and griping storytelling and direction is absolutely brilliant In the end Pataal Lok is bound to win your heart. For in its disturbing unsettling universe what resides in its soul is a tiring search for the essence of human nature This thing impacted the climax, which could have been made more hard hitting, given the already developed seriousness of the show. However these things didn't affect the overall picture much. . The mythological references wasn't blended well into the story and the character of Tyagi demanded a bit more attention, particularly speaking, the show at times just state emotional realities of its character Tyagi as a mere matter of fact. I personally think large narrative formats by definition demands patience and greater investment on its various axis. One of its main faults I found is, it doesn't wait. Doesn't establish a few very significant plot points that would have made the climax more impactful. Direction is top notch specially the screenplay and performance could be better . Two leading women of the show Gul Panag and Swastika Mukherjee acted (behaved, to be precise) remarkably well. It is awes-trucking to see just how brilliant everyone is in here. Jaideep Ahlawat perhaps has delivered the performance of the year. Overall, its safe to say that the sub-plots coalesce together seamlessly, only making the show a lot richer. The acting is the main strength of this show. Really entertaining with full power pack performances ..must watch Gripping and Intriguing thriller with some amount of dark scenes ..well written Pataal Lok also takes you up very close to the corrupt system that runs through the country, to the people who controls the game remaining under the curtain, to its beneficiaries. Catching and engaging story telling. Execution of all episodes are great My heart breaks after realizing that all of them aren't actually made up. Weaving the brutal aspects of our society and our attitude towards the oppressed and marginalized groups into the larger narrative is another achievement of this show. One of the best series till day I say. Not only it entertains and keeps you glued to the screen but has definitely summed up to present all the evil in our society and system today. A must watch! Performance is at top notch specially the police officer character .. While doing so it brings up quite effortlessly the gruesome realities of our country that many of us perhaps largely unaware. Pataal Lok starts off with a tense sequence and then manages to build up on it, till the very end. It never tries to outsmart its audience and also in due process never easily gives out the plot points too. Starcast is superb . Direction , editing the plot all are awesome . One of best show . Goes without saying, it does its job somewhat accurately. Packing a lot of stuff without loosing out on the tautness of the script Packing a lot of stuff without loosing out on the tautness of the script a whole the show attempts to accomplish everything I said above. As a whole the show attempts to accomplish everything I said above. Goes without saying, it does its job somewhat accurately. Amazing ! The cast the storyline everything is so perfect . Do give a watch peepZ ! Really I've watched it and it's awesome. All characters are awesome. Totally worth it. Kudoos to the crew members for such a raw and realistic depiction. The myriad nuances of our country and their interrelations help us to make a sense of the bizarre reality we inhabit and also ourselves. Webseries like this is really entertaining during this boring period Story Line , direction and especially acting of character hathiram chowdhary is awesome.... A web series worth watching. Amazon prime did it again.The story, direction, cast everything was top notch. Special thanks to Anuska sharma for coming up with this enique concept. Give it a binge watch ❤ A rollercoaster Ride that jolts you at every twist and turn with Reality of our system. Rising from mediocricity sets a new benchmark on every aspect of a storytelling medium. Entire Crew and Cast Take a bow! For bringing this to life. Story line matches with current scenario acting is good.
All the suspense are in last episode.
Dark crime Awesome would be an understatement. Absolute entertainment in terms of acting, performances, story, suspense and execution. Splendid!<br/><br/>Highly recommended! Absolutely amazing series.....Actors have played an excellent role,Neeraj Kabi role is simply superb A very good tv show that keep you in the front of screen from the beginning to the end.Masterfully...the cast...the screenplay...the plot..!!!looking forward for season 2. Brilliant work by everyone who is in this series! I can't get enough! I give them all the awards! This is an amazing and exciting series.Great drama with a mix of humour, action and suspense It's wonderful to see the actors playing so well. I love heist and robbery movies or series so I've enjoyed this one a lot. This is a brilliant series, you will not be able to think what next is coming. One of the best series in the world. If you love watching crime movies and series, then you should not skip this one. No way! This is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED SERIES. GREAT!!! Probably one of the best amazon series I have seen so far. With its unpredictable and overwhelming plot, this series so addictive that one will definitely complete it in binge watch. The music, the actors, the camera work, how everything was put into scene, the pace even those filler Dialoges between the roles, was just awesome for me. Without doubt one of the best tv shows of all time. feel exhausted with so much excitement. Cannot wait for season 2 This series will stay on my mind for a long time!Great storyline and acting. once you start to watch it, you can't stop. you can't sleep without knowing what's next. It's an extremely good show which I believe, I will watch it for a few times more. I strongly advice you to watch it. Never seen such a mind-blowing fast paced heist drama. Epic! My congratulations to the whole team.It's an absolute thriller; you're always on edge Great character building. Original storyline and logical. Each of them are very well introduced without flaws and they compliment each other as a team This is truly marvelously entertaining, the plot is exquisite, and the show provides continuous entertainment. The best series I have ever watched. All the actors rock 😍 Can't wait for the next seasonnnn!!! Just nothing to say, don't miss this, each episode contains the same thrill and excitement.One of the Best of the Bests TV show I have ever seen...I could not miss single moment from the episodes. This is really an amazing story. I am so excited to watch it. It's been great wat watching this series as it enthralls from the very first episode till the last. Except some undigestival political angles.
Overall screenplay and acting are very sound without any screenplay flaws like mirzapur,asur had. All in all a very good series . Well written and executed . All characters played the role with such conviction.
Kudos to Jaydev for amazing role.
Only thing I not appreciated is the potrayal of Hindus. It seems that Muslims are always been cast off or humilited. This trend should stop.
Apart from that it's an amazing show to watch. People who are saying this show puts hinduism in bad shade are litreally swarg log people i am a hindu and trust me hindus are these like days
This show is india's best show yet with layered writing great acting and gripping direction plz dont go on its rating and definetly give it a watch It's an amazing series. A very well connected story did justice to each and every character. Loved it! This is just not the thriller. Infact at one point you don't even care for suspense as the story unfolds current status of the country one after Another. Trying to touch all those sensitive issues that we are witnessing in last few years. It has hard hitting dialogues and scenes and one needs to focus to understand each scene or dialogue, in its truest and deepest sense.<br/><br/>Don't go by any negative reviews which are mainly from IT cell people, targeting to downgrade the rating and push their single point agenda! Without accepting that these things are the part of current society. The people who support these things fully are the one's giving the low ratings and negative comments. They don't want the reality to be shown but are happy with the fake cover ups.<br/><br/>Go and watch this.... for a new era of reality has gone a level up with this. A game changer!<br/><br/>Do give a break to each episode to understand each scene / Dialogue to its depth instead of watching it in one go. I have watched it in one go and now watching it 2nd time with breaks and enjoying it more. Awesome and engaging storyline! slow pace justified the content! every dot is connected well😊
a must watch! Loved the show👍👍👍,will recommend each one to watch it Wat a webserise after a long time. Jaideep ahlawat is superb and amazing... Hv become his biggest fan. One of the best web series i ever see.................. Its great to have such a Drama.. i liked it and given 9 but not liked some points... which deducted 1 point..
1. the story tried to show that Mushlims are easily be proven as terrorist.. and tried to prove them innocents.
2. they are showing Hindus are brutal in killing, doing Mob lynching on the name of relegion.
3. CBI is not truthful and its manipulate truth. Highly recommended. Good Story Nicely executed Brilliant Acting treat to watch in lockdown. It's a wholesome brilliant project, I generally don't write reviews but here I can see a lot of losers just jumped in and maligning this beautiful craft so thought to write it. Brilliant Acting and superb direction. A little streched but not as much as the earlier hyped series did like Asur, special cops etc. Comparing with Sacred games won't be correct because Sacred Games' first season was more engaging and thrilling but better than Mirzapur and The Family Man. One of the finest webseries. Jaideep ahuja(Hathiram chaudhry) and all the other cast did a honest job and acted quiet well. I might say Paatal lok showed the real struggle of police in India and of middle class in India. If you are looking for a webseries that would be like ALT balaji web series or like Shah rukh khan's bard of the blood then its not for you. Its a well writing and directed web series that i ejoyed watching and watched whole episode one after another. Eagerly waiting for season 2. Honest and true story related to today cureent circumstances given by director.great execution super acting must watch series for everyone A story well written and very well said, great performances revealing the real India! Every character has its own mini story. It's not an easy task to keep entertaining with a firm grip on reality. Every bit of it was real, no plastic. Smart direction with controlled and precise articulation of every emotion WITHOUT explaining what exactly happened, in the next scene. As a view either I was smart enough to understand the script and director's efforts or the pace it went made me to. And finally the way it ends with that bhajan, no words to explain, kind of worth spending time watching it an awesome feeling of making a good decision. This was the first time I ever listened to this bhajan. and have been listening to it for last 24 hours :)<br/><br/>Kudos to the whole team, congratulations!! A commendable job, keep doing it so the Hindi audience does not look for dubbed foreign content.<br/><br/>-Sakal hans mein Ram birajey, Ram bina koi dhamaye nahin. - Good show... It can be said that the show is reflective of today's society wherein people's value and principle change at the drop of a pin.
The best thing I found was that after a long list of Indian web series which came out lately.. this show dosent end on a cliffhanger..
For people who love bingewatching...good scripted shows and more content driven stuff... Do give it a try.. It will definitely be counted as one of the best Indian web series .. Must watch web series....... amazon give us one more best Indian containt..... little dark..... character development very good..... watch this one time and you love this.now a day amazon provide better Indian containt then Netflix.another master piece by Amazon like mirzapur and the family man Don't waste your time in watching such non sense things. Fake story with lots of fake drama. Poor production, poor direction and poor screenplay. Fake acting by actors that I couldn't survive to watch for half an hour.
I think cartoon network will be worth watching than this nonsense series. Please avoid it...it's yet another propaganda series against the hindus. Great show, brilliant story.<br/><br/>There's no Hinduphobia as claimed by so many reviews The casting and performances are good hence giving extra star. Otherwise these series are a attack on Hindu sentiments. Without any base they show so much falsehood. I had huge expectation for this series. Story-line is pathetic itself with no link from beginning to ending. The only good thing has to be the powerful star cast who have nailed each character with brilliant performance. Not even worthy of watching a single episode. Sheer waste of time. Agenda takes over everything.. well leftist are definitely going to like this show a lot... Pure hinduphobic series. Worst. Bycott. Most of the scenes are hinduphobic. I bycott this. Other than the leftist propaganda and minority appeasement, other aspects like acting and storytelling is good. I am thrilled, best series watched till now 10/10 superb acting by everyone. I have realised for the very first time the interflow of good acting with a sheer script while watching this masterly directed web series. One word review is Transcendent. What a brilliant show! Great writing. All performances are more than awesome! The story is crisp and tight. You never get bored in 45 mins long episode! Actors have done a commendable job. It has to be one of the very few indian original, hindi web series that I would recommend a friend! All the topics from politics to psychology have been covered in such a great manner! Nothing but an all 10 for me! Just amazing, gripping acting by every single actor. A treat to watch OK so everything was great. The pace, the way it's built up, suspense, conspiracy all bang on. Jaideep ahlawat is brilliant.
Now the main motive was to kill tyagi. The police knew where he was, the goons knew where he is, he's already a wanted man for 45 murders, could have been a easy shoot out, then why the hell do create a ekta Kapoor drama around it. Just to kill a contract killer.
Bollywood just can't do with out masala , then actual logic. One of a kind. though it highly draws inspirations from recent indian cop shows. character arcs were like seen on daily news segments. Why this is happening again n again.. some specific propaganda to defame Hinduism and enlight Muslim.. I couldn't understand why some people have so much hatered towards Hindus.. The same old formula.. Nothing new if you have already watched sacred games and Asur I have watched 2 episodes, it is clearly a propoganda to portray something which is against Hindu religion as a whole , would have given a zero star *Sudip Sharma
Sagar Haveli
Hardik Mehta
Gunjit Chopra"<br/><br/>These are the writers who wrote about 10 men raping a woman and then a single man raping three girls.
And talks about fing*ring girls and women. (Poora kaam/aadha kaam)<br/><br/>How does this justify a crime story?<br/><br/>Crime, suspense is a different thing.
In India, writers write such mean/inhuman stories. #PaatalLok #PatalLokReview 📛⭐⭐⭐⭐.5<br/><br/>This scintillating crime thriller on #AmazonPrime is not Hinduphobic but a bare truth of the Badlands of India. Full marks to @AnushkaSharma for the cajones Terrific written show with perfect performances by #JaideepAhlawat #NeerajKabi I'm sure this is one of the best web series of the year. A big shout out to each and everyone who is part of this masterpiece, this is the best example of the team work. Thought of watching an episode a day but ended up watching whole series in one go. Whole series looks very much real & story is crafted really well. Well directed and right actors were chosen. I would recommend if someone likes mystery and realistic story of India, where politics triumph and exists in all affairs. Well mix of drama story craziness and romance. Didn't like the concept .too much mass . Unnecessary dialogue Excellent story line! Wouldn't be surprised if it was based on true events... shows how gullible certain audiences are and lack rational to think and make decisions. Most importantly, the series has an underlying current of leftist agenda to misguide young impressionable minds by clever and subtle references of anti-majoritarianism and anti-upper caste sequences willfully inserted at regular intervals. Such references have been put EVEN WITHOUT HAVING ANY CONNECTION WITH THE STORYLINE AT ALL - which makes them absurd and the intentions of the makers nefarious.<br/><br/>If viewed without applying any brains and watched SIMPLY AS A PIECE OF ART then following observations emerge -<br/><br/>Firstly the name Paatal Lok (which is spelt wrongly given its correct pronunciation) is totally out of context/meaning and has been used just for the sake of using some Hindu mythological term.<br/><br/>Secondly, the performances part - Jaydeep Ahlawat & Neeraj Kabi manage to impress, the former much more. Gul Panag fails to get into the shoes of her character. Rest of the characters & performances do not have much scope. Found nothing great in the Character of Tyagi - so many pervert criminals/murderers have been scripted and played that its nothing very different or remarkable.<br/><br/>Thirdly the script part - First 6 episodes are good, however rest 3 totally loose their plot by the time the series winds up. Gawky, melodramatic villains and sidekicks are introduced which lack conviction,realism or credibility. The story-line also fumbles significantly, however good editing becomes savior to some extent.<br/><br/>Verdict : WATCHABLE (Except for the last 3 episodes which become torturous at times) Propaganda of people who can't win elegant rely on this stuff. This Web series would be turned into Gem if it was Edited Properly. This web series could be Finished in 4 to 5 episode of 30 Minutes each. Unnecessary elements are added, Story is not gripping it will not hold you to finish all episode in one go. But I appreciate all the actor for their acting.<br/><br/>For Me Mirzapur and Afsos are best Indian web series on Amazon Prime Video. IT HAS SOME GREAT CONTENTS. RATHER A STORY IT IS VERY PRACTICAL . INSPITE OF IT A NARRATIVE SHOWS HINDUS ARE ARROGANT AND MUSLIMS ARE PURE AND GET HARRASSED IN THE COUNTRY. HOW THEQ INDIAN CASTE SYSTEM, MONEY AND POLITICAL POWER WORKS REFLECTS IN THE SAME. CREW MEMBERS HARD WORK IS AT AWESOME LEVEL. Jaideep and Abhishek Banerjee..... what an act you both have given.... your role was awesome. The show is overrated. Don't expect much. Only the acting and cinematography is good in this show. Everything else is dull. The plot of the series is generic. Only the moments in which they showed the history of the four prisoners were interesting in the whole series. Specially Tyagi's story... Rest of the plot is very uninstresting and boring. The plot doesn't even stick to it's theme half the time. Netflix's Sacred Games is much better than this at everything. Trust me. This is just a failed attempt at challenging sacred games Really enjoyable serial. The characters had real depth and the whole thing was quite entertaining. I thoroughly enjoyed this series. The writing is simply amazing and Jaideep Ahlawat delivered a wonderful performance. Cheers to Amazon for bringing us this fantastic show! Best show after sacred games. Do not miss this awesome show!! Everyone acted so well and the script as well. Some scenes were so real that you can relate to the real life also the story is unpredictable If you are of the school of thought which said Sacred Games was a new yardstick for Indian TV content, let me happily share that Paatallok has well crossed it and is now the new yardstick. It has all components for an cult action packed thriller - amazing storyline, superb direction, outstanding background music, top of the line cinematography, terrific actors. Jaideep acts like he was born for this role. His 'sidekick' Ishwak Singh stands out as Ansari. Neeraj is flawless as expected. Only thing maybe if u have find a fault with is, subplot of Neeraj's clinically depressed wife and his extra marital affair. But hey, overall, don't miss this one. Set the bars high. There is nothing wrong with the series people just don't accept the truth. This is undoubtedly the finest Web Series came out from India. Infact, it can surely compete as one of the greatest Web Series around the world. Well the IMDB rating is decreasing only because the brutal truth shown in the show is burning the balls of the Hindu Fanatics. But trust me the story telling, screenplay, performances, direction everything is at It's best. A big applause and hats off to the team Paatal Lok. Almost everything is up to the mark.
The direction, the cast, the story, and everything.
You'll regret if you missed this series. Acting is superb with a great story line...it decipt hard hitting truth of our story, lots of twist and thril along the way. India so far released many masterpiece tv series, this is one of them but underrated. This is because not many people likes this type of deep inside story, most of people go for fast paced ordinary entertaining shows. Well this is not for those ordinary people who does not have brain to actually understand what happens in real life or in reality. Thus, Masterpieces made in india valued elsewhere. After Leila, the same entities are after this one in order to suppress the depiction of reality. So, take care of its ratings.. from 8.9 it has dropped to 7.5 in 2 days. That's how things work in mob culture. Really loved it. Series covers all dark sides of our society.<br/><br/>Each episode it amazing and it keeps you entertained and thrilled.<br/><br/>Series like these are setting standard in Indian Cinema. Realistic drama with great concept showing reality with the indian culture and dark side of it great watch with amazing acting of jaideep ahlawat and neeraj kabi and abhishek banerjee playing hathoda tyagi This is the most thrilling show with top class acting and a glimpse of the reality and the social structure of the country as of today.<br/><br/>Watch it for the story and acting. Sometimes enjoy the story as it is and stop critising everything as it is some part of propoganda, it is not. Story writter is just telling a story and YOU and your views are not a character in his story!
This series is definately imDb 8.5-8.7.
Great story line
Superb acting
Does not leave us on a cliff hanger unlike other series in pursuit or rather greed of a second season.
Every other Indian series I have watched started of well but ended up completely fakkd up.
Not the case with this one though.
A series that offers u thrill ,suspense and even humour.
I don't think you will regret watching this series like u did when u watched hindi series like sacred games ,family man,mirzapur,asur(Don't know why these series are rated so high) One of the best written series.. this is a must watch for good story, excellent screenplay and great performances. Do not go with many propoganda reviews who are writing negative about this series with an agenda. Best series in current political scenario in india includes all the main social issues!!! Became fan of Jaideep Ahlawat, kudos to makers to give him lead role he does justice to it... Fabulous show. Seriously, i loved this web series, Fantastic show. Great Acting, great story. Great work.... Absolutely Brilliant Show! Well written and shot with an intriguing story line. If you are bored in lockdown then you should check it out. Very great show Best show ever I felt. Anushka has done a very good job India needs this kind of show. What a performance by all of them. Thanks to Prime and Anushka for producing such show. It's Amazing show. Superb actors with full of drama. Patal Lok Perfect crime thriller, a show which show originality of system. Power packed acting Paatal lok is one of the best web series to be released this year. The power packed star cast makes it even more interesting. This is the best series I have watched during Quarantine Paatal Lok is a best show. Best actors. Great acting. It's a very well written show. Jaideep Ahlawat and Neeraj Kabi are brilliant. The Direction is also top notch.
Waiting for the next season Enjoyed the thriller with best performance of Jaideep .. India has abundance of good actors. Need to come up with more series like this. Throughly Enjoyed the concept with thrilling draw and keep you hook up till the end . All the artist did a great job every characters are awesome. Patal Lok Perfect crime thriller, a show which show originality of system. Power packed acting, action. Jaideep Ahlawat done 100 justice with Hathiram chowdhary. Neeraj Kabi is excellent in Greedy News reporter A very gripping and Intriguing thriller and Jaideep Ahlawat is very good in officer role. One of the finest web show i seen. What a performance by all. The character of Haathi Ram Choudhari brilliantly played by Jaydeep Ahlawat , holds your attention and you pour your heart for him. Story is really good & different , and the way many preconceptions about religions, and social treatment coz of casteism in India is shown extremely well. A Gritty big plot is divided and well connected to three worlds delicately. Watch it everyone . Pataal lok is a crime thrill series that will keep you connected from starting till end It's a story of a middle class Delhi cop who represents the Bhoolok with nothing much to do in his life gets a case of murder attempt on a celebrated TV journalist (Reps the Swarga Lok) by a notorious criminal Hathoda Tyagi (Reps the Pataal lok) moves in a grippy way with extreme twists and Ugly truths. One series streaming on Amazon now that's watched all over Pataal Lok As everyone is telling, there is a strong flavour of anti Hindu after few episodes, which was not needed in the plot.
Other Plot and screenplay is too good and full marks to Jaideep's acting.
As this case is solved, drop this extra motive of religion specific and draw the next season with more content on the fact.
Don't want Jaideep's acting to go in wain as many of this feel is religion biased. Pataal lok is full of actions throughout all the episodes Pataal lok is my favourite series so far watch it on amazon now Jaideep Ahlawat is just brilliant and best thriller till ends. Pataal Lok is full of thrill and actions surely a second time watch series Pattaal lok is full of action and drama I loved it it's lovely The new game changing web series, pataallok is drawing positive attention and criticism alike! This is such a dramatic series I love to watch it and enjoyed a lot This series series is full of action and drama it will be a big hit This is really an unpredictable series so watch it to know it The b st action series ever I have watched since now This is the best series so far I have ever watched really amazing This series is just a wow incredible action and dhamaal Best acting skills by each and every character and great storyteller This series is really awesome I like it very much you should also watch it Best series came out after long duration.. intriguing storyline and gripping story .. A really good cop drama series, kudos to the people involved.
The best thing about it is the slow buildup of sequences & characters. The makers didn't use sensationalism to engage you, rather then they worked on clever writing to deliver Best show,show watchit.i liked every porformance.
must watch A series that will remain in mind for long time for sure Direction is at top notch .. performances is just mind blowing. Best Web series in recent time. Loved everyone performance. Must watch The best Indian Web Series I have watched till date, and probably best realistic Indian story . Well done job by whole cast and crew . Recently asur and now Pataal lok have shown how a crime thriller web series should be made. Engaging script with jaw dropping twists and turns supported by some top notch acting especially ny Jaideep Ahlawat.<br/><br/>Definitely recommended I am shocked. What a Web series. Everyone done amazing job. Kudos to anushka Story and direction is very nice.. acting is also gud ..must watch It's a must watch series ,so watch it or you will regret Worth of time .. everyone must watch..full on entertaining This would provide you glimpses of a few average Indian mindsets- theirs weaknesses, triggers and also their strengths. To unravel such a loaded issue you require different perspectives, history, political and cultural fault lines. This is an awesome web series i ever seen. Kudo to cast ans Anushka sharma. And Netflix team. This new series is really good every one Must watch ..i really enjoyed it Wow ! It's one best series ever made . Just loved it !!!! He recent tv-series boom has given makers a perfect opportunity to probe deep into the complex core of Indian establishment. The best thing is the characters are so detailed to their roots.
One of the bests coming out of Prime video's indian stable. This thriller is so satisfying that requires no 2nd season and ends with a climax that is a bliss to watch.
Character development is so complete.
It shows the darkest side of politics and law and order system and tries to unmask the media.
Well written story, deep focus on characters and chareer best performance by Mr Ahalawat.
The creators of these series have a long way to go. Nothing special could not find why???
Just round and round with nothing What an amazing series, compels you to binge watch it :) . amazing cast.. amazing acting. Indian crime thrillers are making a big impact . Keep it up Amazon Prime.. Paatal Lok spares no one,
Right wing (Pretentious moralist), Left wing Hypocrites, Hindu, Muslim, Sikhs any one who is a player in Delhi and UP.
It takes a not so subtle dig at the cesspool that is the new age Indian media houses and mauls the political system working its divide(by cast) and rule policy.<br/><br/>Although it doesn't have the depth in conspiracy as Sacred games the drama is benefited by its own style of narration wonderful bgm and aptly sequenced stories to keep you engaging and devour all 9 episodes in 1 go.<br/><br/>Jaideep Ahlawat is a star actor and so is neeraj kabi... Hathoda tyagi is undoubtedly the biggest nutcase in rural india - even bigger than definite in wasseypur.<br/><br/>Keep em coming - Prime ! It's awesome... Must watch.. Amazon prime is coming up with great contents.. full of suspense and marvelous acting by everyone. There was a time when movies used to reflect problems in the society, not much anymore. Web series has taken over the responsibility to unfold real, dark and harsh realities.
Superb performance by @Jaiahlawat and Gul Panag. After long time the perfect suspense, thriller, drama, everything... Means full pack of series... If we see this series then forgot Sacred games or Mirzapur type series... Classic work all of you great ðŸ™‚ One of the best Indian rural crime web series out there. Even if you don't like the very genre, do watch it for Jaideep Ahalawat and his exceptional groundbreaking performance. If there was an Indian Emmy, he would be the one to beat Saif Ali Khan or N. Siddique's performance from Sacred Games!<br/><br/>The web series takes you the roots of Indian rural gangster connections, rituals, traditions and mythologies that have been beautifully inscribed in each episode. Most like other shows, each episode is a character study but this one goes way into detail and there it stands out a very different show! The direction is spectacular in few scenes (like the one scene where we learn about Cheeni's past and her love for another low-life sweeper friend).<br/><br/>Proud of it and the fact it came from our nation. Good gripping story, good acting, good direction. Overall very entertaining. We are introduced to the Paatal lok with a heavy voice of inspector Haathiram Choudhary played by Jaideep Ahlawat telling his partner, Imran, a text from mythological text of how the world is divided into 3 world- Swaarg lok (heaven), Dharti lok (earth) and Paatal Lok (netherworld) and how the people from this 3 world are categorized and how one act can trigger a big scandal. He goes on say that he has read this on Whatsapp, implying his doubts in the mythological stories. He is shown as ordinary police officer of the outer Jamuna Paar police station, nobody trusts him to perform an investigative task and he explain as "Boss think we are good only for setting up blockades". Jaideep Ahlawat is the anchor point of this story and he has got a chance to prove that he can crack a case and he is not a loser. He is hot headed, sharp, and observant but at the same time could be diverted easily. Gul Paang is shown as Haathiram's wife and she delivers a believable performance as a housewife who understands him but is not given much chance to grow into this role.
On the other hand, Neeraj Kabi with his calm and posed posture portraits a news anchor who finds himself at odds with the owner of the news channel and his wife who has anxiety attacks. We feel sorry to see his state but his stature in anyway gives out that he is a poor guy stuck with his destiny. Instead as the series progress we see his character arc changing as how he can manipulate stories. His wife, Swastika Mukherjee (Played Kabi's partner in movie Detective Byomkesh Bakshi) is not given much space to grow, we see her break and how she reconciles the facts about Sanjeev.
The story starts with an arrest of 4 goons who are on their way to kill a Veteran news anchor, Sanjeev Mehra (Neeraj Kabi) by the DCP of Delhi police and this is handed over to Haathiram as it falls under their jurisdiction. Paatal Lok shows how the system though made of everyone has its internal conflicts. Haathiram is chasing different angles and people as the case progress and trying to make connections with different people but cannot create a link, all he has is the 4 goons arrested and their statement but which leads nowhere even after trying to dig into their past.
Abhishek Banerjee as Hathoda Tyagi from TVF's "humorously yours" and "Stree" fame, does complete justice to his dark character with minimum dialogues but his expression speaks. His story is shown in stages and how it connects to this plot, a local politics and a leader in hiding who is worshipped by not him but people of the region is revealed by Haathiram as the story progress. Interestingly he is also the casting director of this series and has brilliantly casted all the supporting cast. Vipin Sharma, Manish Chaudhary, Asif Basra and Rajesh Sharma all are casted perfectly in their role and create a great ensemble cast.
Watch this series for the direction, cinematography, and power pack performance by the actors. Director Prosit Roy and cinematographer turned Director Avinash Arun portrays the series with a authentic taste of the metro as well as the village with the untold crimes that happens and how they create a circumstances for people to turn dark. Paatal Lok could be described ass a best story telling series of this year. The story being very simple, but it gets convoluted due to the various people in the system trying to take advantage of the situations. How a story could be molded to gain power, status or just revenge forms the crux of Paatal lok. As it is stated with one line as " System from outside looks a mess, a garbage but if you look closely, from inside you will see it's a well-oiled machinery where each part knows what is his work and if it causes problem, it is replaced." Again the wonderful series from Amazon Prime. Like always, making best of the Indian Content. Best and best! This web series is agenda driven as bollywood movies. In this web series muslims are shown as victims and hindus as attacker , anti-muslim. This webseries is designed to increase the inferiority complex of hindus in their own dharm This show is a propaganda and carries a weak script along that perticular kid siddhart is annoying as F,
the casting is bad too. It's thought provoking, controversial, borderline disturbing in some aspects; still it bounds you with its great narrative and realistic approach. The performances are noteworthy, the characters are well written and managed throughout. The makers certainly decided on the fact of challenging the norm when it comes to content creation and creative liberties. They inserted some courageous yet highly debatable affairs into the melodrama of it. Casteism, religion, power, poltics, true face of modern day journalism, relationships, family, friendships, professional workspace, child abuse. This got it all. I have never seen such a series which handles all the above mentioned issued with ease and never brings down the overall quality of the material. Well acted & well narrated execution that definitely makes you concerned about our current whereabouts. Many people might find it offensive and to be honest they absolutely should, others might find it interesting; well it's their own preference as well. But I would suggest you all to think beyond the petty political affairs and religion specific agendas. Only then you could see the true value of it. Hinduism will survive all kind of missionaries and any propagandas.<br/><br/>Just another anti hindu series. Its time the central government impose stricter sensor board on online streaming platforms series Waste of time. Not recommended. Worst acting. Anything will be better than this Super Bakwaas web series full of Hinduphobia. Worst acting and obviously no plot at all.
Miserably failed in running propaganda. Ok, I can say Bollywood is coming upto the Mark.. people just taking it seriously and assuming anti Hindu but it's not actually... just enjoy the show, the plot , performances and direction are right on the money Average tv show made worthless with propoganda.
Genaral crime series with very less value to add to existing pattern. Now a days it is in trend to show anti Hindu propaganda and playing Muslim victim card. Its perfect recipe to make a show hit. Mocking Indian culture is the key. Don't watch it guys.... It's defaming our hindu culture.... Insulting Hindu God and culture Total waste of time. The story line is very poor and too slow. Jaideep acted really well but by the end you will feel like you have been fooled. There are many great series out there and don't waste your time watching Paatal lok. This is a must watch series by amazon prime. Can't wait for season 2. Watch this for the hell of an exceptional, and truly crisp Indian cinematic experience that it offers. It's unadulterated, raw and beautiful, never trying to be self-righteous or feel-good for the audience (that a lot of series tempt themselves into), thus staying true to the core.<br/><br/>At the end you can believe and relate more to the story, while it also shows a hard-hitting mirror to the bourgeoisie society that we're essentially a part of.<br/><br/>It does require a certain level of maturity to appreciate, I feel, probably why it's super strong on critical reviews while not so much from an average Indian audience. Also, skip it if you're triggered/offended easily. When I started watching this show. Really I could not resist myself from seeing it Loved #PatalLok . Brilliantly made, acted and written. What a disturbing (and real) take on current state of populist politics and cultural divide in India, which continues to be made worse every day, obviously, by propaganda news/media. Must watch. Highlights of the series are The way the common criminals are shown as terrorists,religious misconceptions,poor life of Transgender,caste discrimination and Ugly local Politics, Ugly Media-Hard Hitting and Thought Provoking.Take a bow to the entire team Brilliant performances, solid story, meticulous technical work, rock solid production and wonderful screenplay. Trust me this series deserves all these, or even more accolades. Not only it captures the nuances of life, it enthrals the audience in various ways. Most amazing, exciting and gripping rolar coaster of a paatal lok ever. My favourite programme and the best I've ever watched Really good series, much better than any I have seen so far. Superb acting by every one, beast dialogues and excellent direction. You don't get bored for a single second, every episode is exciting and filled with thrill... Just loved it. The series is suberb 10/10. The reality of Indian society is shown by different stories woven together by a main plot. However the main plot got pale by the end but the series keeps you on the edge and never lets you feel that its boring. Paatal Lok - Delhi police intercept four criminals attempting to assassinate a prominent TV journalist Sanjeev Mehra (Neeraj Kabi) and assign Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary (Jaideep Ahlawat) to investigate the plot and frame the charge sheet. To Hathi Ram, this is one huge opportunity that he must grab with all his might to wriggle out of his ignominious existence and progress in his otherwise graceless career. Supported by his assistant, the young and aspiring Ansari (Ishwak Singh), he starts to build the case that seems to involve some strange people - builders, politicians, petty criminals, middlemen and interestingly, the past lives of those four apprehended, going back to their roots. However, a series of bungled moves and judgemental errors throw Hathi Ram off the case and CBI steps in. Almost certain that CBI quickly wanted to wrap up the case to make it look like an international terrorist plot, Hathi Ram continues with his search for the truth and begins to connect the dots, against the wishes of his superiors. What he discovers is actually a muxh wider, sinister plot wherein the assassination of Mehra is a mere decoy that the subject master manipulator has taken an unprecedented advantage of to make his position enviable.<br/><br/>Paatal Lok achieves a lot in its first season. It is gripping, has a palpable tension mounting with its progress and underscores a number of topics with an an unpretentious endeavor. The seemingly petty crimes in the dark underbelly of Delhi, their primal connections to other parts of the country, the understated struggles of the minorities, the attitudes towards them and yellow journalism, it tackles all of them with credible sketches. Directors Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy have done a commendable job in balancing the act. Top class performances from Jaideep Ahlawat and Neeraj Kabi are enthusiastically supported by Gul Panag, Ishwak Singh, Niharika Lyra Dutt, Jagjeet Sandhu, Mariembam Ronaldo Singh. But two artists must be lauded for essaying firecracker performances - Swastika Mukherjee as the hypersensitive Dolly Mehra suffering from frequent panic attacks and Abhishek Banerjee as Hathoda Tyagi, the mute kingpin of the assassination plot. It's an unmissable series worthy of binge watching. I've binged watched Paatal lok. The series has literally chauffeured me around the three lok, which fictionally represents how the world actually runs around here. The characters were brilliant, the plot was intriguing. Watching Paatal lok was the best film experiences I've ever had. This series is a masterpiece! This episode is so good now waiting for the next season badly Relatability by having multiple characters and their own story lines A special applause to Abhishek Banerjee who proofs that performance can be set as benchmark without dialogues, if your expressions have so much to speak. I read a lot of reviews about ppl saying it is anti-hindu. If it is anything it breaks a lot of stereotypes in any form of caste to religion etc . It is against any kind of tribalism. Infact it also made a lot of fun of pseudo secularists who turned out to be the biggest evil for the society.
For ppl who r reviewing this one pls dive in deep to see the layers of society. It actually makes u question everything. This movie has hit the right spot.
If u have such a weak belly for any kind of cricism of any community pls don't watch any movie based on socialism and policial dramas.I think it would be best for you stick to superhero movies.
As for the movie, it had an awesome cast, acting, script had a lot of layers and most importantly it was gripping till the end.
This movie was totally believable and I would recommend it to everyone.
I see a bright future of content from India. After asura which was a bit similar this one would be easily the best I have seen so far from India
Keep it up guys. Jaideep Ahlawat does a tremendous job as Hathi Ram Chaudhary. The story is captivating and you will love this thriller. Definitely binge worthy. Hateful, communist propegenda,. Boaring. poor direction. But lead actor worked very well Watching paatal lok was the best thing for me in 2020.It deserves so much appreciation. This is something no one will ever ask you to not watch.So go for it surely and then you can't stop loving it.Also special appreciation to Jai deep All away, he has done a tremendous work, *applauds loudly* Many righty reviewers didnt rate this good but keep your orange goggles aside and go for the show i promise you will be very proud that india is now creating such a brilliant content. At first I was a little hesitant to watch the series as it lacked start cast, but i must say it turned out to be the best watched Hindi series of 2020. Enjoyed it till the end. Grippy story and very good cast of actors. Exceptionally good story and acting. definitely worth seeing. Well thought out plots, characters, settings and really good storytelling. Overall the propaganda against the show is disappointing It's decent... Acting is good.. Apart from that, not even close to the standard of family man.. story picks up only after 5th episode.. and in a nutshell, nothing suspensful and not even a conspiracy..! Maybe you can watch if you can settle for some slow hindi drama.. In the end, I felt like it was way too many episodes.. I couldn't breathe as Abhishek Banerjee comes on screen, hardly 10 dialogues in the entre we series but his haunting presence felt deeply unsettling.<br/><br/>This man acts with his eyes and what a U-turn from the most likeable Jana from Stree.<br/><br/>Hats off!!! Such an awesome awesome show. Great acting with a script well written. It's engaging and it's riveting. It's layered storytelling with full command of a filmmakers' craft. An achievement of India in film making. Paatal Lok is so good that I suspect the makers of this series will never be able to create a better one themselves!
From narration to writing to screenplay to photography to direction to acting, Paatal Lok is as close to perfection as any work of cinema could get.
It's rare enough to see a piece of work like this, rarer even to Indian makers to come up with something which is so apt, so relevant and yet does not give in to the makers temptation to self indulge and over intellectualise their creation, which was a bane for something like Sacred Games.
Paatal Lok doesn't fit into a genre, it doesn't try to be a noir and that's where it's beauty lies. It is seeped in reality and not just the sociopolitical kinds. The police station is real, the way the police conducts itself is real, the new born puppies with their eyes not yet open..... haven't seen reality like this....which doesn't Tom Tom the fact that reality is being portrayed.
There's so much to like about Paatal Lok that it will require pages to describe it all.
Quite simply, as an Indian, I am proud that such an amazing piece of creative work has come from my country.
Thank you to the makers of Paatal Lok Hindutava More realistic and more awesome web series.
Amazon prime make a boom now What a simple yet marvelous storytelling joyride this was, could there be next season soon please? Paatal Lok is an Indian Web Series released in Amazon Prime in 2020. It's a slow-paced crime thriller that revolves around the capital state of India, and its neighboring states. The story focus in detail about the social, political, and economical aspects of the various classes of Indian society.<br/><br/>Every character has a detailed back story about their past. The makers had exposed the inside view of the modern breaking-news media culture, Islamophobia, casteism, sexism, and religious atrocities. Also, they focus on the father-son, husband-wife relationships. "SUPERB"
Series.<br/><br/>"BRILLIANT"
Work.<br/><br/>"EXCELLENT"
Execution.<br/><br/>"CONGRATULATION"
To all acters and members of this series.<br/><br/>"THANKS"
For your this creation. I can't believe that people have given negative reviews to one of the best series coming from India. It's disappointing to see so much prejudice in people's mind and heart just because the series has made them a bit uncomfortable. Common guys we live in a modern world where we can critically analyse things without being prejudice. Same people loved sacred games. If you compare the two this one is way ahead. One of the best. Must watch. Very entertaining and thrilling! Another cop drama hit the screens.. But team it up with some top notch actors at their career best and you have a winner ..<br/><br/>Highs - superb acting (special mention to jaideep ahlawat), buildup , direction and clear story telling..<br/><br/>Lows - Few episodes in the middle feels dragged..<br/><br/>It's definitely not to be missed .. Everything is good about it.! Its so much watchable as the suspense quotient never drops and you want to binge watch it till the end. The screenplay and excellent acting of the characters keeps the quality up till the end. The real hero in this series is the story. Beautifully captured by competent directors, the storyline goes deep into the integral flaws of humans. So much so that, at one point in time, you find the dogs in the show better than the humans.<br/><br/>If you let the first two episodes by, and try and absorb the tone of this pitch dark thriller, you would see what all it unearths. There is a brutal take on communal violence, castism... Many times in the story I felt so safe being in the neighborhood that I live in as the one which we don't know and the one which gets showcased here is totally a harsh environment.<br/><br/>As a police procedural drama too , it is clinical.<br/><br/>There are certain characters although not thoroughly admirable, nonetheless are so succinctly created and even more beautifully portrayed. I especially liked the characters of Hathi Ram and his young protege. The juxtaposition of different religions and how inadvertently, we treat others who are not like us, is so deftly portrayed.<br/><br/>Jaideep Ahlawat is just too good. If you felt Saif was awesome in Sacred Games , but Manoj Bajpayee outplayed Saif with his brand of cop... Then you must watch Ahlawat.. for me his performance is just right there with Manoj Bajpayee's performance in The Family Man.<br/><br/>Give it a go as it surely doesn't disappoint. Must watch web series in 2020..all actor have done a good job but jaideep ahalwat is nailed it in hathiram chodhary ,a common police man ..i loved it.. An awesome crime series....keeps you glued till the end....not a single moment is wasted.....!! One of the best webseries, little bit slow but the content, story line, acting are superb. And very important that the reality of indian politics they showed with courage, salute for that.especially hindutva fascist regime exist in india. it exposes islamophobia, present media and also caste system in india This is my first review on IMDb. But believe me I cannot resist myself from writing this. Well a crime is a part of every culture and you cannot imagine a society without this factor,atleast in india. Patal lok shows exceptional screen writing,a very true and dirty nature of white collars and there need for the criminals. I may sound over ambitious but this series is better than money heist,breaking bad in case of every minute aspect. The acting is top notch,specially ahlawat sir...Hatts off. All charectors in each and every part are fine tuned to perfection. The directorial duo done a fabulous job by handling this epic story in a very daring manner. It needs guts to carry the whole 9 parts story without any big names from the industry. I am very happy and also very confident that this crew will come with more surprises in future. This is indian cinema at its best. Once again...This is a masterpiece and one who loves true crime thrillers must watch it. Hatts off. First of all let me clarify about the unnecessary controversies about this brilliant series. There is nothing in story promoting so called Islamophobia or Hindutva. It is little bit of how politicians and media exploit sentiments of general public, but mainly a very intense investigative series and worth watching. You'll love it for sure.👌 The astonishing show covers the suffering of people from different sections of India and to provide them with the voice of underlying hatred in our system and society to ignore the real truth and get attracted to easy digestible news. The best was the scriptwriting and as it was tight and engaging, others also justified the same. Whether it's direction, or acting or cinematography, everyone justified it and ultimately what baked out was a delicious one🍮 Pataal lok is all about power and politics which is very common in India. Acting, story, background score, dialogues, picturisation all is good. If you liked sacred games, gang of vassaypur your will love this. Its very rare that u find such an intricate stories shown on the screen with such brilliance. evry story has been given the right time and amnt on screen which makes the viewing experience always on the edge. And with that top story line u have good performance by jaideep, abhisheek and Neeraj. Paatal Lok is one of those series which makes you feel good about its end. You have complete arcs of the characters, some great performances and very realistic storytelling. This series stands out for its dark narration and insane visuals. What a highly dramatic, suspenseful, crime thriller it is...From the starting of the series, when Inspector Hathi Ram introduces the introduction of Patal Lok, to the end of the Swarg Dwaar enlightenment. Fabulous, Outstanding plot, Awesome Acting and Direction and best is the screenplay, how slowly n dramatically the curtains are raised.Wow. This is just one of the best shows we got to see, and best of physchocological crime thriller. It also shows you the dark reality of indian society such as casteism, child molestation, n how rapes are fine in village to teach lesson, n how we are blinded by religious hate, its very very applauding to write and show these dark side of society and make them aware that this is not good, its actually a bad. It depends on society, how to take it whether to change it totally or keep continuing the horror. That is why education should be given to all for free, so that everyone could stand on their own feet n oppose the bad societal practice.
One one note, Patal lok is where we are living right now, and thats what shown here in a brilliant manner. Hats off, a level of series.
10/10 for such great entertainment. Great series, shows the reality of today's media, police and politicians. All the actors are amazing. This is much realistic and advanced thriller, wayyyy better than Sacred Games. This is actually what is happening in the country! True picture.. lot of pro government won't like the series and will give low reviews but just watch it being a neutral viewer and you will love it!
I still wonder how in this era when every filmmaker is trying to please the government someone actually came up with this realistic approach! Hats off to the directors The thing that stood out for me was that each character had a back story which tried to show us their side of the story. Commendable performances in an unscattered story line with raw depiction of the state of affairs in India makes this series a unique and memorable watch. No way its a 7.5 rated serious. Perfect 10 is the number
Absolutley masterpiece and gem of an actors and especially the director never wandered away from the story. Hats ov to the story line Very well directed, script writing and dialogues. Jaideep acting was highly impressive. casting people did a great job by casting Jaideep. He fitted as a perfect lead actor in every situation with his superb acting skills. Apart from this, this show paatal lok had covered every disaster going on in india right now as discriminating, killing, beating people based up on their religion and caste by hypothetically "proclaimed" upper caste Hindus with their fake hindutva propaganda. This is my First review of any Indian made Movie/TV. I saw it in amazon prime and searched where to provide the 10/10 ratings. Please see this irrespective of the overall rating. The work done by all team is marvelous. Jaideep Ahlawat truly gave one of the best performances.
Script, Direction, Acting, cinematography, editing, casting is perfect. Hope the team will make more good work like this in future. Superb acting with superb story will keep you stuck to your laptop for all 9 episodes..thats a bet.. #sanjuzzreviews
Review of Web Series - Patal Lok streaming on Prime Video<br/><br/>Patal Lok is a dark thriller which showcases the seedy underbelly of urban Delhi & rural North India.<br/><br/>This nine part series starts off with the arrest of four assassins tasked to kill the star news anchor of a television channel ( Niraj Kabi).<br/><br/>An honest but frustrated cop ( Jaideep Ahlawat) is assigned the job of closing the paperwork of this seemingly open and shut case. As he delves deeper with his young assistant Ansari , he uncovers a lot of unsettling facts culminating in a chilling climax.<br/><br/>Casting is bang on with Jaideep Ahlawat, Neeraj Kabi, Niharika Dutt, Ishwak Singh, Gul Panag and Swastika Mukherjee playing their parts to perfection.<br/><br/>However on the flipside, too many sub plots tend to slow down the pace. Also the profanity, graphic violence and sexual abuse could have been toned down a bit ,makes you cringe at times .<br/><br/>Verdict:
A winner all the way despite some of its shortcomings. "Bingewatch worthy" but not for the faint hearted. You will enjoy it if you liked She (Netflix) , Asur (Voot) and Abhay Deol's Manorama -Six feet under.<br/><br/>9 stars out of 10 from me.... Adios! This series is a great attempt to showcase harsh reality of current time Man is not born evil, it is the society, circumstances of life, misery and helplessness that propel one to evil deeds. This show awakens you from ignorance and slaps you with the reality which we do not want to see. A must watch but make sure to descend in the gutters to see how life evolves there. Fantastic piece of work. My Rating : 6/10<br/><br/>Well-written, slow-burning drama in the vein of similar crime shows intended for the small screen. Good actors put to good use.<br/><br/>The series has a political slant throughout but it doesn't overpower the drama and the moral dilemmas which are universal in nature - a firm desire for truth and justice being pertinent constituents.<br/><br/>On the downside I found it very one-note and slow in pacing with not enough twists and turns, YMMV.<br/><br/>A good show overall - for entertainment purposes. First of all the series has a new story accompanied with good acting of the lead characters. Casting is fantastic and they did justice with their roles. All the bads in the given character has a background story which the narrator did not wish to glorify which I think is a good thing, let the viewer decide what they want to make out of the character.
Now coming to Hinduphobia, the series do highlights the same. C'mon what happened to the Indian web series industry??? Can't the produce any show without hindu muslim angle, army, feminism and so on so forth??
Having said this, one must not berate the series for any parameters other than acting, casting, story, direction etc etc....
If my opinion to be considered please watch the show, atleast you would know the going on controversy with the same. Mind blowing plot.. slow but very very steady.. I highly recommend this watch ... I initially thought it was one of em Gangs of Wasepur dhisum dhisum... But it was totally different.. Wel layers, top notch acting, good direction and finally a series in India which focused on characterisation. Totally worth... At first it seemed a little bit 'hindu phobic' but as the pages goes swirling the reality comes in light and the great sub-ordination of the conflicts made to balance it's conspiracy level.
Later on at end it cleared in conspiratorial way the reality of paatal lok.<br/><br/>thank you...it's confidential. This show is easily one of the best shows I have watched and that includes shows from all over the world. Very well paced, very tightly scripted, beautifully treated, well directed, exceptional acting and professional production values. It is one of those shows which should be a sole seasoner, a second season might take away the beautiful sheen from it. Kudos to everyone involved with the show. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. Story details - A cop considered average by his bosses and peers gets assigned a high profile case and he makes solving it his life's mission, come what may.
The series beautifully explores his life of an underachiever who lives with his loving and gullible wife and rebellious son with who he struggles to connect and earn respect. The other main characters are his fellow policemen (Ansari), bosses, the suspects who have been arrested for planning the murder of a top journalist (brilliantly played by Neeraj Kabi).
How he solves this complex high profile case, the social and political games he gets caught in, and how the supposed victim exploits this situation to his advantage form the series.<br/><br/>What's good -Great acting by everyone, special mention for Ahalwat who literally lives this roleGood plot and directionPresents a fairly balanced view of the social and political scene of the country without taking sidesNo open ending !!
What's notThe plot in Chitrakoot not exploited fully.Editing could have been betterLacks pace and thrill at times
Overall -It's a very well made series which surely deserves a watch. If you enjoy socio-political series, this should be on your watch list. Most realistic Indian web series ever......surpassed the previous neo noirs ( Sacred Games & Mirzapur )......it is at times so dark that it gets spine chilling .....10/10 Just awsm.... Outstanding acting.. storyline....and direction.... Once again a show full of cliches. Based on anti-hindu sentiment, portrayal of muslims as victims and being discriminated against, journos are heros etc. Clearly you can see leftist propaganda that goes around on twitter these days being pushed here. If you can ignore all the propaganda and hinduphobic stuff, you give it a try for the good performances by the actors. Average script , end was pretty much predictable .It was to be very frank a waste of time. Wish this had zero ratings. It definitely deserves one. It is pure hatred for hindus in hindu majority country. Try to script the same series other way round. Let's see if these makers will be alive after that. Would have rated even less if given the option considering the Hinduphobia ozzing at every strand of every scene! #pataallok Watching the third episode ,it started of well but writers have put in unnecessary propganda and spoiled it all ,why can't a series be made just with some good story without any narrative and without biassedness ,such great actors but so much political Inclination.<br/><br/>The plot was really good but the way it has been portrayed shows only one thing ,it looks as if the director is trying to impose his thought process in the viewer ! What a waste of talent The series is definitely well written, very well directed but it all has been used to peddle a fake agenda and fake news from past. Many incidents shown in the series are inspired from real life incidents of last few years. But they are shown from the political perspective of only one section of society or ideology of people. While the truth is they have been proved otherwise either by the courts or facts available. Many scenes show Hindu community in a certain light. The show would have been equally good even without those scenes. What's shown in those scenes is not a common practice either, there will be only few in a billion or so. But the way they have been shown puts the Hindu community in a wrong light. And it all is obviously deliberate. Very week story line with illogical ending...No dialogues to main character Tyagi,Tyagi is big actor but he speak hardly 2 lines in 9 episodes.<br/><br/>Very -2 disappointed after watching all 9 episodes. I also lost my faith  because 8-9 rating is not justified. Plot is weak although performances of different actors have been generous. Even so, the whole Islamophobia and Minority Bashing indoctrination have been unfair and used to stereotype a vast population and the show tries to scoop out engagement via manufactured emotions rather than actually presenting content which generates those emotions spontaneously.<br/><br/>Weak plot with a strong cast makes it look like a dilapidated construction which tries to hide its ugliness in temporary Paintjobs.<br/><br/>But then again, it's an Anushka Sharma production, so this pseudoliberalism was expected. There is too much hype of the show that the show is masterpiece but totally garbage.<br/><br/>If you think to it worth to watch it is only one dialogue is popular . In earth there is three lok darta lok Swarg lok patal lok<br/><br/>Story 3 out 10
Direction 6 out 10
Music 9 out of 10 specially Panjabi so.ng Although the concept and the production is good, the series gets too predictable very quickly. Its not more than a one time watch. The iconography used in the series also looks bit of force fitted just for the sake of it completely neglecting the actual need of the script. This ruins the flow of the series and makes the delivery borderline cringy. Better screenplay writers would have definitely helped here. Seems anti everything Indian, but entertaining. It's annoying to see that it tries to show communities that are mostly peaceful in bad light. Well it's fiction, but still. Sex bikta h gaali bikti h 1 star
Muslum boy hindu girl thats it. Y not muslim girl with hibdu boy Being a RW, my review can be seen as biased but I am sticking with applicable factors of entertainment and neutral viewership.
1. The plot is thick but gives away the suspense very early.
2. Lead actors are superb such as Jaideep, Ishwak, Neeraj, Abhishek, Jagjeet etc.
3. Portrayed the life of a common man of Hindi speaking states, sycophancy in police & politics, maltreatment of ladies & girls in many parts of North India, goon culture, religious enmity. The director has a biased view on religious clashes. Seemingly, the director, writer etc have Nil experience of living in dominant Muslim areas (definitely they have the experience of Muslims in entertainment world)
4. Watch once to experience the immersive acting of Jaideep. Sad that Abhishek got less screen time.
5. Could have rated more if it was not Savitri the dog, affection of Hathoda Tyagi for Dogs & his deliberation, more importantly not able to hold suspense. The storyline has good potential , the actors' performances were good, but like any other indian web series, unwanted propaganda spoiled the otherwise great series... A heavy-hearted 5/10 Propaganda series to portray Govt. CBI, Hindus and pro govt media in bad light. It slowly moved to it's main point to glorify terrorist as victims of govt. Conspiracy. There are certain scenes where there have been bad portyal of Hinduism which is beyond the reality. They have tried to show Hinduism as a bad religion. Everything is on the nose, there's no subtlety. They state everything twice or thrice. Shows less, tells more. Apart from the amazing leads the rest of the acting is bordering on pathetic. To be honest it starts well but in the end logic goes for a toss. Characters make decisions which makes no sense. The direction is weak, the script sub-par. It scores low on even technical points like cinematography.Disappointing One of the finest Crime series from India after Sacred games. Must watch and binge worthy How can you stop watching a series where you get to see politics, gang war, the reality of indian caste system, yellow journalism, an honest man's struggle against corruption!!
Great acting, even better concept, and What A Climax!!!
#SwastikaMukherjee I love your acting Always.. #AbhishekBanerjee #JaideepAhlawat #IshwakSingh #NeerajKabi
#PrositRoy What a comeback..
Congratulations to the whole team for creating a series which can be an eye-opener for many.. Totally bing watch worthy. Amazing plot, script, direction and acting. The best Hindi show streaming now. When is Season 2 #PatalLok Although Bitter relation with immediate boss and Suspension for Investigation remained me The Sacred games but not the same. Everyone's performance is very well. Good suspense, that kept me watching the whole. I liked it and hope you guys wont disappointed. It is breathtaking!
The story gradually progresses from episode 1-9, with each episode having something new.
The last few episodes were bit difficult to understand, especially the last episode. A lot of things were crammed in it. Might have to watch it (whole series) more than once to catch it.
The name 'Patal lok' was used to represent the two sides of world. One of them, extremely rich and glamorous, the other dark and gloomy. There were some amazing transitions between the two worlds.
The ending was great, simply wonderful. I don't think season 2 will be coming. Dog name is 'Savitri'
police station having hindu gods
lynching scene shown by saffron clad men
showing hindu policemen ranting about policmen who is from kashmir
when hindi policemen praying the muslim policemen gets out of the room
and lot more......<br/><br/>a propaganda film more like spreading hate towards hindu community Paatal lok is all that and more. The characters are created in a way that each is justified in what they do . There are no good or bad guys , they are just people carrying on the legacy or bad circumstances. All actors have done justice to their role. Kudos to the directors for extracting the best from everyone. My congratulations to Anushka Sharma for coming up with this brave series in these very troubled times.
The overall rating needs to be much higher but guess the trolling has pulled the rating down, whatever the case I would say its a milestone in Indian series history and will be referred in all teaching classes. Has to be the best show to come out of India so far. Brilliant direction and stellar performances from every actor involved. A gripping modern day thriller with very suspense scnes.. Neeraj kabi and Jaideep Ahlawat is just mind blowing and their character is very well written .. Paatal lok is one of the best web series to be released this year. The power packed star cast makes it even more interesting.
Jaideep Ahlawat as hathi ram choudhary is spectacular. An honest cop character is what suits him the best. It defies their overall approach, that is of deeper probe into things. Though this show could have been the best Indian show yet (Delhi Crime and Little things for me!) but it fails to be so for many reasons. All characters are extremely layered and grey. Hati Ram Chaudhury is flawed, vulnerable, stubborn and strong at the same time. There's more it also somewhat points its eye-hole towards the higher echelons of power and its exploitative nature If you want to watch something good..watch this series Acting was top notch as well.and good acting i was hooked to it from the very first episode, the main character is a true representation of the everyday man, flawed yet tenacious. The characters were intricately put together and the pacing was absolutely perfect. This is an absolute gem and it needs to be experienced. Absolutely loved it, Awsm series with perfect story and acting ..
Everything is perfect Every actor played their role nicely ..good story..go and watch Really loved watching the series every second was having a twist and trill loved it. Must Watch Suspense Crime Thriller. #PAATALLOK
Paatal lok is one of the best web series to be released this year
Great Acting, superb performance especially by Jaideep Ahlawat - An honest cop character is what suits him the best.
Keeps you hooked on the seat till the last minute of it's run. In simple words a must watch for every web series lover Awesome Bingwatch, after long time seen such a fantabulous series that covers most of the diverse community subject, Series spotlights all the sensitive subjects that exist in society and very well played that you will not feel it's over played, perfect combination, perfectly executed series hats off to all the actors especially Jiadeep for doing excellent job. Amazing and extremely engaging series.. Highly recommended for people who love Suspense Thriller It is the best series i have ever watched.Incredible character development and the acting is top notch! Simply an amazing show. I don't know when the last time I saw a total perfect Indian show! It's a perfect 10 for me! What a show! What a performance by all starcast!Every episode had such a wonderful balance, you can't predict their next moves. The music and sound design of the show was beautiful.This is one show which got me hooked from the very first episode until the last one. Vishal aka Hathoda Tyagi, Paatal Lok.<br/><br/>Abhishek Banerjee pulls a stunner out of his hat as a volatile serial killer who is the pure definition of evil and sheer ruthlessness. During the total 9 episodes of the series, he barely speaks a couple times but his silence and expressions speak volumes. His blank and remorseless stare can make you uneasy even at your best moments and send a chill down your spine.<br/><br/>His story is often compared with the Demon God Hiranyakashyap, who was blessed by God Brahma himself. Hathoda Tyagi's actions also compel us to make his comparisons with a demon, who has mistakenly taken birth on Earth, so he can torment everyone whom he comes in contact, with an utter lack of empathy.<br/><br/>An exemplary performance by an actor who has been known most to play lighter sidekicks of main protagonists in comedy movies. Hathoda Tyagi will sure keep you up at nights.<br/><br/>So, beware and save yourself from his sinister motives!!! Every episode is a chain of next and you will find each step is connected smartly and the cast is awesome in their part i just can't wait to start the show so i started when no ratings is available in IMDB and i found a great content and just watch it guys...if you are crazy about great story so this story is not to miss...just go and watch....... Same low on research loosely written crappy violent gory TV series. Nothing is new same bollywood clichés, pls don't waste time. Story looks so scattered because there is lot of characters but jaydeep ahlawat has done marvelous job gives his best......story has lot of potential to if it is treated more natural & with some more political essence......... Wanted to see more of the suspect's story and their quest to get released . Story is kind of predictable.
Doesnt have the Wow factor Each to their own, Paatal lok is good but not great. I would say its better than sacred games but a notch behind mirzapur.<br/><br/>Ultimately the series explores how the powerful use the poor, taking advantage of their desperation. A poor man has nothing to lose so will kill if pushed. Mix it in with a dose of politics, religion and sect issue.<br/><br/>Oh and not to forget, the affair, and adult scenes. For India this level of adultery is New so it seems to be thrown into every series even when there is no need for it.<br/><br/>On the whole good acting. I just watched it acting is good but again with same Propaganda against Hindus & Hinduism.. You should watch this it just🔥🔥🔥you can't miss it What a great story and great performance by Jaideep Ahlawat , I like Jaideep Ahlawat since the time Gang of wassepura and also from Commando movie.
Full marks to the script writer and director. This is surely going to be remembered as a classic. Surely the best show if you understand its true meaning. Comparable to a hollywood movie. We Indians have become too used to watching the same plot stories and movies (usually one of those salman khan movies where he is always the hero)in theatres. This has spoilt the type of content being produced in India. However this show is a game changer and will surely change the content scenario of India. FInally we get to consume some real cinema and Indian movies can win big at the oscars. (Spoiler alert)<br/><br/>So a professional killer with 30 + murders (dont exactly remember) decides to not kill because he loves dogs and the so called target patted one !
The jist :) Great storyline, performances,and tries to show the present situation in the country and how people are divided in socially in the name of caste ;oppressing the weak, and forgetting we are all humans made out of flesh n blood The show is literally awesome including everything from the roots of our societal system to the epitome of malpractices in our political system. Actors have bad perfomances, plot is sluggish. People uses foul languages without any such requirement in the plot. Just saw Patal Lok. The Story is OK however the subtle propaganda that the creators have tried to play against the Hindu Community just leaves a bad taste in the mouth. They either think people are too stupid to see through their game or are just too naive to overlook the same. Right for the Caste atrocities to the killing of a person in the name of beef which was later proved false. Yes I agree India is replete with crimes against the Muslim community its equity replete with crimes towards the Hindus. If the creators thought that showing one side of the story was being liberal, I say they were being criminal in their intent. The story without these gimmicks could have been much more enjoyable! This series is epitome of cliches you've probably seen by now in most of shows if you love binge watching shows. Also the hinduphobia is evident in every single frame.
The makers of the show have done a terrible job. I was expecting so much from the teaser and trailer but after wasted 3 hours on it. I felt cheated Poor plot and direction. Even though having great actors. Boring...story is too slow at times defaming a community wont make it cool...no content at all This show has nothing to offer. The makers of this show thought that by inserting cuss words at the end of every sentence they achieved class in series making.
Literal garb in the name of a series. Highly faltu show with bogus narratives suiting certain agendas . The tv series is given good reviews very because India is liberal country where you can show anything against Hindu religion. A lot of soft corner to Muslim religion almost like the only religion in India who is victim which is very biased. The producers, directors story writers came with agenda and they did not had guts to show anything against this peace loving religion. What Brilliant Show..
Jaideep And Benraji What acting..
Overall web series is 😍😍😍 At first those who are giving negative review based on their vested interest please guys stop this and give the series what it deserves. It has a strong storyline, beautiful narrative and above all a strong cast. One of the best web series of recent times. It has not propagated anything as mentioned by some viewers. Please watch it before giving negative review and decide yourself PaatalLok is one of the best series to have come to reality in recent times. Right from Episode 1, it is supposed to get a normal person hooked. The beauty in which it has dealt with complex topic with nuance, is commendable. The writers-directors deserve a huge applause for writing the screenplay in the way they did. Obviously people will say what they have to say ( agenda and nonsense ). The moral compass of people is so shaken in these times, that the low ratings will obviously reflect that. As if the writers need to please them.
Real salute to the producers for backing such a content. Kudos to the team. Jaideep Ahlawat rocked it. Amazing web series and thrilling A beautifully directed and written story
Amazing job done by the actors too Excellent storytelling and casting. Pataal lok is most convincing and close to reality crime thriller content. This had me hooked from episode 1 and had me in awe till the end. Can't praise the cast and crew enough, however it felt like the show was bending over backwards to show Muslims as peace loving , tolerant and compassionate people, especially one of the only positive character in this show is a young Muslim cop and the show constantly reminds us he's Muslim and Hindus are shown as violent and blood thirsty. Keeping that aside,the show is immensely enjoyable and I'd go as far as saying I enjoyed it more than Sacred Games. Well written and shot with an intriguing story line,
Must watch A story of a middle class Delhi cop (represents the Bhoolok) with nothing much to do in his life gets a case of murder attempt on a celebrated TV journalist (Reps the Swarga Lok) by a notorious criminal Hathoda Tyagi (Reps the Pataal lok) moves in a grippy way with extreme twists and Ugly truths. Totally Totally Impressed with Paatal Lok, A
Dark Crime Geo Political thriller drama with typical real Indian Elements. Not to compare with likes of Mirzapur or Sacred games...but this is all a new and gripping Web series...Jaideep is brilliant so as other supporting caste.... Full of propaganda and hinduphobic webseries
Don't watch it Nothing new that already audience saw in sacred games. Characters changed, name changed and story changed but overall perspective of showing religious differences between 2 communities remains the limelight throughout the series.
Only good part is showing the reality of media in every way possible, gold to see indian series raising this issue.<br/><br/>Season seemed much better in the first half of the series but later added part just to make it like other series made it lame to be watched.<br/><br/>Overall just an average series that will just be watched because of the lockdown and all the slangs. At the end thanks to this time for making this series successful The plot and the story just resembled teh older Sacred Games and the Family Man. This is no differ than those. Prime should really change and go for a bigger content here. #PaatalLok is a propaganda serial to portray GOVT, CBI, HINDUS and Pro Govt Media in bad light<br/><br/>After it captures viewers Intrest in first 3-4 episodes it slowly moves to it's main point to Glorify Terrorist as victims of GOVT Conspiracy. People don't support them anymore, so they made a video series out of frustration The plot is thread bare - an apparently failed attempt of murder with unnecessary and irrelevant side stories. Now if you are asked to stretch such a thin story across several episodes how can you have an interesting story? There's no story to tell here so we labor from episode to episode wondering what's happening.<br/><br/>Swastika Mukherjee was wasted in a pointless side track, so were some seven or so actors who have no contribution to the main story, they exist because perhaps Anushka wanted them to be there and it was upto the writer to figure out what to do with them, that's what he/she did. If you like this TV series because it is produced by Anushka Sharma or because you are a fan of Kohli, go ahead and watch it, because there's no reason to like it. Lots of details were ignored in PAATAL LOK which resulted in lots of holes in the plot.For example why did it take so long to look for the yellow phone when this should have been done almost immediately?When found were the contents analysed and discussed at a higher level?
How were dangerous criminals arrested without any handcuffs put on them?Hathi Ram lost his main notebook and he never noticed it missing, until it was shown to him by a journalist who had taken it.
He notices the chaiwala glaring at Cheeni and she at him and does not take any action on that.
These are just a few examples.
The makers should have paid much keener attention to the details and not allow an excellent script to have so many holes.The acting by almost everyone was competent with the standouts being Hathi Ram and Tyagi.Gul Panang was totally wasted in the home as her role had no substance whatsoever.
All in all with more dedication and focus this show could have been even better than it ended up being. Paatal Lok, an Indian drama series. I don't know how to explain what level of drama it displayed.<br/><br/>Story - It shows how to build the story with ease.
Plot - In one word, fantastic.
Acting - Everyone did their best. This is by far one of the best castings for a TV series.<br/><br/>I am just an audience and have no idea how to write a review. All I tried to explain my feelings through this review. A must watch series, and I dare not to miss it. If you like Thriller movies just go for it......Character Transformation Just Fabulous..
Must Watch Category.. "Paatal Lok" is an Investigative Crime Thriller web series available on Amazon Prime. The story is fairly impressive, very well written and solid on paper. All the characters have a character Arc, which are fleshed out brilliantly. The writers have done a commendable job as it's loaded with a strong socio-political commentary along with some humor and metaphors. There's some deep seated darkness and despondency which'll hook it's viewers toward the screen.<br/><br/>The show was very well directed and I loved the carefully selected cast who were on their peak. The bonus for the viewers here'll be the side plots, which are extremely heavy to consume and reflects a lot of things that many people might not like or which can create controversies.<br/><br/>This is one of those fewest Indian series, which didn't disappointed me with it's ending. It was quite satisfying and atypical. This was definitely THE BEST Indian thriller web series so far, according to me. I would give it a flat 9/10 I watched it thrice.
Jaideep Ahlawat in role of Hathi ram is my favourite. Very real.. Raw and brutal in its depiction of Core of the middle class /rural setting in India..<br/><br/>Truly amazing when merging the cultures and languages.. Feels natural even though almost 4 to 5 languages used throughout.. I guess for us Indians it's normal and does not feel odd anymore. Characters are well developed and actors have done well. Neeraj Soni-Kudos..<br/><br/>Many may feel that slight irritation as they crave lack of natural justice at the end, however we need to remember and highlight the teachings displayed so boldly through the course of the story... LGBTQ rights and their unfavourable treatment, making of criminals and society's role in it at large, casteism which drives a majority of power equations and rape culture..all these are prevalent and highlighted front, right and center.<br/><br/>Only suggestion: Middle part editing could have been more taut/crisp and could have lead to better product overall<br/><br/>Kudos to anushka sharma and team for the excellent work. Over the years, nothing much to be appreciated in the regional series, but this one broke the monotony, the plot and ending was intense and smooth, real good one Really enjoyed it ..awsm webseries in thi boring lockdown Loved the story line, Casting and the Direction. Dog connection is the best thing and the way it is shown throughout. This is what is called technically sound web series. Initially felt slow. But last 3 episodes are too good. Impressed with the climax & how beautifully they have portrayed the topic.
Fantastic acting by Jaideep Ahlawat. He was the main reason we enjoyed this show👏🏻 Honest review. This snow is on next level. Didn't expect this from India tv. Some negative reviews are from hatters and paid. Just watch one episode what's there to lose. Then come back and give your reviews. Great story and gripping series..tge way story unfolds around the main characters is amazing..thriller, suspense and great ending. You won't be disappointed. Watched PatalLok on amazon prime and the ending is a waste. The antagonist is the real victim. A so called dreaded killer is the real victim. Just to kill a killer why would Police or CBI would be involved. The series looks too long and boring with incoherent story. It could have been easily done in 4 episodes rather than 9. I couldn't tolerate this after 5 episodes and stopped it. The only saving grace was awesome acting of Jaideep Ahlawat. THAT is a dialogue from this , which perfectly explain it in a nutshell.i don't know why this low rating, it is a perfect show 10/10.may some Casteist , hardliners. are at work to malign the show.just watch... This is going to be a classic that captures the time we live in , in the best way anyone has done.
Great direction, screenplay, and acting.
Could have been made a little bit less visually violent,like Tayagi hatodi with blood all around, rape scene etc.
But overall very good Good story with good telling All the episodes have suspense Yes you can compare with sacred games mirzapur as well
Very nice series ❤ Indian Series does not get any better. It does not hold back. The series will not negotiate with you and beat around the bush. Be prepared to call a spade a spade. Be prepared to experience the facts. I understand why some people don't like this series because it opens up the can full of worms. But if you don't lie to yourself then this series is for you. Watch it now. All characters in the movie are v strong and eachone played their role better then other
And great msg to love dogs Entertainment entertainment entertainment.... everyone done a very good job...story is the purely gem... Just finished the 9 episodes. Its pretty addictive as a story which starts in Delhi and ends in Delhi.<br/><br/>The badlands of UP have produced some amazing movies and serials. Perhaps its the people, perhaps its the geography... who knows.... This is another grilling story which is based on the badlands. The serial goes in rounds and rounds and has many chilling scenes. It will keep you glued to the screen till you find the end. Even the ending can be called good by many Indian standards movies and serials.<br/><br/>The serial shows again the hints of social liberal writer with mainly anti establishment sentiments. That should have been avoided. Putting your own thinking everywhere is not appreciated. This is a serial not a debate on prime time. ..<br/><br/>The music could have made a huge impact on the serial as its suspenseful and menacing at times. BUt that is below average anyways. No marks in that.<br/><br/>The plots, actors and actresses are really upto mark. I think it could have been made much more thrilling if a bit more thought was put in it.<br/><br/>The pace of the story is slow sometimes and need to forward it being boring. At most places its pace is really good. Does not look like its dragging.<br/><br/>All in all, nice - but solo watch..<br/><br/>Waiting for part 2.. Brilliant, crisp, master story telling. A murder mystery in the backdrop of politics transcending multiple states. Jaideep Ahlawat has done a super job in his role as Hathi Ram Choudhary. Brilliant show, excellent direction and cinematography. Suspense, storyline, Structured,Entertaining.<br/><br/>What else you need, Must watch One of the best Indian webseries which claims that there are 3 types of people in this world; swarg lok,dhaarti lok and paatal lok.This series discloses the political violence and law,injustice of India. Viewers may find a lot of violence throughout this series in all the episodes. The director showed how the Hindu cast system pulls down the progress in India and how the Muslim community gets oppressed even in this era. Many people complained that there was no solid ending in this series, I don't completely agree with them. There are certain things which don't have any ending because they are continuous and never ending. This things are happening not only in India but in many South Asian Countries also. Must say it was worth watching. Great series if you watch with an open mind...
More realistic than Sacred games... I have only known page turner books but this thriller is beyond anything i have watched for a long time. had to know what happens and the mystery after mystery makes it such complex story. also some scenes were unbelievable and don't know how the producers and directors were able to think about such scenes. i would say it is heck of a story telling. Paatal Lok is the best india series.
If you are big fan of Indian Series like "Mirzapur" and "Sacred Games" than Paatal Lok is for you. Actually I liked the Dialogues in the movie, Specially some Dialogues of Hathi Ram. Credit goes to the series writers. The series is full of colorful characters. The writers have done a terrific job of blending in all the back stories into a cohesive plot. At first I thought of watching it in days but I couldn't resist myself and complete the series in one day itself, it was so engaging that I sacrificed my sleep that night . Everyone acted brilliantly but I don't know why I fell in love with Niharika's Sara character she reminds me of someone I had crush upon.. actually I still have but....
Anyways let me come back to Paatal Lok, if you love watching dark but realistic web series then this one is definitely for you to watch . One of the best web series I've watched. Technically brilliant, excellent script, fabulous acting. Each episode had me hooked right till the end. It will take a lot of brain storming if I need to come up with negatives about it. It's a must watch. I will be brief here. Its a must watch TV series, much better than sacred games . shows how the Indian system works. outstanding ,captivating , once into it , u cant stop watching it. Each person has its own work criteria . fabulous performance. Awesome writing. Hathoda tyagi is awesome. police inspector acting is so good. Review: Even though the performances and direction is commendable, it's the screenplay which is a let down. They've tried hard to have etched out characters but besides Hathi Ram and Hathoda Tyagi none of the characters seem to serve any great purpose in the story or their lives. A lot of hard work has gone in justifying the acts of the 4 accused. I've always believed art work has nothing to do with politics. Incase the film is dealing with politics you got to show both the sides of the coin. This show somehow leans towards the leftists. Putting in mob lynching episode to justify Kabir M hiding his surname and carrying a circumcision certificate so that no one attacks him? It's a little OTT. It's great to show a transgender playing a role of a transgender. But it didn't serve a purpose anyway. His/her character added nothing to the story it just got them an episode or two exploring his/her childhood. What was the point in glorifying Hathoda tyagi's character? So much so that an astrologer compares his kundli with that of mighty demon Hiranya Kashyap? What was the point of having Top singh? What did he add? What was the point of showing Sanjeev Mehra as this righteous leftist when eventually even he was a loser who exploited the situation in his favour. What was the point of Hathi Ram's investigation (which turned out to be really dull) if he had to just walk away and do nothing. What was the point of making a product which eventually serves no purpose?<br/><br/>High point: Jaideep Ahlawat and Ishwak Singh's chemistry. All the dog loving scenes.<br/><br/>Low point: Every time they tried to justify the accused. Gul Panag in that role. The reason why Hathoda Tyagi didn't kill Sanjeev Mehra. I literally burst out laughing.<br/><br/>Final Verdict: Treat for the leftists. For others purely watch it for Hathiram (Jaideep Ahlawat) and Ansari's (Ishwak Singh) bonding. The show is a perfect one time watch and actors are great. But contains a lot of abusive words which don't suit the story and the settings are dark. The story is good but the ending dissapoints. The story of this show awesome, it shows the true reality of how the system works in our society. If you are thrilling story lover then wait no further. This show deserves more rating than sacred games. What an outstanding web series. Every Actor in the web series was at his best but Jaideep Ahlawat and Abhishek Banerjee were just at their best. Abhishek Banerjee may have little to speak but his were speaking and what intence eyes. Jaideep Ahlawat deserve more good roles. Don't miss it. A gripping crime thriller which gives you a gist of Delhi's dark side. Top notch acting,satisfying twists and turns and complex characters keeps you engaged throughout the series. A slow gritty crime thriller tail. Sudip Sharma's pedigree shines through in the tightly written episodes, edge of the seat plot twists and attention to details. The choice of each location (Delhi, Chitrkoot, Punjab etc) lends a high level of authenticity to the plot. The very fact that almost each character got her/his own backstory shows the level of depth of the writing. As a viewer you are given enough insights to not only see what happens but also feel why it happened. While Jaideep Ahlawat is no doubt the star performer, you would be hard-pressed to find any performance short of authentic. Jagjeet Sandhu and Bodhisattva Sharma are a revelation and Aasif Khan seems to be not making any wrong calls with his choice of roles.
All in all, a show worth binging. Right up there with Sacred Games (maybe even a tad grittier) This series was worth to watch it. I didn't waste my time. This is a very realistic series. I think it's a masterpiece series. We want to watch more series and movies like this. Sadly things like Paatal Lok happens in real life. Brilliant storyline.. direction, cast everything is brilliant.. Acting just wins your heart, everyone from Dolly to Virk to Hathiram. And Ishwak Singh is a star!
The plot thickens at times heavily, but stick to it and the surprises are good, very. Also, Amazon Prime is rising beyond Netflix, yes. Plot: Paata Lok, is a series that shed light on different aspects within the indian community. It talks about injustice, racial discrimination that many people fear to talk about. It also shows how many TV channels run for TRPs and not truth.
Story: Is not new, but very good.
Acting: Everybody did his/her role in a fantastic way without "Overacting". Chimestry between characters was shown in a brilliant way.
Overall: its a must watch Hindi series. Don't go by the overall review. It's one of the best crime thrillers of india. There isn't a point where you'll get bored.
I m sure few people must have rated it in negative if it possible but they could only rate 1/10 because they found it against Hindus and Brahmins but it isn't It's certainly one of the finest series in Hindi in this genre. It keeps you enagaged, every character has something meaningful to say, so many subjects have been touched upon but not once does it feel preachy in any way. I'd love for more people to watch it, and with an open mind.<br/><br/>I also liked the fact that the subtitles were not literally translated, and this way the regional dialogues made more sense to a viewer who might not otherwise understand them in the original audio.
I really tried to watch Mirzapur, but just could not. It was too much for me. I mean, more crude than I was willing to consume. It became unwatchable!
But Paatal Lok didn't disappoint. It is raw, like many reviewers said here, but it is not just that. It really has something substantial to say. And that's what's most important for a series in this format.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoy watching it, too :) Not upto the lines, not brief story telling but the acting is superb The story of finding truth and not justice, this is the one of the best hindi crime drama web series. Worth a binge watch!!!!!!!. Actors are phenomenal. Plot is great. It's a fantastic show coming out of as a original from Indian creators. Performance of all actors even of the actors who have a small role is brilliant. Screenplay is gripping. Do watch it! For filmmaker, it's worth a try. It has an amazing story line and superb acting from jaideep ahlawat, neeraj kabi and all the cast. An amazing gripping show / serial. I had no intention of watching "Paatal Lok". I was unable to recognise any cast member, except for Gul Panag; and she has never impressed me much in the past.
But this crime whodunit, grips you from the very first episode and keeps you on the edge right through.
Jaideep Ahlawat is superb. He is such a subtle actor, I had no idea that I had seen him in Anurag Kashyap's "Gangs of Wasseypur".
In fact the Director / Creator Sudip Sharma seems to have been influenced by Anurag's style and pacing. Sudip had written the screenplay of "Udta Punjab".
Paatal Lok is an amazing serial. I look forward to it's following seasons It is a good attempt to present a certain aspect of the underbelly - where it goes blank, is it leads to nowhere. The story moves along a plot, only to find in the end, that most of the characters were not relevant to it. It was more of a chance, that those from patal lok, end up getting used in larger scheme of things. The much positioned supremacy of police over crime does not get established. It was only an individual, suspended SI's inspector - more, in-spite the (police) system, not due to it.<br/><br/>Some of the characters were very well chosen, Gul Pnang being an unfortunate exception (doesn't really fit into the lower middle class house wife, despite being a good actress). Happenings on the sidelines - TV industry, politicians and chamchas, nuances of the school kid - were very measurably kept in balance to the main plot. They never overwhelm the story line. Mr. Ahlawat finally gets meaty role, much deserved. This show holds up a mirror and shows us a glimpse of the reality that we live in. It takes us on a trip through the "Patal Lok" (Hell) that we have created within our society. But it does that from a viewpoint of empathy, not hatred or alienation, as the show delves deeper into the characters' pasts. The only people who have a problem with this show are probably the ones who can't seem to come to terms with the fact that reality can be ugly, or who can't seem to be able to digest the hard-hitting nature of this show. Only thing i would say is in the entire series there is too much of Jaideep Ahlawat, by 6-7 episode i got bored of just watching him doing evrything! The show gets you hooked with its raw, untamed, and unapologetic potrayal of the highs and the lows of the country - generating feelings of nostalgia through its potrayal of villages, trains, and the streets and making you gasp at the hoorors that these places contain. Hats off to the makers watched this is one go completely realistic and fantastic acting by everyone Amazing direction and excellent acting by all the characters.
A silent character like Hathoda Tyagi is one of the strong characters.
Excellent acting by Jaideep Ahlawat.
Though cuss words could have been toned down but overall they add up to the overall look and feel of the series.
Certainly not a series which you could enjoy with your kids or other family members. Strictly 18+ Strictly One Time Watch , Dont expect nothing new. Very much predictable and feels incomplete. Ear actors are great. But supporting actors didn't get much time. Overrated. But a good one time watch only It gets you hooked. It is a brilliant story that keeps you at the edge of your seat. Jaideep Alhawat is brilliant as the leading man. Neeraj Kabi never dissapoints but the star of the show is Abhishek Banerjee. He is simply brilliant in every scene. Amazing watch, Superb actors, awesome story and screenplay. One of the best indian series. For me the best performance of Jaideep Ahlawat. A superb portrait showing how designer media is used nowadays for political and personal mileage. Misunderstood by some ideologies but it actually slams everyone either left winger or right winger who tries to earn self goals rather than actually doing something in the favor of nation. That FEMALE DOG name could have been something else. Forgot to mention that hard work by other actors can't be ignored. Overall worth watching Inspired by Tarun Tejpal's Story of my assassins. Possibly the most well-researched and socially relevant crime thriller that I have watched so far! The story entraps you within the first few seconds and doesn't let go until the end.
It is even better than sacred games as it at no point gets preachy.
All characters have a story and the series tells each without botching up. This was a very good police and crime drama with good character development very similar to Bosch and as good! Good story combined with good acting spins the right recipe for an addictive tv show. I finished off the whole season in a span of 3 days. The show is age restricted to 18+ and includes a lot of brutal violence . Not of weak souls. Great storyline, great acting, direction was good but I was expecting something more from the cinematography. As I have seen movie "killa" from the director I expected if there could be new experiments on the cinematography subject. Otherwise great series, must watch. The series which ends like desert dish on your plate. Everyone played their role with best emotional presentation. Drama, thriller , suspense , advantur and Originality of each character will satisfy every nerve. Rarely seen such strong writing. Tackles so many issues but never becomes preachy. There are some very subtle moments where it absolutely shines.<br/><br/>Acting is absolutely top notch. Must watch series. Watch this series! Best to one time watchðŸ¤—....and this review based on my own experience.Every actor giving best performance As the series is much hyped with everyone praising , it deserves some praise for brilliant acting by jaideep ahlawat and abhishek , dialogues r rustic give a feel of reality . Series lack in screenplay where the whole purpose of plotting and suspense doesn't hit u hard in end .Plus there r few scenes which look like deliberately put up in story to push left agenda .
Still it's one of few rare gud series to come up in lockdown with bunch of underrated actors who excels brilliantly in their respective role Nothing can be said more except the fact that this is one of the best non-English series I have seen on recent times. There can be hits like Mirzapur / Sacred Games etc but this one makes you think, it makes you just use your own brain, smartness, intelligence to unravel the mystery.<br/><br/>It makes you feel the pain some people from our own country have to go through since their childhood days.<br/><br/>It makes you hate our society too who makes innocent people convert to criminals due to the society's misjudgement, mockery, bullying, personal hunger etc. etc.<br/><br/>Enough can't be said of the perfect writing, casting, direction and acting in this series.<br/><br/>This is what should come out of the talent from the industry we have.
As most of the movies coming out from the hindi industry are just for commercial success but not to do some good to the society or to give a wake up call to the blindfolded public (the percentage of which is growing nowadays). They do nothing more than to earn money for the producers.<br/><br/>More series like Paatal Lok and movies like Dhadak, Article 15 should come out as I support such creations which highlight the wrongdoings in our society and make them clearly visible to the public to show them what's right and what's wrong, to show them who's right and who's wrong.<br/><br/>Must watch definitely. I hope these talented teams of directors, script writers, actors bring more of these.<br/><br/>Covers almost everything, every evil thing like Fake news (you can guess the names of big top shot media journalists who shout and spread fake breaking news to capture TRPs just to earn money.. once you complete the series you can easily guess), then land disputes, child abuse, women used as objects of revenge, honest/dishonest journalists, honest/dishonest cops, extramarital affairs, most importantly bad Politicians creating everything bad in the system from head to tail.<br/><br/>So I just want to appreciate Amazon Prime to bring in such quality series in their bucket for the viewers. Keep up the great work and hope to see such more in future.<br/><br/>
Thanks for reading and you can give a like/helpful if you really liked my review.<br/><br/>.. Really well made series, if you ignore the unoriginal fake reviews which sadly suppress any intelligent movie or series from India. Great screenplay, good story line and talented direction. Feels good to see the real India on screen, someone had the the guts to show it, and the talent to show it well on a fictional screen. Please watch the real talent from India and ignore the brainwashed bhakts. Worst series. Weird actors and horrible actresses. No impressive acting by none. Ahlawat is a good actor but he is impression less here. Nothing new in story, we have seen already for lot of times. Makers supposing that they could not make series without police, criminals and abusive words now a days as there are no any subjects existing. Mentionable thing is that sound quality so poor that even on high volume I could not understand pronunciations and trust me I had to enable subtitles to go through series. Another objectionable thing is that they used very abusive words about a particular community. It is shameful thing and God saves us from seeing another series of such garbage. Not for recommendation, you can avoid else will find waste of time and nothing come out. Halfway through...storyline is good and will keep you engaged but there were few unnecessaey dark scenes which could have been ruled out.
There is one scene in episode 3 beginning where Raju kills his friends with hammer..It was so gross, dark and evil..they were literally showing the flesh popping out..
Why do you have to show such dark scenes and promote violence??? Are we having less violence in our country? Or you promoting the pyschopaths with more ideas??
Please who liked sacred games and mirzapur may like this series..
But people who like likes clean shows like Panchayat can stay away from this show... believe me you are not missing anything great!
And yeah Neeraj koba was a waste.. Jaideep Ahlawat nailed it! But I found the roles of the journalist and especially his wife, too boring. You can literally skip all the scenes involving her wife!
Comparing it with other Amazon prime series that I've seen: Mirzapur>=Panchayat>Paatal Lok Less story more propoganda as expected another Hinduphobic webseries Too much of anti Hindu rhetoric here. Every episode reeks of it. Show tries hard to portray Hindus as intolerant and evil. While Muslims and leftists are shown as too good to be true. Great story and acting by everyone nailed it. Who says its propoganda and spreading negative vibes for hindi community its wrong your thinking wrong brother. If you didn't watch it go watch it now. Its worth watching. This is an interesting series, one in a genre of new Indian offerings that are non-Bollywood. It certainly goes beyond the limits of current censorship and deals with topics like corruption and social ills. The series is interesting but the script tells the story in an unnecessarily complicated, incomprehensible and chaotic manner. If there is a series 2, hopefully that failing will be corrected! This series is just mind blowing. Not even a second is wasted in the entire series. Excellent acting by each and every actor. Every character is so well portrayed that you will really empathize with them, even the smallest characters. The story is just so raw and it plucks the right heart stringes .
This 9 episode series chose some very controversial topics which you can see by reading other reviews. I strongly disagree with that point of view. But its like Kabir Singh for feminists. Either you enjoy it or you spoil all the fun by worthlessly reading into things.
The story has a background of most characters having a troubled childhood and being oppressed at the hands of upper caste or different monsters, so the argument that they show Hindus in a bad light is wrong because this stuff does happen. Even now.
It is a story. Not everyone is trying to defame Hindus. Enjoy this masterpiece without making it communal.<br/><br/>On final note, I thought this series was better than Sacred Games ,Mirzapur, Apharan, Rangbaaz, The Family Man, Bard of blood. Honestly the best series I have seen in this genre. Just a propaganda against anti Hindu sentiments.Lacks depth In content Won't add anything more but it's a crap. In the name of creative liberty they cook anything and everything that can be the fuel of injecting negativity and disgusting mindset. More than focusing on the story, they tried to put lot of leftist agenda, agreed that some right wing extremist activities are there in India but they are trying to show CBI and Indian govt. in a bad light! This series is well made, properly researched... Actors have done great job.
But why every web Series need to contain reference to mob lynching by Hindus and reference to islamophobia? This could have been great if they didn't had any propoganda. I am tired of seeing one sided liberal left wing propoganda in shows. The argument that this is what is happening in society do not work here as other things also happen which do not suits there propoganda like Hindu Monks being lynched, Honour killings, left wing conspiracies, etc.
This would have gotten 10 stars if wasn't for those elements. Gul Panag is useless. It's nice to have series coming out in regional content but what i see that everyone is following the same theme, crime thrillers!<br/><br/>Well about this one nothing that stands out, even end of episode is not that keeps you hooked up! Saw 3 episodes and felt cuss words were added afterwords and everyone seem to use just 1, bhenc**d also when characters are saying that they dont give that impact. On 8th episode and i stopped watching, didnt feel that urge to finish the series. Also whats up with showing so much focus on religion? Every thing has good and bad side dont just show bad side of one and good side of other.<br/><br/>If i just go by 1st season, i would rate, family man, sacred games, jack ryan, mirzapur before this.<br/><br/>I loved jack ryan as story ends at the end of season, Please make series like that so that ppl dont have wait for a year before they figure out its stupid season and 1st season was just build up to nothing. Like sacred games! Bhenc**d (why? You will the same while watching the show) Apart from a few excellent actors, the plot is just lame and puts you to sleep. Director seems like an amateur with no vision. The series leads in one direction and then loses the plot in between.<br/><br/>One can skip it if they really want to watch quality shows. This series is worst. And the the of such time should be avoided The details and backstory is a vital part of Pataal Lok. Watch this for the hell of an exceptional, and truly crisp Indian cinematic experience that it offers. It's unadulterated, raw and beautiful, never trying to be self-righteous or feel-good for the audience (that a lot of series tempt themselves into), thus staying true to the core.<br/><br/>At the end you can believe and relate more to the story, while it also shows a hard-hitting mirror to the bourgeoisie society that we're essentially a part of.<br/><br/>It does require a certain level of maturity to appreciate, I feel, probably why it's super strong on critical reviews while not so much from an average Indian audience. Also, skip it if you're triggered/offended easily. I am shocked to see so many bad reviews about anti-hindu propaganda and other nonsense. This is a gem of a web series. Please go watch yourself and decide.
The show tries to tell us that blindly following one faith doesn't give you a right to mercilessly beat and kill people of other faiths.
The atmosphere, the acting (Haathiraam is our true everyday hero, hands down), the thrill, the uneasiness, the brutality - everything is pitch perfect here.
The one exchange between haathiram and his wife single-handedly destroys the theme of Kabir singh and Thappad, really enjoyed that.
I am urging you not to judge this before watching it yourself.
This one deserves your time and attention. Castings are impeccable. Story telling is undoubtedly thrilling.. Simply epic 👏👏👏 No words to describe the sheer brilliance of storyline...it is brutal, bold, taboo and the way the story untangles it will leave ur mouth open......the climax is superb and above all the "dog" connection (once u watch u'll get it) was really genius.......for performane 10/10 to each n every actor including extras...... This show aims to do one thing and one thing only. It aims to show you how everyone is a victim and abuser of the system, whether it be social or political. There's no Jesus Christ in this show. No one who's perfect. Everyone is flawed. And that's what makes this show so entertaining. The fact that it's such an accurate representation of the current way of things of this country. The storyline is brilliant.I loved the main character's performance.The shows is a master in crime thriller but it has the same issues which have been identified in the past shows and some comedy content(I dont need to spell it out.The erudite are balring it out loud and clear).Keeps you on the edge all the while. People are taking it as Crime/Thriller. It's actually mostly drama, rather Noirish (dark & cruel) or say, the reality of things which go on behind the scenes, it ranges beautifully between everything which is connected to the main role Inspector Hathiram. Family problems, career issues and his personal problems too, and good things, he grows as a character. It could have been a lil better if they hadn't tried too much to make it about characters and more about the story but it's a good show. 9/10 Leftist agenda alert. Don't criminalize the majority to spread the Marxist ideologies. This show is basically police crime drama with twisted plots. Many stories club and make a show. You may skip it. Slow premise I thought it will pick up by episode 3. It kind of did, however not upto expectations. The series drags in parts and there's flashes of brilliance, and you kind of wait to see where this is all headed - nowhere outstanding.<br/><br/>Point to note - excessive violence, cussing, nudity etc does not an impactful series make. Be original and you can do a lot more with less of the above. It felt that most of the language and violence were mostly for shock effect. Also there were many scenes especially when the characters attempt to convey emotions in English that appear stilted, artificial and awkward.<br/><br/>Casting wise, Jaideep is brilliant. The others are equally brilliant. However, Gul Panag could never act, and she still can't. A few of the child artistes showed much more promise.<br/><br/>At the most pretty average stuff - you would have seen many of the scenes, heard similar dialogues, camera angles etc. In average Western series.<br/><br/>Underworld series are now kind of overdone. Anybody with original scripts out there? The series has worst direction ever seen no line where it is heading. This is really worst series ever seen it's better to watch bhokaal. Jaideep ahlawat done great great job. The series of limelight has taken by jaideep sir.
Great story but false and unnecessarily some communal content promoted in this series and all this stuff was like one side agenda. Its a boring series. Various other and a lot better series are available (Money heist, the last dance, etc. ). It's highly over rated. Before I saw the show I saw alot of headlines that this is Amazon's Sacred Games that's even better. This show is not even half as good as Sacred Games or any other good web series. This show is very slow and boring. Only good thing is the acting. This show is good enough to be a average episode of Crime Patrol. I don't know what people are seeing in this. THIS IS A VERY AVERAGE, SLOW AND BORING SHOW. I feel like I wasted my 8-9 hours watching it. D only star was for d brilliant acting by Hathi Ram. This Web-Series is for everyone who loves realistic cinema. Great Acting, Great Story, Great Screenplay and Great Editing.<br/><br/>Shows the truth of Today's India but little spiced up.<br/><br/>Ignore everyone who call this "Hinduphobic".
This really isn't. The series is not only engaging but says alot within the lines. Must watch. What I liked about this show:
1. Screenplay and structuring
2. Cinematography
3. Performances
4. Chase Sequences<br/><br/>What I didn't like about the show:
1. Poor conclusion
2. Few characters that are part of the show just to fill spaces.<br/><br/>In a nutshell, even though the show has a few flaws, it manages to keep the viewer hooked and at the edge of the seat, like a thriller should! This is easily one of the best webshows or any entertainment content to come out of india which is full of romantic movies or movies that potray situations that will never happen. This shows reveals truth about culture and society and is nothing sort of reality combined with fiction. It has done a beautiful act of combining various genres and characters from totally different genres into one and has indeed done it successfully. In simple words this is a must watch. One of the best web series in India
Surely will be remembered as a classic. It is has a very relevant storyline with real characters unlike typical Indian movies starring police officers. Please give it a watch because it is a must watch Good things first - the actors have delivered strong performance through out. Whether it is Jaideep Alhawat, Neeraj Kabi or Ishwak Singh. I noticed Jaideep's performance in Bard of blood, and can say this one is even better.<br/><br/>Coming to the overall review, at least they had an interesting plot. When I say plot, i mean a one-liner like 4 criminals captured alive while trying to murder leading journalist of the country. But when they developed this into a full storyline, it became too weak, feeble and wasted. The whole pieces when put-together gives you a make-believe story and plot which fails big time.<br/><br/>The makers have tried to slip-in and sell a propaganda. Some of the cliche scenes which you would have seen in some of the so called leftists film maker's product related to riots and communal tension. Cant believe we are seeing these one sided advertisement even on these new gen platforms.<br/><br/>Overall, regret wasting my time !!! SOME SCENE WAS LIKE I SEEN BEFOFE BUT I ONLY LIKE JAIDEEP, SERIES WAS VERY BORING FULLY STRETCHED IF YOU LOOKING WO INDIAN MYTHOLOGY CRIME THRILLE SERIES WATCH ASUR
I HATE THE MOST OF PAATAL LOK IS HYPE, TOO HYPE GIVE FOR THIS SERIES BECOUSE IS ANUSHKA SHARMA BANNER Watched the show without any expectations but really liked it. Great acting. Great story. I don't see any propaganda being pushed like the right wing is talking about in the reviews. Most of the things shown are very realistic, maybe that's what triggering them. Complete lack of humor , story drags a lot, characters are not developed,<br/><br/>Good performance Awesome acting. Excellent storyline. Grippping series.<br/><br/>Better than Sacred Games, Family Man and Mirzapur for me! Story is quite good but not the direction. Wrong casting lesser details spoon feeding scenes. But you can watch this show for jaideep ahlawat, vipin sharma, chaku & supporting actors. This series is prime example of Hindu-phobia in India.This kind of series must be censored. Paatal Lok presents the roots of India in a realistic manner that most of us comfortably overlook assuming it's not happening around us. But it is the truth. It is basically the same old type of story. For last 1 or 2 years there is a flood of such stories. Now we are all bored. please come up with something creative, fresh and interesting. Overly exaggerated content
Will suggest everybody to watch Messiah instead of this. The storyline is interesting as it makes the viewer think what happens next, who is behind the plot, with unexpected twists..
The acting is awesome especially the lead characters...
The story is slow and dragging... Could have completed the series in 6 episodes... This is probably the finest tv show coming out of India. The story line, buildup and the characters are phenomenal. Acting by all the actors is jaw dropping. This is a must watch show, it's worth your time. Brilliant performances
Haunting realities
Execellant writing<br/><br/>I can see bhakts and right wing stooges are running a campaign to degrade the IMDB rating of this show, but never mind, because we know that's its not that this series event inflict hatred against any particular community but instead it's show there fear, there fear of the truth This story shows actually what happen to these days in India. Great work.what a acting by Jaydeep and others.The climax was original. There would be many obstacles in real life to solve such politics matter. If it was solved then it would be cinematic.waiting for S2.only for jaydeep and director .Best if kecil. Good one but over hyped. The much talked about twist was low key and hence ended up as a good series instead of a great one This show has dared to unveil the darker morally corrupted side of Hindu society which is offending many So called Hindu saviours.
Deep down we Hindus knows our corrupted soul but we have been hiding it under blanket for ages and nevr admit in open.
This TV show has dared to show Hindus a mirror, when majority saw thia show they basically saw their ugliest face.<br/><br/>Kudos to director who perfectly depict current ongoing black situation of this society.<br/><br/>Acting of Jaidip is ton notch, even small character have put best show.
My key takeaways from this show.
CBI is basically diapar cleaner of Government.
Journalism is all about TRP.
Ground level journalist are really working hard.
UP is still No-1 criminal state, NO doubts.<br/><br/>This show is by far best among Sacred Games and Mirzapur.<br/><br/>Tyagi, a silent killer is best.
Ambience music is complimentary to suspense scene. I see many people calling it a propaganda by leftist and liberals. Maybe it is or maybe its not, but what matters the most in a series is the storyline and acting. People watch shows for the story and acting of the cast, which in this case is superb. See if the story was just presented as a propoganda then it would have been bad but there is a solid and believable plot supporting how things turn out. So, at last I just want to say that don't get the wrong idea about the show from the negative reviews but just watch it yourself and decide whether it's good or not.
And as for me, it was not a bad one for sure. Must Watch Crime thriller!
Should be watch by everyone who loves crime scenes, But Mirzapur and Sacred Games had its own Fanbase, Paatal lok soon will make one of its kind
Watch and Have Fun The series when released it trailer did keep the story under wraps. However when you start to watch it, you are hooked on it. The series has well defined raw edgy content. Every actor has played a superb role that was given to him. Each of them shined throughout the part they played. Main lead -Hathi ram and Tyagi were marvellous. Abhishek as Tyagi is one fine actor. Even with minimal lines. The expression he gave perfect. He could speak so much without saying anything.
Pros: Story,Acting,Cinematography.
Cons: To much to digest, Religious fundementalism,<br/><br/>However the show cant be missed. Its a must watch. Intense - Dark - Gruesome - Thriller - CrimeDrama - Dirty Politics - Police - Media - System - Elections - Erotic - Mythology - Social.... Every possible Genre Of Filmography Have been packed in this show. Top-Hole Content with a great Concept. ðŸ˜ŒðŸ™Œ<br/><br/>Strong Script , Well fabricated Screenplay with esteemed level of Acting. Superlative performance from All Actors. Especially Jaideep Ahlawat , Neeraj Kabi & Abhijit Banerjee. It's Slow paced drama but Yes if You are looking for Good Content It's Quite Binge for you. 4.5/5ðŸŒŸ Good story turned into propaganda. Full of hinduphobia just like many of the web series these days. Writers are scared to show the reality and just show Hindus as villains and terrorists for the convenience . Targetting hindu community for their fake agenda Full of leftist propaganda They have done some great job for characters buildup but this leads to nowhere but to a average end, instead of focusing on realism (nudity) they could make a thrilling end which includes Tyagi. Hothoda Tyagi and Hathiram at their best. Well written. Well executed. Gripping story line...wonder full performance..must watch Don't have any political views about this, but this series is pretty boring, so trust me don't waste ur time, watch something good( watch any other good series againðŸ˜‚). Poor Boring Discriminatory Waste of Time
Poor story poor acting Avreage Direction. Seemless Storytelling with politics of characters showed smoothly and depicting both worlds and sides Mediocre show with not so nice story. The show is dragged to 9 episodes although could have been completed in 2-3 hr movie also. I binge watched it yesterday, its a story which throws light on many socio- political issue in our country. I have seen lot of negative comments and most of the people pointing out the anti hindu agenda or left liberal political movement. Our country is progressing well but in some part of our country especially rural areas of north india still caste based system exists and many recent newspaper reports are evidence for this. Direction is top notch and story is also interesting but editing could have been better. Supported by a stellar cast and everyone will be a fan of Jaideep Ahlawat once you finish the show. Just watch the series of you are a true movie fan who loves content. Great,indeed❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ Acting, casting, story, suspense etc etc each and everything is simply superbe. Jaideep ahlawat gave an oscar winning performance.<br/><br/>PS- Its better than Sacred Games ;) I identify myself as a centrist and I am appalled at the negative publicity this series is receiving. I did not find any propoganda being propogated in this series. In fact, the minor (a few scenes) in this series where differences between Hindus and Muslims are depicted have been done with such class and realism compared to a majority of others. This is an awesome series which is a must watch. The director and the actors have put their heart and soul into this and I am so disappointed that this series is not getting the credit it deserves. So, please ignore the radicals and give this series a watch. Gripping, thrilling, and engaging. I enjoyed watching it, found it more realistic than "Sacred Games". Thumbs up to the creators, good content should be appreciated! Season 2 is definitely a must now. Season 1 has been truly amazing. Phenomenal work done by every single actor. Nobody would have expected Jaideep to come this far. Thank you Amazon India to bringing this to us. I was very excited in the beginning...as i heard lots of positive reviews about the movie....but as i started...i feel..its very boring in the middle parts....so...its good.but not satisfied with the storytelling.sorry.but as we know because of lockdown....its very obvious that we all will watch thos once...and will feel the same..as i felt. One of the best shows out there. Shows the side of India that needs to be seen by the world. Halfway the show gets a tad bit draggy. But still one of the best series I've seen! It's incredible to witness the enormity of reactions the web-series 'Paatal Lok" (Netherworld) has generated in recent times. The responses range from overwhelming praise to outright criticism & it has also got mired in a number of untoward controversies. This really tickled my curiosity & I gave it a complete go to figure out what the hype is all about.<br/><br/>It's the tale of a washed-up cop Hathiram Chaudhary (Jaideep Ahlawat) from the not so happening Outer Jamna Par Police Station in New Delhi. Hathiram is neither the typical suave from the noir genre nor is he capable of using his brawn & brains to a startling effect. He is simply one of the reasonably honest & hardworking pawns in the system who has managed to simply exist. When an assassination attempt on a high profile TV journalist, Sanjeev Mehra (Neeraj Kabi) gets foiled, the culprits are nabbed & Hathiram gets the opportunity of a lifetime to crack a high profile case. Together with his trusted aide Ansari (Ishwak Singh), they set out to investigate who & what is behind all this. Any good thriller puts the protagonist into a world of troubles. Here also we find in order to make the reality misty & the truth beyond reach, Hathiram gets suspended early on. The battle gets steeper for him as he wanders into the deep dark world of bureaucracy, power, corruption & societal demons. The plot addresses the grim reality of the existing evils of our land - caste discrimination, gender bias, religious intolerance, child abuse & above all a filthy & stinging circle of poverty - the perfect ingredients to make a monster out of a man.
If the setting & the realistic 'tone' are the biggest assets, then undoubtedly what follows next is a stellar performance of the cast. I simply can't remember when I have last seen such an orchestrated performance of the entire crew. Not only Jaideep & Ishwak are at their natural best, but Neeraj as the celebrity journalist, Swastika Mukherjee as the lonely wife of Neeraj & Gul Panag as Hathiram's supportive spouse also perform brilliantly. Abhishek Banerjee as Hathoda Tyagi plays the prime antagonist to perfection. His steel cold eyes & remorseless expressions are unbelievably frightening. All the four captives, Hathoda, Cheeni (Mairembam), Tope Singh (Jagjeet) & Kabir M (Asif) are equipped with impressive backstories which sheds a great deal of light on the issues the country's dealing with in contemporary times.Tyagi's back story is the most riveting & is set in the mythologically significant town of Chitrakoot; something which acts as a backdrop for the series of events to unfold. The motif of the caring of stray dogs was beautifully incorporated in the plot.<br/><br/>But despite all this, the plot got tainted with a bit of a flaw towards the end. I don't want to give away spoilers but after the events just outside the courtroom, the end could have been a bit expedited. There wasn't a great deal of mystery left & the rewinding of events to make the audience understand the complex plot wasn't really necessary. The narrative is rough & laden with countless expletives, the treatment is bloody & gore & we find a host of characters who are imperfect & politically incorrect to the point of not even backing off an inch from hurling racial slurs. Although it may appear brutal for the sensitive soul, it undoubtedly lends a touch of reality to it. It holds all the more true in today's age.<br/><br/>Overall, 'Paatal Lok' is a fast-paced engrossing thriller which combines elements of political hostility, corporate power game, bureaucratic machinery & pitiful state of those who face exploitation helplessly. It's about an India we often ignore conveniently.<br/><br/>P.S. I have really admired Jaideep's work from his early days. I first saw him in Kamal Hasan's Viswaroopam where he played the right-hand man of an Al-Qaeda leader played by Rahul Bose. Then came Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wasseypur where he portrayed the role of Sahid. But what caught my eye was his portrayal of the nefarious character in Vidyut Jamal's 'Commando'. His dark portrayal was completely overshadowed by Vidyut's athletic abilities. He was again very impressive as Alia Bhatt's mentor in Meghna Gulzar's "Raazi". Somehow despite achieving a reputation for himself, he wasn't able to hog the limelight but this time he has made the cut.<br/><br/>Boy!!! Hathiram ne Hathi jaisi chaal chali hai. Truly one of best on prime.<br/><br/>Screen play is superb.... A very well written and directed series. More than just a crime drama. Must watch to know dark side of Crime world scripted by several collusion. The story, execution, cast & the performances of this series is top notch. Excellent work of Art. I wanted to give 8/10 due to it's hooking script,,,,,but deducted 1/2 star because of poor audio dubbing ....difficulty in understanding some words (may be were not pronounced correctly).....I re-winded the play 4 to 5 times.....the other 1/2 I deducted because of an unrealistic maut ka kuan scene.<br/><br/>Other than that certainly one of the best crime thrillers to watch in lockdown. Pros: Kudos to the casting, point perfect, Jaideep and Neeraj shines in their respective roles; storyline keeps you on edge with cliffhangers I've never seen in any Indian stories.<br/><br/>Cons: Hard to find really; if only the last episode could not sum it up all the build up.<br/><br/>Verdict: I think this is best what India has to offer, reply to Netflix's 'Sacred games'; dealing with the prejudices of caste/religion/gender in an aggressive way ; 10/10 Forget about the controversy surrounding anushka who produced this series,its through entertainment with mythological touch well placed at regular intervals also the morality or life lessons and passing through the dark gruesome world....better than sacred games 2 just give it a chance u won't be disappointed Absolutely brilliant season i hooked from the start and finished it in one single go
Also it wasn't against ISI as well which make it more interesting The Plot is very good .But had been dragged in middle by couple of episodes ..Otherwise It is a good watch .Not a great watch Finished watching Pataal Lok, and I must say a real good crime investigating series came after a long time.<br/><br/>Before starting, I was thinking it won't be that good and will disappoint just like asur, but overall it's really good. In just 10 minutes of episode 1, you will get why it is named pataal lok. Story takes a slow gripping in episode 1 , and gets fast in 2nd and 3rd, it gets a little lengthy in middle where I had to use skip button. But again it takes charge with a shock and twist.<br/><br/>Gem in this series is casting, it's perfectly done. No other actors could have replaced these. As usual Jaideep Ahalawat and Abhishek Banerjee make audience fall in love with their character once again. Jaideep's character Hathiram is very well written, you will get sticked to his story, and might think you know this man in real life. Bond between hathi ram and imran ansari is heart touching. Back Story behind every criminal is well portrayed, you can't complain. we get to see a powerful performances through this.<br/><br/>Politics and dark human behaviour is also a plus point in series. It keeps you thrilled for some scenes. As you think and try to predict the story it suddenly changes the game and gets away with some surprise.<br/><br/>The story gets really intense at start, and gives a good suspense. During whole season I was thinking something big is going to happen and will blow mind, well it happened but didn't affected that much. I was hoping for better than that.<br/><br/>If you are wondering what to watch, I will definitely suggest this, it's good. And must watch for Performances. A washedup police inspector, soon to be retired news anchor,a murderous Assassin and a big political scam gives us this masterpiece paatal lok.
The 4 common ingredients religion,caste,media, politics that shapes Indian society handed so well in this series or the best till date.
The most memorable tagline is "When a man loves a dog he is a good man, When a dog loves a man he is a good man".These lines understood clearly at the end.overall a decent script with contemporary issues and the unsolved issue that we all fighting since vedic periods.
And the ending kind of lags overall. The story and acting was very gritty. It kept me guessing all the way till the last episode. The main actor was brilliant.<br/><br/>To be honest there was not a weak actor in the series.<br/><br/>The main police officer was not the standard leading man, he was flawed, made errors of judgement, etc, but that added to the realism and made you engage with him as a character.<br/><br/>The story has a darkness, which does not hold back with the gore and violence. It touches on wealth, religion, caste, the big city and the regions of India. If there was a second season it would be definitely on my list.
I would note that I do not speak Hindi and watches this show using the subtitles. Classic showcasing of the reality India and the world at large is still facing. It highlights the weak situation of the poor/ lower class are still into. Tough actions they are forced to take which are definitely incorrect but morality is not a choice. The real issues of sexual abuse, robbery, casteism, hatefulness, violence and deadly revenge, the divide between the rich and poor.<br/><br/>Though true, I hated it when DCP Bhagat in the last episode says System will never change, only the people who do not perform their roles assigned will get replaced. It's a shame of what a society we have created after so many years of evolutionary process gone into. Power and the lust for Power in the hands of few making them do stuff taking the society into "Paatal Lok". Even the highly reputed organisation like Police Force, CBI or it could have been any other institute dance to their tunes. In any given society if we can eradicate the creation of Paatal Lok then only we as a group of people will come up as winners.<br/><br/>Finally I would say that good karma/ deeds always brings good results as we saw in case of love and care of the stray dogs saved life.<br/><br/>Kudos to the team and congratulations on their success! Direction and casting was spot on. I hope there are much more audience to this as at least we have moved positively in content creation. Very difficult to make a crime thriller with such perfection and realism. The story arc takes a complete circle and executed brilliantly. There were instances which made me in awe of the sheer audacity of the writers yet unheard of in India's entertainment space.
The characters are well written with realistic and intriguing background. You get an understanding of where these characters come from which is brand new perspective on them.
One thing that stands out in this series is the way that sensitive issues like child trafficking, caste dynamics in rural India takes place which most writers don't address as they deem it too controversial or don't find it worth their time. The series deals with a lot of social injustice and practices prevailing in the lower sections of society which is largely unheard of among the privileged ones and hence is rightly called 'paatal lok.
As for people deeming it Anti-hindu, I, personally did not find it to be that. In fact it gives a few references of Mahabharat and how they still hold true in today's time which tells us how timeless these great legends are.
Talking about performances Jaideep Ahlawat stands out in the series with his brilliant portrayal of an underachieving cop tired of taking orders from people who worked under him once and is now desperate to prove himself.
Neeraj Kabi, in my view, was an opportunity wasted. He is a decent actor and could have done more with the role. All other actors justify the roles and execute them satisfactorily.
All in all its a whole new type of crime thriller in the underbellies of modern India. Very engaging series. nailbiting. However, after watching so many thriller stories. I was pretty sure from the starting who the real antagonist was. But i loved watching it. The main character is very talented. Some scenes surely gives goosebumps. watched it for entertainment. A dark & intense crime thriller which showcase the aspects of religion, casteism and politics of real India. Initial episodes starts with a slow pace and the things get heated up later. Even though the climax and twist in the story are predictable, the script, casting and making of this series make is a outstanding one.<br/><br/>Amazing performance by Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Banerjer & Swastika Mukherjee. Its superbly directed. The actors played their role naturally and the outcome is fantastic. Watch from an open mind and don't prove yourself a bigot. Best web series in many years........whether you support left or right communal or anything else Hindu or Muslim but you're gonna admit that this is the best web series in years I can see a lot of 1 star rating and that is the proof that this series has some disturbing elements for them. This is the true reflection of india today. It has touched many subjects like casteism, Islamophobia, class system, Minority attack, racism, patriarchy and fake news. This has high production value. Great performances by all actors and each character has developed wonderfully. Watch it before they ban this show or take out this show from prime video. After Andhadhun, i found this the only thing that could blow my mind coming from India. Hats off to everyone who's work for this masterpiece.
I am just speachless, its just perfect, every performance is brilliant, plot is awesome, story couldn't have been better. Must watch...can't ask for more..really appreciate the writers, actors, producers and who ever worked for the series..thank you all for giving us this masterpiece.. It's undoubtedly one of the best hindi web series of all time. Fine work by the entire cast. Want to watch real and desi content then this is the one. Real Events which we often read in newspapers are beautifully depicted. What a class act Hathiram Jee. Exposes the rot in the political and police system of our country! An honest cop wants to do his job, dishonest politicians hell bent on making the cops toe their line.
The series also highlights the prejudice of caste in our system and how criminals are never born, they are made one! One of the best web series I've seen, every character's work is abstract This show makes you look at the dark reality we are living in today. It will bound you to watch all the 9 episodes One of the finest series ever made. Depicts the raw life and politics in India. An advantage of being released on OTT platform, they can say the realities which they can't on the big screen and current biased media. Kudos to the entire team for such a great experience. This is a well scripted fictional suspense thriller TV series with amazing performances. Multiple plot lines and bold message with a good twist at the end. You may find yourself binge watching this series from the word go. "Paatal Lok" is probably the best Indian Series you can watch. It sneaks into its plot everything that is wrong with India: caste-based violence, discrimination on the basis of religion, muslim lynchings by Cow vigilantes... and all this doesn't make its plot laboriously boring but adds to its edge-of-the-seat material. Much better than meandering "Sacred Games" and Amazon Prime does a better job than its previous best "Mirzapur". This show does have some good acting and direction but it has nothing new which has not been shown previously in other Indian TV show .
Just like the other this follows the norm to make a particular community look bad (specialy Hindus ) .
It is as if they can't create a crime drama without showing Hinduism as a culprit in it.<br/><br/>We really need some different and good story or genre than what most of the Indian show are obsessed with. One of the few Indian series which gives you ultimate euphoria while watching each moment. It engages and entertain us thoroughly. Second season much awaited. Started this show & was quite impressed with the acting, screenplay & cinematography. It kept me engrossed. But as I moved to further episodes, the same old Hindu Bashing & Muslim victimisation started. Showing unnecessary scenes to malign Hindus. Netflix did this with Leila & Sacred games. Now even Amazon is doing it now. This show just became another mouthpiece of Leftist propaganda. Sala itna unnecessary materials kyun daalte ho web series me Paatal Lok is surprisingly an oddball in the middle of a fair of typical crime mystery thrillers that baits a worm at the last to make a new season. Yes, it's apparently complete in itself; at least let's the viewers to sleep at night, but not sure if on an optimistic note.
Comparing Paatal Lok with Sacred Games or Mirzapur is rather misguiding ; it is totally different from those, both from magnitude to temperament. As the name suggests, the show delves into the deep of our system; which is corrupted from the root hence, can not be reformed.<br/><br/>Hathi Ram Chaudhary (Jaideep Ahlawat), a middle class cynical police officer, having nothing but failure in life, gets a very high profile case when apparently four murderers are caught red handed attempting a murder of Sanjeev Mehra( Neeraj Kabi), a news tycoon. When he investigates deeper, he founds more than what he barely imagined. Jaideep gave his all to do justice to his character. Neeraj Kabi is always in form, Abhishek Banerjee needs a serious mention, and others too, did good job.<br/><br/>Mysteriously dark, the show is a real stunner; especially when it shows the pasts of four of the captives - equally astonishing and eye opener about real India. So real, so touching, so gruesome and so undeniable truth. From politics to underworld to business policy to religious intolerance to sexual assault to child abuse - every part is touched and touched with care. This Anushka Sharma produced show is my current favourite with a serious direction by Avinash-Prasith. Kudos to the four writers especially Sudip Sharma. The show is really worth a binge watching and then gives a scope to think about it for the rest of the time. Though, overall it also gives opportunity to give a new season to answer the fate of the two captives . Really superb acting
Interesting plot
Nothing high five...adhere to actual ground of reality
Don't expect Christopher Nolan twist..but you will you will be thrilled to beyond First of all, all the performances in the series are mind blowing, the director portrayed the story in very genuine manner. This story does not believe in ethics and religion. This is second best indian tv series after delhi crime. Please do not go by some really negative reviews in this forum. This is a fantastic series with some great acting , direction and overall it's just great. Baffled to see some people ranting. I guess it's the lockdown effect. Do not listen to the reviews which says this being an anti hindu propoganda series. It successfully potrays the current scenario of minorities in india and freedom of press.
It is constantly engaging and never lets you disconnect with the plot.
Beautifully crafted screenplay, some amazing performances and its connection with indian mythology will never let you down. A must watch show on Amazon. One of the most perfect series i saw in a while. Another winner series from Amazon. Has shown the reality in ur face This show redefined the meaning of entertainment for me as it shows several aspects of real life and combines all of them perfectly into an enthralling crime drama with little bit of comedy. The show is surely a must watch. This show opened my eye that even a country like India can produce legitiment webshows or any form of entertainment which is not full of typical stuff what most of us have been used to be consuming. This is something entirely different, Entertaining but at the same time makes us realise harsh realities of the society. Its a much watch Loved every bit of the show .Combination of suspense thriller crime investigation media politics e.t.c enthralled me as it was executed perfectly. Hats of to the team for producing this show. In one word this show is a must watch. My headline is the review for the series. Bring up season 2 is all I can pray! Great storyline.
Keeps viewers engaged throughout.
Worth binge watch.<br/><br/>Best one, so far in 2020... I don't know why most of the reviews are complaining about the anti hindu propanganda and giving it a 1 star. Watching this web series or any web series, keeping your party propanganda an idolism in mind would be wrong.
This series shows the harsh realities of the society, not just Hindus. It shows the communal tensions and violence and also shows the caste violence.
The main protagonist is an awesome actor but in my opinion the screenplay of this series is weak. It doesn't explore it's antagonist or some other cast members storyline much.
I think they were not able to put everything together in the way they should have.
The climax was also not good.
You will keep on waiting and waiting for some surprise in the series but you will be kept waiting.
It's an average series. Nothing new same stories just like any other series being made these days.
Watch if you can't find anything I have seen better similar content so not thrilling for me. When we say content is the king this is the type of content that Indian audience deserve. From the starting scene to the ending scene, with each and every character being given importance and each having a back story of their own. (Spoiler) Also that the series won't have another season to drag the story. This series deserves an international audience. Absolute waste of time. Stopped watching it in middle and just because i cannot not help knowing the end went straight to the last episode and put an end to it. It is so bad that I had to write a review for it. Accurate. Gripping. Perfect!<br/><br/>The show dares to show what happens in India with unflinching clarity. It's a must watch This show is nice and good story but not comparison mirzapur or sacred games This series is just about to dramatise negative things on specific community or people. It just spreads hate. Selling bad has become quite a beneficiary for amazon and netflix now. I would prefer to watch some good or fun series instead of these negative content filled series. Although the story is good still there have been a lot of unnecessary elements added to it like defamation of hindus and out of context adult scenes. It seems the bottom line of the series is that India is a living hell - Patal Lok. Though, one can watch it for some good acting. I am really surprised to see people giving low rating. I think if you love crime shows this one is just amazing, i feel some episodes are slow but the ninth one just brings everything alive and finishes like a jigsaw. Enjoy this one, amazing acting all around. This is a masterpiece !!! This is by far one of the finest crime dramas of Indian television. They have taken it to the next level. Characters growth is fairly deep. Best part, story ends in season 1. No waiting for season 2. I won't compare it to other dramas, but this is one of the best I have seen. Ignore bad reviewers - this is after all a drama. I congratulate to makers and encourage them. Enjoy every single episode and every scene. Series like this don't come often. What a master piece. Everything is too good acting screen play story telling. Just amazing. Binged watched it. Hats off to the makers & actors. Standard has gone up. Best series I have ever watched in its genre. Cinematography, sounds , scenes , everything is exceptional. A must watch. The series keeps us fully engaged for over 6 hrs. There is no element of bad acting anywhere, with every actor giving nothing but the best. Its a fascinating thriller and does great justice to the expectations that audience have.
Spending time to watch this was the best decision in terms of movie/web-series selection that I made in recent times. This is no doubt the best Indian web show. The actors, cinematographer, director and specially writer...each and every one of them have done impeccable job. Some scenes are seriously bone chilling. Hathi Ram, Tyagi and Chini, these characters were so outstanding, and the respective actors have done full justice to their role. Must watch show. People are giving it a hinduphobia angle..but truth is these are the people getting easily instigated the moment something is shown against Hinduism...they cant digest the truth...
But if u seriously wanna see good acting and brilliant direction and thrill..this is for u
It's the best making in recent times Great series, unfolds a lots of mystery, very well directed. Its amazing to watch...
Really enjoyed it., Highly overrated..heard a lot about this show but it ended up big disappointed...skip these This series has no strong story. Every minute I was thinking, there will be something in the next episode maybe..... Looks like it's sole aim was to demean Hindus. As a viewer, I am fed up of such directors who make a series with no story line, worst direction & demeaning ANY religion. This attitude has stopped me from looking for a good hindi tv show because they have a agenda behind it. There should be only one agenda, story telling! And this is what such directors miss every time! Total waste of time.... highly disappointed..... The series starts off well an establises an Interesting Premise but The Screenplay is Slow And the Writing seems to Take Convince at Time The series Doesn't have a strong antoganist rather it doesn't even try to Create one Abhishek Banerjee (Vishal Tyagi) had an interesting character and At start but Get Very little screen time To establish his character arc The Series Mainly focuses On the Protagonist character Jaidep aahlawat (Hathiram Chaudhary)does a good job But Even writing for His character lacks dept The Series also makes a vaige Attempt to showcase the money mongering Of media houses but even That Seems halfbaked
Over Disappointing Two stars just for the direction, storytelling, and performance by Jaideep Ahlawat. It was a good watch until it became clear liberal propaganda on Hindu-Muslim.
Though the plot highlights the dark realities of our society, the liberal propaganda showing Muslims as innocents and victims of cruelty from the Hindu majority is repeated in every possible way and is clearly visible.
The storyline has some major mistakes, like when the case is handed over to the CBI how the details of the suicide of Tarik were not passed, and how Hathiram didn't remember the lost diary for days in which he wrote notes from the case.<br/><br/>Disappointed, I wish we could get a political-crime web series with balanced views. Everything is great but climax, Jaideep acting is very realistic. Yes this webseries suffers from hindu phobia and anybody who watches it can understand it. All the facts are twisted to project hindus in a bad light. Watch panchayat, spl ops instead. Has a very interesting plot and has been nicely directed in relatable locations.<br/><br/>Has some very good actors esp. the lead actor has completely sunk into the character. There were few characters which did not require that Importance like the son, reporter and could have fast tracked the narration.<br/><br/>Overall good and the End concept is very deep and meaningful on why the Killers did not kill the journalist! What an amazing journey of an officer who tries to discover the truth and ultimately get to it. I do not see this as any hinduphobic propaganda picture at all. It's an amazing thriller series and one who believes in acting, cinematography, bg score and has love for GOOD cinema should definitely watch it. This is a masterpiece, I highly recommend you all to watch it. There is no propaganda in this, the series is amazing. Ignore the hateful bad reviews. Series to be remembered for long.
Jaideep Ahlawat has dine the role of a lifetime. Just drop everything and watch this series. Jaideep Ahlawat is the man of the moment.. The best thriller series till date.. Just a real reflection of what's happening in India. Nothing else. Watch the show for Jaideep Ahlawat as Hathi Ram Chaudhary.. this man steal the show... Effortless protrayal of a delhi cop A perfect take on current social and political scenario in the country. Though wanted to give a rating of 8.5/9, after seeing a lot of reviews with 1 star, upgraded my rating to 10. Enjoy watching it! Brilliant and i like the way the movie is going in so its good to watch this movie Such an impressive series after long time.. every character did an excellent job.. A series where you can find emotions , drama , action and top top notch acting by each and every characters ðŸ‘Œ The story and setup paves the way for a great show until biased religious psyche of makers kick in throughout the episodes to leave a bad taste. Adulterated creativity! This series is based on real political drama happened in 2003. This series is biased and trying to hide important facts. Often you find titles that promise a lot and by the time you go through, they leave you underwhelmed. HOWEVER THIS ONE IS DIFFERENT!<br/><br/>The simplicity and authenticity of story telling is engaging, relatable and impactful.<br/><br/>A take on fake news, its motives and its unfortunate victims. The episode structure, the performance by the cast, art direction and the Director deserve to called out.
Special treats are Jaideep Ahlawat, Swastika Mukherjee and Abhishek Bannerjee.
Mairemban Ronanldo Singh gave a very sensitive portrayal, Though rajesh Sharma presence created an expectation which is as yet not fulfilled maybe season 2?<br/><br/>A big shout out also to Anushka Sharma for another impactful story like NH10. The series is a must watch who loves intense acting and crisp storyline.. And yes, one need to be rational as well.. I ve seen a lot of low rating and their comments and understand their psyche... ignore that... I was expecting a little more shades for the character of Sanjeev Mehra (Neeraj Kabi). Other than that, it's a great price of work to watch. And yes, it has shown multiple problematic scenes including racism, rape and many... but none of them were glorified. Beautiful storytelling, best indian web series so far. Well written and engaging. Brave attempt to depict reality about politics and all the cover ups which get done This is the most realistic Indian web series till date Good job. Loved it. Awesome awesome awesome. Nice storyline....great character development.....strong performances ......one of the best Hindi tv series seen till now..... Highly recommended, The real Indian cinema can be seen through this webseries and many other series Great work by everyone.
Started for Jaideep Ahlawat, stayed for the content. Story, acting and execution is perfect but the reason of low rating is the excessive use of abusive language which makes it difficult to watch at home. The use of abuses are very common and it could have been avoided at many places, sometimes it seems that the abuses have been inserted deliberately. Wow what a series, Jaideep has done amazing acting and series itself is well written. Each and every episode has intensity at same level, there is no dull moment. Usually some series are great in beginning but the interest tapers down as you reach towards end. Not this one.<br/><br/>Before watching I had doubt that it might end up being similar to criminal series we have been seeing so far but NO, I was happy to realise my assumption was wrong and this series was different. Go ahead and watch it. One of the best web series in Hindi. Jaideep and Neeraj are just mind blowing.They did a super work.Superb story also. It has shown us some disgusting truth about our society. I don't write reviews beyindva rating. But this is clearly the best I have seen out of Indian TV content. Acting, dialogue, script, background score, the commentary on contemporary Indian social system is just amazing.<br/><br/>Those who think the series is Hinduphobic have possibly never lived in the hinterland that the show depicts so accurately. Yes there is rape everyday as a form of revenge, yes there is casteism, yes there is dirty caste politics, why deny it? This is not the first series or movie to show us the mirror. Accept it. Average storyline. Story somewhere stops making sense. Story seems to grip you by a thread. Nothing much to watch except fine performances by the actors. Made small stort lengthy to 9 Episode series. Casting seems natural actors though not very popular ones. Too Much Hindi propaganda portrayed which is very unnecessary.If Hindu part is removes or may be shown less it would have been excellent show but bai faltu scenes made the series not recommended to others .. Paatal lok has a raw and engaging story sauteed with Indian Mythology and government conspiracy.
Although it gets predictable after a while the initial twists keep you stuck to the screen. The acting by the leads is great in there respective roles. If only the writers could justify a decent conclusion to the series. A down and out cop lands the case of a lifetime when four suspects are nabbed in the assassination attempt of a prime time
I like the movie I don't know why i had watched this, I want my 4 hour back,I think story of 30 min forcefully stretched for 4 hours. Please don't make Season 2. Just watch it... just binge watched the series in a single go... cant wait for the season2 Brilliance
You watch and you decide
Don't go for religious comments I binge watched the show over the last couple of days and I am seriously impressed. I think our TV shows are finally at the level of international dramas. This is a very well made show, and all of it fits together like pieces in a puzzle. I feel bollywood hasn't used it's power to reach millions of people to highlight the real issues of my country, and this show, even though it's a drama does have some basis in truth, does a good job of doing that. This show is on another level it's another masterpiece s gem like Sacred games it's a much watch now .
This series in not hinduphobic. Go for this show and i am sure you will not regret it . The religious issue was deliberately put up so that the controversial hype make more publicity. Do not waste your time by watching this series! Make some sensible series at least ! Predictable series. Waste of time. Does not meet expectations Tried for getting interest.. but worst series ever Show is slow and not that great story is so simple the thing only impresses acting of hathiram chaudhary The series is good but it drags the story which makes it really slow and boring Pathetic storyline. Highly disappointed. Except for Special Ops, almost every Indian Webseries is either disappointing or average. The only saving grace for this show is good acting and yeah its also has a little bit of propaganda like most of the shows. Watch English, Israeli, Korean content instead. Start with the spy, capture, Fauda, Billions, Goliath etc. Was ok. Some episodes were slow and predictable. I assume is shows the true culture in India. Some of the subtitles didn't stay up long enough for me. Good ending. Story may convince you to watch but it is a trap. Slow narration. Noting happens in episode but at the end of episode you will be convinces that something is going to happen. watched till end in hope of twist or something smooth.ends as it started with the taste of dry grass. nothing Storyline is good, but the starcast was not utilised properly specially the four guys. Some more story should have revolved around them.
One time watch, can be missed The acting was pretty darn good and the story was pretty addictive. Until episode number 6. Wherein the series was rushed to reach an end. The plot itself didnt have a lot to it, it was simple; it worked due to how its wrote. But it went downhill really quickly.
The backstory of Tyagi is kind of lame, like if you are showing a psychopath you have to do it in a slight more better way. The entire thing related to dogs seemed lazy and showed the scriptwriters couldn't get a prominent backstory.
The show's effort to show social commentary is appreciable and it does show the dark side of our society, which we often ignore.. the show is or atleast tries to keep itself grounded in reality. However there was propaganda, in here, which just seems to be exaggerated. I appreciate their attempts to convey a social message but it was clearly over-exaggerated and made to go along with the script. Honestly directors need to ditch the entire propaganda based web series they are pumping out.. I'm sick of it.<br/><br/>
Overall -
Script- 4/10 (Cliche)
Acting- 9.5/10 (Jaideep was awesome)
Pacing- 5.5/10
Cinematography- 7/10
Enjoyment- 6/10 *People who love Dogs, are good people.
When a dog loves a man, he is a good man.*<br/><br/>Lines are said by a criminal to a toddler who want to be the next face of crime in the area. The impression of this quote was so high on his mind that he forbade to assassinate a high-profile prime time journalist on his assignment because journalist and his wife was great fond of dogs. Although journalist was allergic to dog hairs. The drama is based on the southern part of UP state called *Bundelkhand*. A Delhi station house officer was in lead role who was desperate to solve the mystery who were touching the different section of society; media corporate house, state politics and investigation agencies. At the end of this drama after lot of challenges, SHO succeeded to solve the mystery and found the real mastermind and his game plan. And he proved he is not wuss. This series is the most realistic series if someone wants to understand Indian society and its flaws .There is an army of Bots who are giving bad reviews to this great series which itself is an evidence of Indian Hindutva Mob mentality .This is the best Indian series so far . Must watch. Director and actors have done amazing job. It's good to see that we are getting a good cinema these days. This series is dark suspenseful and thriller, makes you laugh at some points. Gives you the real image of media and police and how they work. The director could complete the season in 1 or 2 less episodes. Ahlawat is amazing and you love when he comes to screen. From the trailer, I was expecting some serious cat and mouse game between Vishal Tyagi (Abhishek Benerjee) and Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary (Jaideep Ahlawat) but it just turns out to be a typical political drama. The worst part is its abusive language, Adult scenes, Nudity which all seem forced and unnecessary. Though the screenplay and Performances are pretty great whereas the storyline has nothing special to offer. There's Less Crime and more Drama. So if you love slow-paced investigative thrillers then Paatal Lok is One Time Watch. Recommended! ðŸ˜„ Great show, gripping story although a tad slow, fantastic performance. Could have avoided the not so subtle anti hindu rhetoric. But i guess that's what Amazon wants these days. If you are given the best platform, all the best actors & some really really Abusing words....
You always like these things & that's the trend here..
Crime, violence, A pinchful sex acts & abuse every minute with the most common abusing words in India...Sometimes flowing, sometimes unnecessarily.<br/><br/>Performance of these guys can carry any story to next level. All these leading guys are brilliant....<br/><br/>Paatal lok is not a thing to miss.<br/><br/>Secred Games has made a new path that will be followed by different people, different roads, different stories reaching same destination that's ....Entertainment..<br/><br/>Completed on Saturday night in one shot...It has the power to keep us on couch for hours & slick 9 Episodes series...<br/><br/>Jaideep Ahlawat keeps the Raazi performance continue,
Neeraj kabi missed the Taj Mahal magic & always expected to give more than the previous....Good but not magical
Abhishek Banerjee is the Guy who is intense...Looks like he must have killed 45 persons... Real & Intense....
Performer like Gul Panag, wasted the most...What a cool actress she is.....so little for her in this Series...
Anup Jalota is always better in bhajans than in Acting...
Couldn't Find Danoliya in the whole actor list or even in Series. The Only intriguing voice.<br/><br/>Gets 7 from a common viewer.... Its kind of just every crime cliche you can think of in India condensed into one series. Had great characters but in my opinion couldn't develop them enough, so many potential sub plots that went nowhere.
Plus the overarching plot was kind of weak at the end of it and leaves you unsatisfied.
And a lot of sjw stuff obviously. Nothing extraordinary about this webseries, it's a mixture of all past famous webseries, where few of character or screenplay has been copied and finally became a pointless story and unnecessary enlarged to 9 episode. I don't like this web series it was the worst web series I ever watched.. Patal Lok is made with an intention of showing the current situation consisting of injustice, bigotry, castism preaviling amongst the powerful and privileged people in Northern part of India. But the actual image it gives is that the place is almost unlivable. It tries to defend the crimes committed by people due to acquiring their beastly nature from facing torture and humiliation. The violence shown in the show is very crude and definitely gives nerves and triggers few bad emotions. Even though the character performances are brilliant and screenplay is mind-blowing the overall experience will slightly be bitter since it portrays the society we live in as a a notorious, apathetic and cruel towards the unprivileged. Even though some parts of it may show cruelty against minor sections of the society for example a transgender was beataen brutally by a police officer for no mistake of her and child abuse which is also much existing in our society. Watch Patal Lok only if you are a person who just takes movies for the moment and dont get influenced by it. I would suggest you too avoid if you are emotionally vulnerable to movies and get impacted easily. Thought this is going to be a very good series as some celebreties gave publicity.<br/><br/>Now I think that must be a paid advertising or ppl trying to impress.<br/><br/>Save your time by not watching this, so unpleasant to watch. Some good acting but that's it.<br/><br/>Super slow story telling. Too many distractions only to drag the episodes. There were other series out there where you will more story in just one episode compared to the story of whole season of this. Unnecessary raw crime/abuse scense which only makes watching more difficult.
Not a sensible ending too, what is the reason behind plan to kill the journalist and why the police is spared .. doesn't make sense.<br/><br/>Disappointed It's a decent story. It does have it's propoganda theme and d ISIS angle seems old school. But Jaideep has given everything n that sums up the complete package. Fed up of watching d same muscular men doing some stupid stunts under supervision. Here is a regular guy with no six packs or style, wears regular clothes n moves around like a normal human being that we see around.
Over all u can spend time on this If you are free watch otherwise skip it. Where it starts it ends there . No meaning Very nice direction supported by superb acting .. must watch series . 5 stars Best web series so far that is realistic, honest and natural, Just a word worthy. And also i will try to be kind to a dog as review was too short. It shows all the major problem witnessed in Indian society. Felt goosebumps atleast 2-3 times.Must watch web series as it makes people understand the wrong doings by discriminating people on behalf of caste and religion. Shows all the problems faced in rural, semi-urban and urban areas. I don't know why people are calling it 'hinduphobic'! 7.5 rating is due to the twitter trend, calling this series as 'hinduphobic', believe me, it is not, those people are just making politics out of this.
Talking about the series, I have seen the best casting in this series compared to recent shows, Main lead is from Haryana, Actor portrayed as Killer from Punjab is from Punjab etc. that adds up to that there are no fake accent, like in lot of Bollywood movies. Its good to see good actors are given lead instead of 'good looking actors'. Binge watched Paatal Lok. Good action, suspense and thriller web series. Excellent work by Jaideep. Abhishek Banerjee fits in the character of Hathoda Tyagi very well. Very engaging. Very good casting. Well acted and directed. Amazon Prime clearly has another winner on its hands. 8/10 There's a lot of hype about this show, and no doubt it was great entertainment with some excellent acting with a gripping, intense vibe that keeps you going till the end. However, all the overall hype cannot make up for several issues:<br/><br/>1. The trivialization of CBI's findings and absolutely no repercussions of their accusations is very hard to believe. They blame ISI / Pakistan for the murder attempt, and then we hear nothing else about this for the rest of the show until the end. How would Pakistan ever not respond to such an accusation? How can the CBI just spin a terrorist story as a cover up for some UP politics?
2. The bigger problem with the story is that it builds a very larger than life expectations with regards to the main story - who is Masterji? why did Tyagi want to kill Sanjeev Mehra? why did he not? And the answers in the end, are just, well, quite underwhelming. Masterji has been dead for a while. And the entire story revolves around a political play between Bajpayee and Gujjar. Sanjeev Mehra actually has NOTHING to do with the entire plot even though that's the issue being pursued throughout. And the big question of why he was not killed? because of a dog... I love dogs, and it's a cute thing to add in the story, but for it to be one of the grand revelations...no..<br/><br/>Still a great watch. It's awesome to see more and more cinema of this type being produced in India, and compared to the usual Bollywood trash this is Oscar worthy, but such shows have to be held to a much higher standard, and so a 6/10 Paatal Lok is an okayish but well marketed TV Series. The story is good but it doesn't hold you by the edge and the urge to binge watch it. Every episode feels independent of the previous. Almost everything connects at the end in the last few mins of the episode. The journey of the entire story feels like you are travelling on a village road.<br/><br/>1. The story highlights the point of how a simple man is played by a political system which is corrupt at so many levels.<br/><br/>2. There are a lot of assumptions in the climax. Hathoda Tyagi is assumed as a serial killer who only kills bad guys (The part where they say that Tyagi felt that Sanjeev is a good guy and wanted a confirmation to kill. This is nowhere mentioned during his introduction. Infact, he is shown as a ruthless killer).<br/><br/>3. There is only one good dialogue in the entire series.<br/><br/>Overall, I felt like series is just one time watch with no big expectations as marketed by the team. This series is full of hindu hatred.they tried in every aspect to demean hindus.in terms of storyline nothing's new.typical murder mystery with predictable twist and turns.i am giving 1 star because of it's starcast That the series indian ott platform needs not like netflix india doing these days. Amazon again hit it with a banger.Awesome performance by jaigeet (hathi ram) love with this character. All performance are damn high. Must watch series in todays times. This is probably the best Indian web series I've seen, I haven't watched Sacred games so can't compare these two. Jaideep Ahlawat steals the show in Paatal lok, he's the heart & soul of this gritty crime thriller. This show gives a certain vibe we get to see in Anurag Kashyap's works mostly. It's unapologetic & hits you in the gut.
The plot is quite simple, it involves corrupt cops, gangsters & polititions. But the uniqueness lies in the storytelling & direction aspect. Paatal lok isn't flawless, it has some loop holes here & there. But overall it's a must watch crime thriller.
Neeraj Kabi is a revelation here, the rest of the supporting cast did a phenomenal job as well. We need more good contents like this on OTT platforms. A very well written story on complexity of modern India. No judgement. Just narrative. It's expected that it would get hate comments. But a must watch. If your niche is gritty crime drama, Paatal Lok provides a gripping and riveting plot. A must watch and series worth binging on, along with it the performance of Jaideep Ahilawat which I must say showcases a certain sense of ruggedness which is required to pull off such narrative. Hathiram Police character well acted by Jaideep Ahlawat...Best Series on Amazon in this year The episodes are very slow. Trust me, felt like sleeping in between. It's s bit interesting towards the end. It's just a one time watch. There is no comparison with Sacred games.. Sacred games is much better and engaging. Wonderful direction, story must not miss at Amazon prime's best series so far. If..not for anything then watch if for perfectly casted ensemble... Jaydeep Ahlawat is brilliant... so real potrayel of situation by writers and perfectly acted by all the artists. No wonder the director has does an amazing job. After all he has got movie like Drishyam in his portfolio. It was after a long time that I saw a story which was very satisfying, no loose ends and no unnecessary stretching of the plot. People saying this to be a propaganda are absolutely paranoid, it has religious conflicts of all types, and doesn't bash one religion. Language is strong and it stings, some scenes are rather uncomfortable but that brings a flavor of originality in this brilliant piece of work.<br/><br/>The cast is perhaps biggest strength of this series. Especially the police and goons, reminded me of Paan Singh Tomar. Scenes and conversation during news scenes seems rather fabricated and contrived to a degree but one can withstand this for the show is great! For a thriller series, Paatal Lok is surprisingly slow. For a story that starts off strong, it gets drab and stretched towards the second half. The last couple of episodes are the biggest let down with such superficial portrayal of the villains and heroes that you are confused who is what at the end of the day!<br/><br/>The only saving grace of the series is the brilliant casting and acting and hence gets my rating. This is a series that fails to deliver on the promises it makes! A TV show with good story telling and superb acting by Jaydeep Ahlawat and everyone else. End credit song rounds up to 8 Otherwise 7.5 rating of the show. Acting level of each character is top but if you are a fan of story nd screenplay then this is not for you.
After Asur every maker is trying to use mythological connection but it should have pace nd good storyline to keep the audience for 7-8 episodes which lacks in "Paatal lok" This is a one particular-community appeasing story where left liberals are shown as opportunists who only care about making money, sikhs are shown as women abusers and hindus are shown as brainless savages who only care about lynching, beat wife in front of their child, are merciless dreaded brahmin criminals, a brahmin politician causing all the events happening in the story, a gujjar dacoit which is more glorified and powerful than policemen and a temple priest serving non-veg food inside temple premises in front of an art of Goddess Durga, while using highly abusive and undignified terms for mothers and sisters. Any guesses who were the ones shown as victims? Yes, as you thought, the peace-loving and universally tortured muslims. This series shows us the exact real harsh truth of real India where minority getting destroyed day by day.This shows us the right dark truth of India media and community. How harsh and nasty the lower society is,this content shows us the right way.
Beautiful screenplay,amazing storytelling..
Although loved it.
Best webseries of 2020. Great Content, Dialogues n acting...Jaideep Ahlawat as Hathiram Chaudhary is awesome It's the one of the best crime thriller I watched. Character choice's decent. Everyone play its role brilliantly. Good story n suspens This entire play is very confusing. Who killed who? What happened where? .. you will need Sherlock to connect all these breadcrumbs. Full star rating to Hathi Ram acting though! ðŸ¤— Worst screenplay with weak story plot. Everyone has a flashback. All scenes are stitched together with the main plot. Unnecessary sex scenes. Horrible writing example. Don't waste your time. Such a gripping story, perfect casting, and mesmerizing acting. Jaideep Ahalwat is beyond any adjective.. flawless acting, I think it's his best till date. You can't stop once you start watching it, so ready to binge. Great show overall
Some of the scenes in episode 3 are ridiculous, which don't justify the society. Story
Patal lok a flavour of hell. In this story a police officer is given a case by higher authorities thinking he will shut the case soon thinking of him as a dumb man. But more to the story he finds the dark truth in the investigation. The story makes u think a lot about what's going on somebody is investigating,Some of them have their old stories,Some are having affairs,some are giving travelling all around to give slangs. In all of it you won't find any sense till the last episode the investigation is compared to story of patal lok.i still don't understand why the series is called patal lok. But you will feel satisfied after hearing the concept at last episode.<br/><br/>Cinematography
You won't find any content of patal lok. But it's good enough of old Delhi miniatures and dark allys.<br/><br/>Content
Abusive language which is really common in today's web series
All the sensual scenes and the blood killing.<br/><br/>Acting
Strong acting all the actors really appreciate them
jaideepahlawat
neerajkabi
nowitsabhi
swastikamukherjee13<br/><br/>U people really have worked well i loved the way you delivered you act. Love you sir's and mam<br/><br/>Conclusion
This one is for only who likes the blood killing art and who can Baer with the show till end to know the onctent about and what is patal lok in the series and its mythological reference. Such a premise revolving around the intricacies of politics, media and police have never been explored before in the Indian entertainment industry. Though an attempt can be seen to cash in on resonating it with mythology, the series could stand completely independent of the minor mythological resemblance.
There is a lot of resemblance in the storyline about the current socio-political atmosphere, journalist getting death threats just being one of them.
The only unconvincing part of the whole story is the reason why Hathoda Tyagi (Abhishek Banerjee) doesn't kill Sanjeev Mehra. This bit of the story seemed to be a case of slothful writing. Tying this end somehow could have made the end more convincing. But this shouldn't be the reason to not watch this series. It's a must watch web series. All the actors did an amazing job. But one or two stories too many shown alternatively which creates a bit of confusion. Great story line, every minute us important and good to watch Excellent acting by the newcomers. The story is terrible especially the Chitrakoot connection. Excellent videography, a bunch of underrated but talented actors, amazing sounds and quite a good attempt at making a thriller series.<br/><br/>Where this series lacks is in its base story. There are several weak points, so let's not get in there and put out spoilers. It's worth a watch. Also, there is too much unrelated political correctness which dilutes the coherence of the story. The creators try to ride on a wave of "desi" mannerisms, language and settings, but the scenes never give you any feels; it simply falls flat. Several characters bear no relevance. Most stories are mere pointless branch outs. Whole series is based on one illogical twist "dogs" . after watching that i was totally laughing out. seriously all this built up went up in vein. maybe they could change in S02 . Heard lot about this series. People were saying that this is one of the best series ever on OTT. Started with great expectations. Half way to first episode i understood that in the name of thriller writer director team is speaking out their political agenda. I donot mind watching cinema which are based on political agenda but than donot try to show it as thriller. I think honesty of director and writer towards subject of movie or series is very important. I have rated 5 just because of Good acting by Jaideep Ahlawat . Other than his acting there is nothing which is worth watching. There are a few basic elements that makes a gripping story. This series alas is completely devoid of it. There is nothing that makes you want to move on to the next episode nor does any episode end in a cliff hanger. It is a completely linear story where a notion that minorities in India face discrimination is pushed forcefully.Had it been once or twice then it would have seemed subtle.
The uttering of a word that is usually associated with Muslims is uttered by Hathi Ram in an interrogation scene which seemed natural, a sly remark by the CBI officer is also a good one but peddling a whole story about ISIS link,caste based discrimination is a bit too old and has been used multiple times.
It's not that these do not exist but the extent they portrayed in the show is a classic case of treating the matter as a case of black and white without giving way to the greys.<br/><br/>Also the scene where Jwala Gujjar spares Hathi Ram is totally lacking logic. We just learned in a previous scene that the doctor who learned that Donnaulia is dead just got shot in the head, the moment he stepped out of the room.<br/><br/>The ending does not make sense and leaves you wanting closure from the series on a high note. It was just a boring mini series. Quality production. Same old crime investigation although it is able to hold ones' attention. Interesting but average. However, had a very good wrap-up that leaves one satisfied. Slim chance of a season 2. Had a number of stars that have acted in movies before. Over-hyped.
Overall=average++ A simple story which takes different turns throughout in this series. It can be definitely short! (I mean unnecessarily stretched so much). Hathiram's character was superbly well acted by the actor and we just saw some glimpse of Hathooda Tyagi's intense role, but Abhishek Banerjee's screen timing was very small.. The writer could give him some more attention because it was one of the main antagonist with different kinds of thinking power! Writer needed to focus more on Hathooda Tyagi's character instead of those crappy politics and media things..
Overall a good timepass during this lockdown..
Consider it as One time watch..
And gonna rate it 5 out of 10 stars, because I expected something more from this.. Best in all aspect e.g Screenplay, Direction, Dialogue, Editing, Music etc. Power pack acting by very special unique Actors of Indian Industry. The best part, it perfectly defines and explain to the Title, one of difficult and different topic. A must watch🙏 Enjoyed watching it. Naked truth of indian politics and news If the series was as good as some claims, there would have been no need to create such hype. Barely a one hour story of crime patrol has been unnecessarily expended into a very long tale. Since it is an ongoing phenomenon to defame Sanaatan(Hindu) culture as much as possible in Bollywood. And we have a little story around some propaganda in those films/shows but here, they have poured unlimited propagandas around some story. All the turn and twists (if there is any) are very much predictable. Unnecessary scenes after scenes which are no where related to the story. Plus the name "Pataal lok" has no significance to the story whatsoever. Only thing that is praise worthy in the series is the acting. Which makes it bearable to sit through the series. Here is the thing. Indian audience (specially teen and youth) needs to understand that something filled with abuses and violence does not make it good. Abusing is not cool. Total waste of time. There are many shows who are trying to touch base upon the issues in society. And Pataal Lok does a great job.
Loved the layered writing, lived the acting and direction... #PaatalLok is a Crime Thriller, layered with social discourse and embellished with all elements that make it a must watch.
At the face of it is a crime drama that unfolds, taking you on the investigative roller coaster in tandem with Haathi Ram, totally convinced of his drive to solve the case.<br/><br/>Alongside, if you care to notice, it exposes the term Paatal Lok and its numerous manifestations in the Indian Social system. As Haathi Ram explains in the opening scene, universe is split in three parts and Paatal Lok is the lowest of the three where the inhabitants are stuck forever, without any hope to reach anywhere higher.<br/><br/>The main story weaves into its fabric life threads of various characters stuck in their own netherworld, treated "Less Than", almost subhuman, by the society at large with the flimsiest of excuses. Haathi Ram himself is stuck with a thankless job. Then there is a muslim cop, a range of criminals happening to be born on the wrong side of caste/religion, a transvestite abandoned by her parents, a woman dealing with mental health issues - to name the main ones.<br/><br/>What the series does exceptionally well is to stay within the story and cover the trials of these characters to break out of their situation. While Haathi Ram trying to get private education for his son, muslim characters are looking for ways to undo their disadvantage with education or otherwise. The transvestite has to resort to crime and prostitution to be able to cross over to be a 'normal' woman.<br/><br/>Likewise, the series has poignant scenes of the failures of such attempts - twice with the disadvantaged having to literally strip and other horrifying scenes that are hard to un-see. All of this happens amidst very real, life like situations, characters, language and art decor. One scene had an immersion rod hanging in a bedroom - a totally relatable visual for millions.<br/><br/>My favourite part has to be the very significant plot twist - the fact about dogs. Of all the Hindi movies involving animals, this has to be the most relatable and thought through homage to the humble dog. As a cherry on top, the series very aptly ends with a mythological story explaining how a lowly dog could be the means to ascend from one world to the higher one.<br/><br/>The cast have all performed brilliantly - except Gul Panag who stands out like a sore thumb with her perfect diction in both English and Hindi - character background be damned. Even side characters have ample opportunity to leave a mark as humans occupying the same universe as lead characters, not mere props.<br/><br/>Overall, brilliant offering for audiences appreciating quality content with attention to details.<br/><br/>9 Stars from me. All I say is Good Tv series specially at times like this. Nice touch of reality. Seriously, why would people watch this?! The story is such a cliche and for episode 1 you only need to watch the the first ten minutes to get the what the story would be like. Nothing is surprising, even the parts that are supposed to be terrifying.
Literally the last choice when you want to kill some time during the pandemic. This Series is getting more attention for showcasing real life crime with good acting. But, other series like Asur and Criminal Justice are very well presented compared to this one. It has left liberal touch with some unnecessary Hinduphobic comments and passive representation. Overall, good to watch but not flawless. Fantastic Series.. Good Watch. Actors have done great job. Though, politically loaded but still manage put across a meaningful mesaage. An outstanding performance by all the actors, good dialogues, but as it reaches towards climax you will get this feeling that the story could have been little better looking at the potential this series had. Good one from Amazon. Storyline and acting is pretty good. Hathoda could have been used more. Breathe, Family Man, Panchayat are the Amazon Prime web series I have watched that left me disappointed for all the missed opportunities it had when it comes to the overall content and especially the presentation of it. But, Paatal Lok manages to break this jinx for me, and this could be the game-changer for Amazon Prime producing Indian content.<br/><br/>Paatal Lok is about the 'divides' humans created in all forms and this series smartly does not take a stand, rather it presents a perspective that is quite justifying to an extent, even though we as an audience feel pity for our existence, our survival to stay ahead in the game for power, supremacy.<br/><br/>The external conflict of the series is driven through an investigative thriller mode wherein 4 suspects are arrested in an attempt to kill the country's celebrated media icon. The internal conflict is rather more fascinating wherein the characters involved directly or indirectly in this incident have their own brutal stories layered on humiliation, racism, casteism, patriarchal supremacy.<br/><br/>The series starts with the underline statement from the protagonist Hathiram Choudhary defining the three divided worlds - Heaven (Svarga), Earth (Bhoomi) & Hell (Paatal Lok) and it is the Paatal Lok wherein the majority of fewer privilege lives gets stranded, tortured and nullified. The protagonist who eventually is investigating this sensational incident is bullied by his superiors, underestimated by his seniors depicting how the society is so ruthless when it comes to people having power using it against the less privileged so conveniently.<br/><br/>Cleverly, there are many social myths busted on topics related to a specific religion, caste, race, sex and that's where the series stands out on its own even though there is a strong thread of investigation running on the forefront.<br/><br/>The making is quite impressive, the plots, the subplots, the characters, the dramatics, the narrative - almost everything very well thought of. The casting is very interesting and we see one of the country's underutilized talent driving the narrative with extreme ease. From the cast, I was very much impressed by Jaideep Ahlawat playing Hathiram and Swastika Mukherjee playing Dolly and the remaining ensemble cast was too good.<br/><br/>There are some loose ends when it comes to the pacing of the narrative, and there are few side characters lacking depth and felt they were introduced just to arrive conveniently at the climax of the investigative journey. The perspectives from the four suspects after their arrest was not delved at all, not sure whether this will be picked up in the upcoming seasons, but this aspect definitely felt left out in the proceedings.<br/><br/>Lastly, there are many instances referring to the dog, and the loyalty it posses. The end of the investigation plot touched upon the reference of a dog from one of the Indian mythologies ending it in style. Neatly done!<br/><br/>Paatal Lok in a nutshell - Heavenly writing serving as the strongest pillar to this great web series. Highly Recommended! Really it was a thrilling experience for me to watch this web series .... Want a story and acting by actors - Jaideep Ahlawat , Neeraj Kabi & Abhishek ..... Every episode is a movie in its own .... Request entertainment industry to more series like this .... I would say it's much more decent and good than sacred games ..... We don't need vulgarity to express some point What a marvellously performed webseries by all the actors and story is also based on serious matter of everyday life!!!......salute to Team_Paatal lok# To be honest, I found it overhyped but it's definately worth a watch. It is truly sad that most of the content may it be movies or shows, gets divided into an ethical polarization of politics or values. And the material that goes beyond that, comes under a scrutiny.
For someone who loves dark crime drama and believe that Indian productions have not been working on that, we have something here to be amazed about. What this show offers you is a chance to empathize with the darkest stories of sad cornered lives of few characters who represent the most unfortunate ones from a population of a billion people.
It is definitely not a show for everyone. Not for people who wants to debate about its political representations. Its for people who enjoys shows like True Detective, The Sinner etc.
There is a heavy amount of pyscho dramatization of characters which is supported by most of their performances.
There is no over-glorification of characters like in gangster shows such as Mirzapur or Sacred Games to get you excited about, the protagonist represents a simple police man who is just trying to not make any errors.
I would recommend this show to anyone who is specifically in to this genre. Please do not watch if you are not, you would not like it and you would cry about it, for all those pleas,e continue watching something commercial.
It is a work of fiction, and there is no agenda. Firstly, kudos to the casting team. The direction, the screenplay, the cinematography and the acting, everything was exceptional.
Generally in indian movies you know who is negative character simple by the treatment of direction. In patal lok there is non such give aways. It adds to the suspense.
Yes I felt that left leaning ideology in the under current of the narrative. However, all was very subtle though it packed a punch.
The character of Tyagi didn't have much dialogue but the soul piercing stare would give you goosebumps.
The episode of Cheeni's backstory was the hardest to watch. I felt something die inside me.
What stands out most is that the rural and the lutyens elite stories were told equally well.<br/><br/>Worth watching and recommending. Not for the weak at heart or who prefer romcom... I guess Do not go by the low ratings here, it's a part of right wing propaganda. This series at the beginning had almost a 9* rating and should have remained around that. But unfortunately the right wingers have started flooding the rating system here. I repeat - watch it and judge of for yourself. Great performances, great plot and a nice story which will stay with you for days after you've finished watching it. An investigative thriller that manages to question us. as a society, corporates, politicians, justice system and criminals. Average series..Can be watched but nothing extraordinary. Great performance by the cast. Good twist in the plot. But a bit dragged.<br/><br/>Love for dogs gives one extra star for the series If this is a meant to be reflection of the politics of India, today - then it's true to form on the misguided, myopic self serving agenda we see today. One of the best series I must admin. If Gangs of Wassipur, Mirzapur and deep haryanvi dialog tickle your pickle then this is right for you.<br/><br/>It brings stories from different states mostly resembles true incidents. Violence hits its peak in some episodes but keeps you hooked all the way till the end. The series shares same DNA as Mirzapur, politics & power along with a true resplendence of how system works. Massive call out to Jaideep Ahlawat, you nailed it mate.. People saying this is a anti-hindu series. Then as I muslim I should enjoy this show right? Wrong. This show is unnecessary boring. Lots of meaningless characters. Lots of unnecessary dialogue. Seems like they are just try to make this series lengthy. Why sooo many subplot? Every side role's character development. Why? This show is slow, boring & pathetic. 'Paatal Lok' is a complex, layered, multidimensional, and hard-hitting political saga of greed, ambition, degradation of values and redemption. This is an adaptation of the defamed journalist Tarun Tejpal's book 'The Story of My Assassins' but the creators nowhere in the show mention his name, maybe because he has been charged for sexually assaulting a colleague. The show explores the dark sides of human nature and forays into a world hitherto kept away from the Indian viewers considering them immature to face the truth and live in a utopian world. It explicitly demonstrates the state of affairs of right-wing activism, the hypocrisy of the left-liberals, and the status of the machinery controlled by the state. From the degradation of values on the world of journalism over the last decade or so to the way how minorities are treated in this country to how we fail to empathize with the LGBT community, 'Patal Lok' is a dark commentary about every bleak side of a country torn between lofty ideals and nasty realities. How an institution like CBI makes a mockery of investigation under pressure from those in power and use the clichéd weapon of ISI, terrorism to shield the criminals adorned with portfolios, respect and luxury to an extent of vulgarity have been depicted with sheer truthfulness sans any emotions otherwise banal in the hotchpotch of a Bollywood potboiler. There are violence, gore, real-life obscenities to an extent that you may look away from the screen. But this is it, guys. Welcome to the real world.<br/><br/>The script by Sudip Sharma is gripping and even though I sat with a microscope to find an error, it was hard to find any. All the loose ends have been filled in with fitting conclusions. The dialogue right from the start is the hallmark of the show. "It is written in the scriptures but I have read it in WhatsApp" epitomizes the present generation intolerance and fake news manufacturing without any proficiency or penchant for factuality. Do not miss a single dialogue of the entire show as it is laden with such brilliant one-liners. The Director duo of Prosit Roy and Avinash Arun does a marvelous job of harmonizing conflicting ideas and bringing those under a slick narrative.<br/><br/>"Paatal Lok" gifts us one of the most promising actors of recent times, Jaideep Ahlawat who finally bags a role that matches his acting stature. He is the protagonist and the world is shown through his eyes. He is often torn between his professional and personal turmoil and ends up being a loser in front of everyone, his family, co-worker, bosses, and society. How an ordinary cop with a conscience faces hardships every day and yet ends up gaining the worthless guy tag has been portrayed so efficiently through Jaideep's character Hathi Ram Chowdhury. Finally Indian movie makers have learned to show the vulnerabilities of the police minus the imaginary glamour shown in the third grade Bollywood movies like Singham or Dabaang. Neeraj Kabi as the shrewd journalist who is living a dual life- a life of falsehood in the realms of mundanity and a life of the fake ideologies of a liberal champion in front of the camera is restrained and genuine to the script. Abhishek Banerjee as the fearsome Hammer Tyagi steals the show with his bleak, ice-cold expressions. Every other character has done justice to their roles however minute those are. The review will be incomplete without talking about the sincerity of Ishwak Singh as the amiable cop and IPS aspirant Ansari and Swastika Mukherjee as the dog loving, soft spoken spouse of journalist Sanjeev Mehra. Practically every dark character in the movie has some bright sides in their characters and every so called righteous characters have their side of vulnerabilities. It is this balance that strikes the cord in this gruesome show of greed, lust and inner pathos.<br/><br/>
Finally, a big salute to bollywood's glam doll Anushka Sharma for taking a path less trodden. From NH10 to Pari, from Philauri to Paatal Lok, she is doing an appreciable job of bringing raw yet immensely talented crew together as a producer. The saffron brigade has already shunned Deepika. Now they are slamming Patal Lok as a Hindu-phobic work. How far will they go is now a matter of conjecture as Anushka's name is related with the biggest vote bank of the country - Virat Kohli. Very well written script. Casting could have been better. Four Convicts were perfectly Casted, but. Chef editor and journalist didn't justify much. But over all well made serie. If Indian television is looking for it's Breaking Bad, I would say that we are somewhere in Dexter territory at the moment. It would not be hard to draw parallels with Dexter. Starts of well and fizzles out towards the end just like Dexter. The acting all around is of the highest order. The amount of gore would make Dexter himself cringe. The moments between Sanjeev Mehra and his wife reminds one of the treadmill scene with Dexter's son.<br/><br/>Paatal Lok in my opinion is a far superior show to Mirzapur. Paatal Lok has a lot of things that work for it and first and foremost is the excellent cast. The cast in my opinion can be divided into the English speaking cast and the Hindi speaking cast and the latter tower over the former.<br/><br/>I know of people who have not watched Breaking Bad because they could not put up with the Walter-Skylar drama in the early seasons. The Sanjeev - Dolly drama is atleast ten times worse than that. Sanjeev Mehra"s wife is like Brody's daughter in Homeland.<br/><br/>There were also some minor roles that were cast brilliantly. Special mention to the lady who plays the constable Manju and the bloke who plays Raju Bhaiyya. The bloke who plays Hathi Ram Choudhary is an excellent casting. India should have its own version of the Emmy's to recognize talent on the small screen. Not those nincompoops from shows like Baalika Vadhu and Kahaani Ghar Ghar ki. The genuine actors and India has a plethora of them at the moment.<br/><br/>The ' Vicky please' guy from Stree is a fantastic actor but I am honestly not sure about his casting in negative roles. It's hard to look past his funny face.<br/><br/>The storyline is intriguing enough to keep you riveted but it sort of fizzles out with a rather bland ending. Definitely better than Mirzapur. Definitely worth a watch. Still a long long way to go before we have our own Breaking Bad. The story with different plots and merging in one and the way it unwraps is phenomenal. Jaideep ahlawat, Neeraj kabi,Abhishek Banerjee steals the show totally. Abhishek Banerjee has come a long way and his acting is out standing, jaideep ahlawat makes his presence felt in every scene, Neeraj kabi was great as usual.The new age Indian web series are in a great direction. The way the stories of different characters were connected was superlatively portrayed by the director. It even addressed various social issues and related it to the life of characters very well. The plot build up was a bit slow but each and every episodes were suspenseful. Talking about the cast, Jaideep Ahlawat was at his best as Hathi Ram Chaudhary , Neeraj Kabi and Abhishek Banerjee did a great job as well playing Sanjeev Mehra and Vishal Tyagi, respectively. All the actors and actresses done their job fabulously.,the plot of series is very fine after a long time i saw a best thing. The name would make more sense had the series been more darker. Still, it is a decent effort and is better than many other Indian web series out there. Story is fantastic (dunno why many are criticizing it..). Direction is slow and hence seems lengthy at times. Jaydeep Ahlawat is brilliant, however female casting is not good.
Few communist issues have been tested but not explored deeply which makes it rather hollow. Overall, a good Indian web series to watch after Asur. It's well written and directed show which such a talented cast. The characters are so well layered and the performance is spectacular. I've had goosebumps while watching some scenes, Hathoda Tyagi scene in school is one of them. Jaideep as a cop delivers amazing performance. One of the best Indian series so far.👏👏👏 Jaideep Ahlawat deserves standing ovation for the brilliant portrayal of inspector hathiram chawdhry. Also neeraj krabi and other cast members have given such great performances. Must watch. Hats off to d director for extracting such incredible performances 👍👍👍👍👍 I have never seen such detailed writing on Indian web space. It is a masterclass on how to make each small characters standout. Everybody acted brilliantly, but credit should go to the writers for giving them flesh & blood on paper.<br/><br/>The shows talk about too many social evils, but is never preachy. It makes you think & entertains you. And most importantly teaches you who is a good man......if you watch the show you will know who! This show is amazing and have shown today's reality. People are complaining that it is against hindu, but raise no voice when something is against muslims. I am not saying all Hindus are bad, but this shows the reality of those who are against other caste and religion. One need to watch this with open mind. Series is gud. Bt the ending could have been much better. Brilliant web series which shows the harsh reality of recent India. Amazing acting & story.
Ofcourse so many negative reviews from those section of people who cant digest portaying the reality associated with their activities. Very good investigation thriller. Just neglect the low rating review & go for it.
This series deserves a rating around 9 Good to watch once. Not a very great series coming from the director of drishyam. It seems like a very simple/straight narration about a failed cop trying to make it big, until the penultimate episode. However, some revelations in the final episode saves the plot.
Character arcs are one of the major positive. Director has done a great job in designing the character arcs of all the main leads. Every character has a backstory on why he is doing what he is doing.
It is close to reality and shows that even if you get to the heart of the case and understand everything about the system, corruption, politics and underworld involved in a particular case, you can't be a hero and save the day for everyone. There's only so much that you can do. Director has succeeded in showing that the protagonist is not a hero who brings justice to everyone, he is just an ordinary cop who did some extraordinary investigation in this case.<br/><br/>I see a lot of reviews naming it as hinduphobic, it definitely doesn't seem so. It just shows the reality of what's happening in our country. Whoever is feeling offended should ask themself if they feel the same way when the religion of the terrorist is always muslim in most of Indian movies. You'll have your answer.<br/><br/>Final word: I am not in awe of this tv series, but it certainly didn't waste my time too. A decent watch. This is great story telling accompnied by sharp picturisation and high class acting. The story just goes deeper layer by layer aa it progresses with tight grip. There are references to so many deep routed issues of society and at times it's heart touching. These are same realities of society which most of us know but we choose to ignore. All the lead actors have been perfectly cast and they all do justice. Abhishek Banerjee definitely steals the show with his raw expressions. I cut one point as I felt bit drag near emd. It would have been perfect with one episode less. But must watch. An engaging one time watch. Makes you rethink and reimagine this world. Rating - 7.5/10
Review :
paatal lok a one time watchable to feel the darkest zone of our society and may be a reality known/unknown to many of us. weak story line the series is not able to hold interest.
I think Audiences are evolving now and they are looking for a good content only. A series will definitely do a good business if there's a good story telling. Every actor has given their best.
But its one time watch Entertainment.
#prime Awesome Acting level of each &every character.. Brilliant.. #PaatalLok by @PrimeVideoIN is one of the finest series from India. It's too good. #SacredGames and #PaatalLok have raised the bar of our content in OTT platforms. It starts with a conspiracy of some brutal gangsters, high profile politicians, and some policemen leads to this journey where investigation goes to a stubborn and not so successful policemen who tries everything he can to find the truth. It involves an attempt of killing of a high profile journalist, It starts with a very high note and keeps the momentum going, where it gets reveled that story isn't about what it looks like. It gets you glued to the seat until the last two episodes where the ending was crafted so abruptly and the suspense wasn't reveled in an ideal way. It would have been an excellent plot if that was ideal otherwise turned out to be an above average for sure. Acting has been punch of the whole plot. Good story. All characters played their role very well. Shows the bitter truth of administration and system. Everywhere every one finds their own benefit . One time watching . Worth watching... A mysterious web series with some finest action and dialogues and best performance of all actors but somehow story line is little bit weak and did not go in the interesting way. Ending is little much disappointed and somewhat predictable. I liked the work of most of the characters in this series specially the main lead however there were some characters which I never understood why were they part of the script and also the ending of the story was abrupt or should I say complicated.
7 stars for the lead who portrayed his role very well as well some other characters like Ansari and sawaitri......😜
I hope next season is much clearer. The start had an intriguing features, promising lead character, desperation, and hint of something huge. But are you seriously saying that a low level goon was such a threat ?... Overall story is good but need to show more action Acting by lead actor Jai deep Is outstanding . It could have been shorten by 1-2 episodes . The plot sometimes seems to be agenda driven as it shows too much hatred towards right wing politics . Hot and cold at places, this is a decent one time watch, but nothing like the best like some paid self-called critics claim it to be. Some characters continuesly speak English. It seems that they have learnt English for this special series. Their lips don't seem to behabituated for this. Pimp in the show it is. It is a much better story telling and tight screenplay than many of the recent web series from India.
+ Positive points:
<ul><li>Tyagi, Ansari and Hathi ram were excellent in their part. Even supporting cast were good.</li><li>Good thing about series, there were no stars.</li><li>The screenplay was tight and didn't let your lose interest despite unnecessary messaging in between.</li><li>Mystery around Master-ji was intriguing.</li><li>Confronting the rich class's moral who behaves they are above everything.</li></ul><br/><br/>+ Negatives
<ul><li>This is no Delhi crimes which was crisp, up to the point and thrilling.</li><li>Messaging about majority targeting innocent minorities (without showing significant context).</li><li>Few occurrences shouldn't be put in just to get more eyeballs.</li></ul><br/><br/>All is all, it is a worth watch, just don't think this is the best series India has ever produced. This should have been a movie and not a series. They took 9, 45 min episodes to get to that climax which leaves you wanting for more. Everything about this is average. With a big name producer and all the hype surrounding it, this could have been better. Storyline and the cast was brilliant. direction was brilliant. The place where it failed was the ending but i appreciate that they completed the story in 1 season unlike most webseries👏 Initially it started on a slow pace but gradually it picked up<br/><br/>superb acting by jaydeep and his character was also very well designed he carried it in a very nice way good to see the real potential of stars<br/><br/>direction was also up to the mark but it needed a good edit to make the series to 6 episodes for conspiracy of a murder<br/><br/>as the trailer prevails it was up to 80% mark<br/><br/>neerajs dialog s were presented mostly in English that was a major set back as the title was a regional one<br/><br/>
they ended very well by connecting all the stories in a very logical way thus not keeping any open end for season to follow<br/><br/>good piece to watch Just binged on entire Paatal Lok today. My family and I sat through 400 minutes+ non-stop. My Mom didn't even go for her walk for the first time in a long time, which is a testament to how engaging it was.<br/><br/>Not really a review but some points come to mind.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/><br/>1. Politically progressive and bold. Potshots at patriarchy, Arnab, communalism, right-wing politics, capitalism, nationalism etc. Good and rare to see OTTs continuing to be unfailingly left of Center.<br/><br/>2. Largely realistic and gripping writing and direction<br/><br/>3. The character, character-development and performance by the protagonist - Jaideep Ahlawat<br/><br/>4. Also, performances by Vipin Sharma, Neeraj Kabi, Abhishek Banerjee, Ishwak Singh. And the surprise casting of Anup Jalota.<br/><br/>5. Engaging, largely not unnecessary subplots and backstories. Including the symbolism of dogs.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/><br/>1. By the time you get to the end, you feel cheated of having spent so much time on following Neeraj Kabi and his wife's stories. Although not unbelievable, you wish they'd have found a stronger core rationale for the plot.<br/><br/>2. The character whose killing the whole plot supposedly revolves around, is weak, underdeveloped and one you never root for. Hence after a point you don't care much about him.<br/><br/>3. Too much screentime to the subplot involving Neeraj Kabi's wife - Swastika Mukherjee - that doesn't advance the core story at all.<br/><br/>4. Once the initial investigations and character expositions are done, the rest really drags. The show could at least have been edited into 2-3 episodes lesser. It's actually not very binge-friendly, last 2-3 episodes, you keep shifting in your seat.<br/><br/>5. Some directorial liberties that are convenient but break the realism<br/><br/>6. Nearly everyone in this world is horribly bad, dark, violent and abusive. There is a difference between realism and voyeurism.<br/><br/>7. Some gruesome violence and rape<br/><br/>8. The casting of Gul Panag is completely inappropriate<br/><br/>9. The shifting of political loyalties in the last episode is confusing and not comprehensible.<br/><br/>10. The antagonists sparing the protagonists is completely unbelievable and jarringly breaks the realism.<br/><br/>Overall, among the really good Indian originals. Recommended but not with expectations of greatness.