That was INTENSE. Decided to watch this after seeing this film pop up on so many "2019 Top 10 movies" lists and I couldn't be happier that I did. Adam Sandler absolutely killed it in this, I kept feeling confused at the choices he made but at the same time felt sorry for him.<br/><br/>That ending game though... my palms were sweaty and I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see if it was going to end badly like most gambling movies do. I was extremely surprised to see him win his bet thinking "wow this movie actually is going to have a happy ending" but oh boy was I SHOCKED when Sandler unlocked that door... my jaw was on the ground.<br/><br/>Only thing keeping it from a 10 is the ending felt incomplete. What's his family going to think and what's his side piece gonna do once she came back to his dead corpse. Either way this movie was amazing.<br/><br/>Edit: wow did not expect so much hate on this film after reading other reviews... not to mention it looks like users here are fishing out positive reviews and marking them all as "non helpful". I don't know about those bad reviewers but any movie that has me at a lost for words and a pounding heart rate for that long deserves a spot high up on my list... All reviews here are correct. The good ones and the bad ones. This movie is a mess and you can like it or hate. My wife hated it, I liked it very much. "His character was unlikable." "It's too loud." "It's tiring/stressful to watch."
I fail to see anything of value in any of these critiques. If anything it proves that the director got exactly the response he wanted. It was tiring and loud and stressful and even now after watching it my blood pressure is high and my neck is taught with nerves, but that's literally the point. Not every film has to center on a conventionally attractive hero progressing towards his goal after a setback and consequently fixing whatever romantic issues they had. One of the moments that made me love this film even more was Howey's attempt to reconcile with his wife at Passover. For just a moment, they roped me into believing that this could be the classic Sandler movie turning point, where he grows as a person in some way and his significant other takes him back. He didn't get this chance here and I love the director for that. Instead of the generic turn around story, we got to see a natural end to his destructive tendencies. It may not be the feel good experience you went to the movies for, but that doesn't make it bad. I think watching at home is a good choice though. I had to take a break in the middle of the film, and that likely made all the difference in my ability to enjoy it. Saw this at TIFF. From front to back, this movie might be most stressful thing I've ever seen. I was a huge fan of Good Time and this movie ramps the intensity to an even higher level. Sandler's performance is great. It just shows that time after time, if he's working with a good director(s), a strong supporting cast, and an interesting concept, he will absolutely crush it. Also what other movie could have "people watching sports" be the most exhilarating part of the story?<br/><br/>I also loved that the score (Daniel Lopatin aka Oneohtrix Point Never) is used super strategically to build discomfort, especially when it swells to drown out the dialogue.<br/><br/>Looking forward to watching this again when it gets a wide release in December. It has been a fascinating ride watching the numerous ups and downs of Adam Sandler's career. From classic comedies like Happy Gilmore to great dramatic performances like Reign Over Me, he has proven time and time again that he is a very talented guy. The problem is that he has let himself fall out of the spotlight over the last ten years, simply due to the fact that he has been choosing some of the worst films of each year, on multiple occasions. In what might be the greatest performance he has ever given, Uncut Gems is his latest role that will be released this fall. After viewing this at the Toronto International Film Festival and giving it a little time to sink in, I can confidently say that this will end up being one of my favourite films of 2019 by year's end.<br/><br/>Following a jewelry store owner in Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) as he gets his hands on a precious gemstone from Ethiopia, he decides to lend it to an NBA star in good faith. What sadly becomes apparent is the fact that he has many issues under the surface. Being a really shady figure and having a serious gambling addiction ends up giving this movie an insane amount of tension. This is a roller coaster ride of claustrophobia and I couldn't get enough of it.<br/><br/>Directors Benny and Josh Safdie have been quietly building a solid little career for themselves. Having worked on very small indie projects like Heaven Knows What and then one of 2017s very best movies in Good Time, they're truly a duo that this industry needs. Their creativity always leaps off the screen in a way that feels very different from other filmmakers working today. This is a movie that heavily relies on pacing, editing, and performances. With a screenplay that requires nearly every performer to constantly be in motion or talking over one another, this movie barely gives you a second to catch a breath.<br/><br/>By the time the third act begins, you'll probably wonder why you have been so invested in Sandler's portrayal of Howard because he's really not the best person. With that said, it's the fact that he is a terrible person deep down and is so greedy that is what made it so engaging and unnerving at times. With the use of periodic psychedelic imagery, a pulse-poundingly superb score, and a slew of uberly talented performers, Uncut Gems is a movie that states from the very beginning that it's a contender for the upcoming awards season.<br/><br/>Overall, some viewers will absolutely wonder what the point of the movie was, due to the nature of how the final few minutes play out, but it was precisely these final moments that took me off guard and had me loving it even more. Personally, I feel that audiences have become impatient with films these days and anything over an hour and a half may seem like a chore to them if they're not completely on board, so that's why I would recommend this movie. It's not short, but the way this movie is put together makes it fly by. I believe this movie can be appreciated by many viewers. Uncut Gems is easily one of the years best films. They should hand out high-grade blood pressure meds to people going to see this after it ends. The major strength and in a way the slight weakness of Uncut Gems is how laser-focused the Safdies are in conveying total anxiety, stress and mania through this extreme act of full cinema SOUND (levels of acting and over-lapping dialog, that Vangelis-Blade-Runner-on-Steroids/Crystal Meth score, some of the cinematography and the tracking of the camera).<br/><br/>I do wish there was a little more than just flourishes of relief, though I'd be lying if I said Sandler was anything but exceptional and riveting playing degenerate crumbling right before our eyes. While Eric Bogosian, Lakeith Stanfield and Kevin Garnett and many others here are natural solid, it's Sandler's show, and it's soulful and tense and harrowing and ultimately (as terrible as Howard can be) tragic. The filmmakers's greatest achievement from the looks of this and Good Time is finding star-actors who aren't known for their wide range and getting career-triumph work from them. If the movie isn't all that complex, I do think Howard is and that helps make this pretty special as a depiction of addiction, more than anything else. It's got grit and style to burn, which is mostly fine by me. UNCUT GEMS (2019). First things first. This is not an "Adam Sandler movie". Yes, he is the star and the focus of the advertising, but, this is very much a "Safdie Brothers film". Emphasis on "film". Benny and Josh Safdie are very much in love with the look and feel of the films of the 70s and 80s, in particular. But, as with GOOD TIME, they are not interested in doing a cutesy wink-wink homage. It's in their bones.
Sandler plays Howard, New York city jeweler who's also a full-time hustler. His marriage to Dinah (Idina Menzel) is falling apart, his gambling debts are piling up and he is facing health issues. He banks his future on an Ethiopian rock which houses the title valuables. Also involved are a two-bit floozy he's carrying on with (Julia Fox) and Boston Celtics legend Kevin Garnett - playing himself.
From the get-go, the Safdie Brothers (who also co-wrote with Ronald Bonstein) bring enormous energy and drive to the proceedings. Sandler starts at 11 and goes from there. Similarly, Daniel Lopatin's score is often mixed so high it becomes intrusive at times (the synth music itself isn't bad, sort of a retro blend of Vangelis and Jean-Michel Jarre). Darius Khondij's 35mm photography is both slick and gritty.
Director Yorgos Lanthimos (THE FAVOURITE) has remarked that UNCUT GEMS is like "a Robert Altman film that was dipped in acid." Altman's 1974 CALIFORNIA SPLIT certainly fits the time period and some of the themes. Of course, Altman was an original and as many of his admirers have found out over the years, overlapping dialogue and naturalistic atmosphere do not alone make an "Altman film" (Altman himself often enough failed to create the unique mood). UNCUT GEMS works because of the filmmaking brio and Sandler's driven performance. Still, at times, it seems to be trying too hard. It works best in the last act when the Safdies let the drama play out more. It's a good film, even if not quite up to GOOD TIME. But, hey, Celtics fans now know how Boston beat Philadelphia in that 2012 Playoff series! I am pretty sure this would be an Oscar nod for Sandler.
One thing I can say for sure is that I have never been a Sandler fan. I have deliberately avoided his movies all along - I never liked him on SNL.
But boy did he break all my perceptions of him in this gem!
This is not a movie to watch in cinema for sure. Watch it at leisure at home with possibly taking a break or two in between. It is intense and will draw you in. How is this even a movie? For starters, who's idea was it to have a constant loud, atrocious, out-of-place and annoying score in almost every second of this film. Then putting a bunch of loud people in one room yelling, ignoring each other and talking nonsense, and call it a movie. This is the garbage daily workplace stress people want to avoid, not watch expecting to be entertained, but instead resort to drinking to settle down watching this stressful convoluted mess of nothingness. What was even the point of the traditional dinner with still non-stop annoying loudness and useless chatter? I get the writers are novice/newbs, but at least have a seasoned writer proofread this mess before it goes to action and viewers watch stunned for 135 mins wondering what they're watching, only to get a stupid ending. 4/10 all going to Sandlers great performance I went into this film with fairly high hopes for it. Yeah, those hopes died about ten minutes in. Everyone is yelling in practically every scene, and there's a strange, vaguely 80's sounding soundtrack blaring in every scene. The first two acts are a mess, though the third act is a bit easier to follow, but ultimately doesn't offer all that much of a story. So, to sum it up, I'd rather watch 'Billy Madison' while getting dental work done than this trainwreck of a film. Wtf is this? Why the high ratings?
It's 135 min of pure noise! The plot largely consists of Adam Sadler yelling at the TV / being yelled at / others yelling, transporting goods / money around and yelling at people / things again.
The whole movie is set up to stress you out as much as possible, which whilst quite a feat is also deeply unpleasant.
Found it pretty indulgent and unpleasant tbh.
Good acting though, in-between all the yelling. This film is essentially 2 hours of people shouting and swearing at each other. Sandler plays the role surprisingly well, but the characters are difficult to like and the storyline starts off difficult to follow and then fades into nothing. The ending is lazy. Just not a good film. The only interesting thing about this movie was the constant high stress levels. Other than than, garbage story which ended meaningless. I'd rather watch Adam Sandler's cheesy comedy movies that this. Uncut Gems was every bit as thrilling and chaotic as it seems was intended. The shouting dialogue and impulsive plot kept me on the edge of my seat, but the entire thing felt one note until the very end. I certainly wasn't bored, but I don't think this was a roller coaster I truly enjoyed. There's no time to breathe as Adam Sandler stumbles and falls through his happiness chasing tornado of a life.
At the same time touching and irritating this adult toddler by the name of Howard takes you on a desperate trip chasing final fulfillment. Will he reach it? I have only walked out of one other movie in my life. I was trying to stick it out through very chaotic and gritty scenes hoping that the movie would get better. 20 minutes into the movie, my husband said, it better get better than this or we should just go home. Sad to say, we made it about an hour in still hoping.<br/><br/>This movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. You don't want to root for any of these characters. They all seem pretty horrible as people. There is no humor. The movie has a lot of chaos, which creates almost an anxious feeling, and it just because people are constantly yelling or obnoxious.<br/><br/>I didn't enjoy anything about it and left, wasting $20 because watching reruns on tv was the better option. I couldn't even make it all the way through. The entire plot is just Howard trying to get back the stupid opal and constantly being around. The last straw for me was when KG and his crew were trying to get into the shop and the door wouldn't open. It was like a horror movie where the car doesn't start at the worst possible time even though it had previously started every other time. It added nothing to the story and only served to annoy. Does he get the opal back? I don't even care anymore. I'm sure he gets beat up at least once more and I'm sure there are other opportunities where it just slips through his fingers yet again. But worst of all, it doesn't even matter. His character is completely unlikeable. You don't even want him to get it back. There is nothing redeemable at all about the guy. You're not rooting for him. But you're not rooting against him either. He's not really a villain. He's just a scheming scumbag that you won't care about. I certainly didn't which is why I bailed out halfway through. I go with the honest & truthful reviews posted here - I felt like I was in an argument throughout the movie with a narcissistic sociopath and the level of chaos throughout every moment of his life was awkwardly uncomfortable - I only watched through to the end because of some strange past enjoyment of Adam Sandler's movies.... Just been shouted at for 2 hours and feel drained! Yelling is not acting or my kid is Al Pacino, annoying score , poor performance by most of the staff, annoying score, easy to figure plot twist , annoying score, over the top hectic yelling and screaming scenes, annoying score. A frantic episode in the life of Howard Ratner that let us imagine that there is more. A descent made of excruciating screams and precious gems, of sketched smiles and nerves on the skin. A well directed film, better written and very well acted. Adam Sandler offers us one of his best performances of his career, making many, especially young people, think that this actor has a lot to offer in different contexts. His performance, with the excellent directing by the Safdie Bothers, merges in an unique and original vision of a common plot. Film that you watch in a whisper with the perception that hours that seem minutes and minutes that seem endless. A thriller-dramatic picture with a bit of comedy between the lines. Frantic and unique. Two hours of people just shouting. It's absolutely awful. Zero likeness for any of the characters and a non story. Worst film I've seen for years. Sandler needs a good talking too. Managed about 10 minutes of this mindless shouting over a terrible synth soundtrack. Everyone needed to knock it down by 50% to make this watchable.<br/><br/>Had to pass before my head exploded. Wish I had left immediately but I was with someone and had to suffer through to the end.. This movie sucks. It was so painful to sit through that even my ears hurt. I was in a nice, clean theater with fancy comfortable recliner seats, but it was misery. I felt so grubby afterwards that I wanted a shower.The worst movie I have ever subjected myself to in nearly 60 years The music was terrible. The constant yelling and talking over each other was obnoxious. All that build up to make it seem like it's going to work out in the end for Sandler's character and then he's killed. People were leaving the theater before it was even over. Do not understand the near perfect reviews by people on here. This movie was pointless. Sandlers character is a grating ego-centric ahole mostly throughout. Got on my nerves, like a lot of the film. Long run-time for a slim plot, didn't have the stylistic flourish to justify it but just about held me to the end due to Sandler's great performance and occasionally engaging script. The pay off was not rewarding enough...disappointed after reading pro reviews (not just IMDB). Very "meh" about this. I wanted to like this movie. I really did. But I came out feeling a bit ill. The frenetic trailer proved a proper foreshadowing: it was like they extended the same pacing over the entire film. As a result it becomes hard to get to know or even like any of the characters and there was a resultant stock quality to many of them, with no real tension between them provided by the story. It skates too cleanly over the main character's gambling addiction and Kevin Garnett's role is almost inscrutable as a character goes; we end up with stereotypes. The tension which exists is generated in the hyperactive cinematography and editing and it leaves you feeling more and more like the end of the film couldn't come too soon... but when it does its nonsensical... it "wraps things up" but very unsatisfyingly. There's just not much of a payoff for your 2 1/2 hours. In sum, I'd sit this one out and wait till it's available to stream. I had rather scratch my fingers on a chalkboard for two freaking hours! The weird soundtrack is only exceeded by how grating the movie is. The Safdie brothers are a masterful dark comedy creating a film that happily has one rooting for the bad guy. Ratner is in more ways than one despicable cheat; but he's also someone who can't assist but love the crowd. As his different systems become more complicated, Ratner's hole digs deeper and deeper.With the ideal combination of arrogance and nervous insecurity, Sandler portrays Ratner's reckless descent. He's the man who believes he's covered with all the corners ; but he's really hanging on by a lucky thread.The performance of Sandler fits completely into the natural and edgy filmmaking style of the Safdie brother. The siblings patiently build a narrative that is an unpleasant and riveting experience. The more turbulent the waters Ratner is swimming in, the more difficult it is for one to look away. In fact, Uncut Gems is a rare treasure, a thrilling and darkly funny film. Too much going on in every scene. The whole film felt like a mad panic to squeeze everything into as little time as possible. No time to take everything in.. a case of quantity but little quality..I hated it ... one huge mess from start to finish. Really annoying! Everyone keeps yelling in the whole film, a lot of scenes make no sense. I don't know how this can be called a film and got this high rating. Unbelievable I can't work out why the ratings got this are so high. It's awful. And I quite like Adam Sandler.
The other reviews are right when they say it's just people screaming over some weird game boy music. I am an Adam Sandler fan. I went into this movie with high hopes. They left pretty quickly. The constant screaming and talking over each other made the movie exhausting to watch. There were no surprises. You pretty much knew what was going to happen from beginning to end. I went to see it based off of the reviews. Next time I will read the reviews from people who saw it NOT the critics. This film is forgettable. Sandler decided to yell every single word that left his mouth, plot annoyed me and no real likeable characters. These were my main concerns with the movie.<br/><br/>First half of the film is terrible, rated that about 2/10. Had no real direction and everything was just way too chaotic so hard to understand what's going on.
Second half is much better, I'll give it a 7/10. The film slows down in pace and you get a good idea what's happening now. Acting, minus the yelling, was good. Enjoyable.
Ending, stupid. Won't ruin it, but it's pointless. Felt like I wasted my time. Back to 2/10.
5/10 overall, wasn't the worst but had too many issues. Let's all agree on this: the Safdie brothers have a recognizable, signature filmmaking style.<br/><br/>Love them or hate them, they put their stamp on their films in a way that is wholly original and undeniably them. Personally, I thoroughly enjoy the frenetic pacing and relentless tension they create in "Good Time" and here again in "Uncut Gems," which has regrettably become 2019's biggest Oscar snub. Really, not a single Oscar nomination? It's a shame.<br/><br/>This is the Safdie brothers' best work in their relatively young careers. They knock viewers off balance early and never give them a chance to fully regain their or footing or catch their breath. Even the ending, no spoilers, somehow doesn't provide the relief one would expect since the journey is over. It took me until a few hours after leaving the theater to finally decompress.<br/><br/>The most impressive performance in this Safdie brother gem (I couldn't resist) is Adam Sandler. The Sandman is one of the most underappreciated dramatic actors of the last 20 years. Sure, he's known for and has become filthy rich because of his comedies, which include many, MANY atrociously unfunny movies, but Sandler more than holds his own in serious roles. "Punch Drunk Love," "Funny People," "The Meyerowitz Stories," and others revealed that Sandler, when given the opportunity, is one of the best actors in Hollywood. And this is his best performance yet. But still no Oscar nomination.<br/><br/>Sandler plays Howard, a sleazy jewelry store owner in the diamond district of New York City. Howard scams rich athletes into overpaying for expensive jewelry, cheats on his wife repeatedly, and moves around his gambling debt from one bookie to another. He mistreats everyone in his life, and everyone is fed up.<br/><br/>This creates the thrill ride of the movie. Howard frantically tries to avoid bodily harm from the hired muscle who demand that he pay up, so he races around lying to everyone, including his wife, his mistress, his bookies, his children, and Kevin Garnett. KG plays a surprisingly pivotal role in the movie, and he absolutely crushes it. Perhaps it should come as no surprise that a Hall of Fame-level hooper delivers a magnetic on-screen performance.<br/><br/>As Howard continues to disgrace himself and reveal himself to be appallingly unlikeable, Sandler somehow manages to keep viewers on the cusp of rooting for him. Things shouldn't work out for people like him. We should be rooting for his downfall. But Sandler brings an undeniable humanity to the character that, at times, somehow makes him sympathetic. Howard commits wretched acts, but we can't bring ourselves to entirely hate him because of Sandler. In no way is that a criticism - the humanity that Sandler brings is needed, otherwise viewers would check out mentally since they wouldn't care what happens to the guy. It's Sandler's beautifully nuanced, layered work that keeps everyone engaged.<br/><br/>This is an incredible movie, and it's an incredible shame that it went unrecognized by the Oscars. Hopefully general audiences won't make that mistake. People should watch and appreciate the marvelous work being done here. Ever since watching the Safdie brother's previous feature, Good Time, I was eagerly awaiting their next feature. Good Time showed that they are masters of tension and momentum, with their impressive culmination of unique characters, editing, dialogue and of course musical scores, and Uncut Gems further cements that they are not only masters of tension, but they are truly two of the most exciting rising filmmakers right now.<br/><br/>I usually know how to structure a review, but Uncut Gems is so unconventional in nearly every regard, and frankly I'm not quite sure where to start. It doesn't let up, ever. Pretty much from the first minute to the end you are shot into a relentless world of chaos among various reoccurring characters, all gravitating around Adam Sandler's "Howie". That leads me to Adam Sandler's performance and character. I LOVED it. Oh boy, is he good. He's not only fantastic at delivering dialogue for extremely long and exhausting takes, but just seeing his characters psyche continuously digging himself deeper is electric.<br/><br/>I'll leave off with saying Uncut Gems is one of the most exhilarating and unique films that I've seen this year. Adam Sandler (and the entire cast) kill it, the musical score is loud and exciting, it looks beautiful, and it has an energy that I haven't seen in any other film this year.<br/><br/>I really can't wait to see what the Safdie's come up with next. 45 minutes was all I could bear, that was more than enough, 45 minutes of shouting, poor direction, ridiculous script, annoying soundtrack, terrible acting. Anybody who rates this movie seriously needs to have a long hard serious look at themselves.
I carnt believe Scorsese had any involvement in this shambolic episode
ABSOLUTELY DIRE I literally can't think of a worse movie than this one.<br/><br/>Nonstop Screaming. Nonstop chaos. Nonstop fighting.<br/><br/>I'd rather be at the DMV for 10 years than live through watching this garbage again. No storyline. No redeemable characters. Poorly written, if anything was written at all. Literally a show about nothing. If you like a million f bombs for no apparent reason other than the lack of any substantial dialogue, then this is you gem! I can't believe I lasted an hour, and felt much better after leaving. The people I was with all left as well. Total garbage of a film. I'm sorry but this is a bad movie, the type of movie you would never watch again. I have nothing against Adam Sandler, but he has several bad films, including one that has another annoying character, Punch-drunk love.
I respect the 10 stars reviews, I understand that Sandler acting is good, but for most people this is not the idea of a good movie. Apart from the basis premise, screenplay, characters, directing, and music - this was a good one. I'm confused. Why would anyone even make this movie, and then release it on Christmas/Chanukah, no less? It's a screaming, swearing mess, filled with horrible and irredeemable characters. And the sound track magnifies the general unpleasantness of this film. The performances of the actors unfortunate enough to be in this film were all pretty good, including that of Mr. Sandler. They convincingly played despicable people, but that didn't save it; the story and the presentation were too strong obstacles to overcome. It was an unrelenting melange of betrayals, cons, violence, and stupidity overlaid by all that screaming and swearing. The reason I'm confused is that its scores were high, so maybe it's just me - but I don't think so. See it at your own risk. The writing in the movie couldn't figure how to complete a sentence without profanity. Screaming throughout and totally out of control scenes. Terrible!!! It's 2012 New York City. Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) is a greedy jeweler and a degenerate gambler. He is hounded by creditors especially those sent by his brother-in-law Arno (Eric Bogosian). He is married to Dinah (Idina Menzel) with kids. He also has his employee girlfriend set up in a love nest. Hustler Demany (Lakeith Stanfield) brings over NBA star Kevin Garnett to his store. Garnett is playing in the finals and is taken with Ratner's uncut stone. Events spiral out of control as Ratner's greed and gambling takes over.<br/><br/>Ratner is a really annoying character. There is simply no rooting interest. Without that, I don't care about what happens to him. It still could be great if he goes on an interesting adventure. That's the case for the most part in this movie. Sadly, it is entirely self-inflicted and that is also frustrating. Adam Sandler delivers a quality performance and he has one terrific monologue with Kevin Garnett. When the story is first laid out, I hoped for a series of hurdles to retrieve the stone. It would have been a fun scavenger hunt where hopefully he finds some redemption. That's not this movie. There is no redemption for this character. He is unrepentant and unable to grow. I also don't like this ending which is often a cheat in this type of movie. The darker way to end the movie would be to have him live with the consequences of his action. As a final note, the non-stop yelling cross-talk gets very annoying and tiresome. It's not surprising that I love his monologue more than anything. Adam Sandler finally gets to play a role different than the usual goody two shoes characters we've come to expect and some critics have already declared this is his "breakout" role. Sandler is Howard Ratner, basically a caricature of Jewish entrepreneur who runs a jewelry showroom in the Diamond District in New York City. The Safdie brothers (Joshua and Benjamin) are responsible for both the direction and the screenplay.<br/><br/>
Uncut Gems plays out much like an early Scorsese film; and guess what? Scorsese is one of the producers. It's marked by its frenetic style, with the characters' dialogue overlapping one another, and Sandler's manic performance. It's supposed to be "realistic" but has an improvised quality that distracts from the overall verisimilitude.<br/><br/>
Sandler as Ratner is cast as not only a businessman, but a compulsive gambler. I say he's a caricature because even some of the worst compulsive gamblers appear to express some fear of people to whom they owe money -in this case, Ratner does not. Even with a gun to his head or scenes in which the threat of imminent harm is clear, Ratner, in his hyper-narcissism, doesn't seem to care. He pushes back against everyone who seeks to do him in.<br/><br/>
The Safdies will probably argue, "that's the point." They've exaggerated their protagonist's character in order to highlight his cluelessness. In some respects, Ratner's outrageousness is supposed to be satirical-his behavior is so over the top that it represents what compulsive gambling is all about in high relief. It exposes Ratner's love of money as one might term an "emptiness to the core." Yes we get what the Safdies are trying to say here very early on-and then their Ratner character doubles, triples, quadruples down on it, ad infinitum.<br/><br/>
I suppose that one ends up asking is, how far will this ridiculous caricature of a character go? So if we strip away the padding (including all the unclear machinations of the loan sharks who are after Ratner from the start), we're left with a plot that is only mildly interesting.<br/><br/>
Indeed the plot concerns some black opal gems (encased in one rock) that Ratner illegally imports from Ethiopia and expects to make a killing of over a million dollars at auction. But before he puts it up for auction, he figures out how to make some additional cash from the stone. When famed NBA superstar Kevin Garnett (well played by himself) walks into Ratner's showroom, he's so enamored with the piece, that he offers to buy it on the spot. Ratner says he'll have to wait for the auction but Garnett wants to walk around with it (why I'm not sure), and then agrees to give Ratner one of his championship rings as collateral and return the next day.<br/><br/>
Ratner promptly pawns the ring and uses the cash to bet on the number of shots Garnett makes in a game that night. Although Ratner wins the bet and makes a great deal of money, we later find out that the bet was canceled by the loan sharks who feared Ratner would lose the bet (which he's done many times in the past) and not able to pony up the cash to cover his debts.<br/><br/>
There are some sub-plots here involving Ratner's wife Dinah (played by Broadway superstar Idina Menzell) as well as his mistress, Julia (Julia Fox), who works in the showroom. The female actors here have little to do until the end, when Julia is entrusted with making Ratner's last bet at the Mohegan Sun casino.<br/><br/>
The other twist is that much to Ratner's chagrin, the opal is undervalued by an appraiser at the auction house and he's forced to ask an associate to bid up the price against Garnett, who eventually declines to make the purchase, and leaves the associate holding the bag.<br/><br/>
Ratner is seemingly saved when another one of his large basketball bets comes through (placed by Julia at the casino), only to have one of the loan sharks end up murdering the debt-ridden jewelry owner, after he and his confederates are temporarily locked in by Ratner, inside the vestibule at the showroom.<br/><br/>
After all the aforementioned frenetic machinations, the Safdies leave us with a cautionary conclusion: compulsive gambling is not a good thing! Their final shot focuses on the blood pouring out of the now deceased Ratner's eye-and the camera then travels deep into the darkness of that eye-only to find those opals floating in the darkness. Indeed Ratner's fatal quest is clearly classified as useless and meaningless.<br/><br/>
If you can ignore the rather obvious premise and the fact that the Safdies have crafted a rather one-note character for Mr. Sandler, Uncut Gems still is occasionally entertaining, with enough twists and turns in the plot, to prevent the discerning viewer from dismissing this effort outright. Terrible 'film'. After the first hour I was disappointed yet I hoped the last stretch of the movie would be better. It was all so abrupt and unclear of what is happening. Terrible film. This has to be one of the worst and most disappointing films I have ever seen. 2 hours of yelling and screaming. What a mess. Sandler played one of THE most annoying characters in the history of cinema.<br/><br/>Too many non-actors just yelling. So disappointing. The directors went from their last great film to this insanely horrible piece of junk.<br/><br/>It was predictable, annoying, unsympathetic, confusing, frustrating. The biggest loser in film history, Sandler's character. And unlike Good Time, Fargo, Straight Time and other films where the lead is a total loser, here it just didn't work at all. Sandler was painfully annoying, unfunny and like listening to nails scratching a chalk board. If you have sensitive ears, the music score of this strange film will disturb you to the point of switching channels. I stuck with it but almost stopped watching several times due to the ridiculous, loud, ill-suited music. Whoever composed or designed the music cannot possibly be a professional. Amateur friend of the Director? If you close your eyes while watching you'd be forgiven for thinking you're watching some low budget version of 'Blade Runner', perhaps made on the Cayman Islands.<br/><br/>As for the plot and script? Frankly, stupid. Weirdly this film reminded of me of Marriage Story in that it uses realism and guttural emotion to immerse you in the ferocity of the film's tone. The difference here is that Uncut Gems stresses events more so than conversation. While Marriage Story alternates between different conversations and perspectives, Uncut Gems put's emphasis on multiple wheels cogging in the machine. Howard (played excellently by Adam Sandler) is the centrepiece in all of this, the guide if you will.<br/><br/>The film doesn't explain some of the contexts behind his dealings but as the film goes on we start to learn about why he put himself in this situation or more importantly how he *feels* about it. By using a variety of events, conversations and mini climaxes within even one scene, we see the mental toll it has on Howard. The struggle, the success, the failures it all happens sometimes in the span of multiple scenes. The film masterfully allows you to feel empathy for Howard even if you disagree with a lot the actions he commits. An example of this would be towards the end of the second act where Howard breaks down and shows a moment of vulnerability. Up to this point, we have had a constant assault of him shouting, arguing and compromising so when he starts to break down it's not only a release for Howard but for the audience too. All of a sudden I started feeling the emotions Howard was experiencing and had a moment of tears welling up. The film had invested and engrossed me so much that I ended up balling my eyes out without a moments notice.<br/><br/>That's how effective Uncut Gems is as an emotional experience, it completely invests you in Howard even if can't relate to him on any capacity. The amount of craft and precision to pull that off is remarkable. I would even go as far as to say that is more impressive than writing a character that is relatable to the audience. Despite a few bumps in the road along the way (mainly to do with the first act and a couple of scenes being less effective in its intention than others) Uncut Gems is a must-see film and is one of the defining films of the 2010s. I don't know yet if it's better than Good Time but for now, let's just call it equal. I just got out of the movie, thankfully it's over, absolutely not sense in making it soooo long. Terrible script, so many loose ends, it's ridiculous; I was already waiting for him to get shot in the first act, everythimg is so predictible. Awful acting, Adam Sandler is himself nonstop and talking for 2:30hrs!!! I cannot believe anything that he said (a little fault of the directing there.) The sound design gave me a headache. The rescuable was Idina Menzel, great performance. I've been a fan of Adam since the early days and still go out of my way to watch any film he's in even if its an absolute embarrassment. We all know his brand of humor and i personally resonate with it a lot. On the other side of the comedic angle of this man is an incredibly emotional dramatic angle that emerges once in awhile from him to blow us away with an honest character portrayal. This film utilizes his acting variety brilliantly and does still have his signature brand of comedy in a more refined nature. At times the story, direction, and overall dialogue style does get a little too contrived but thrives for the most part with some intensity and sly grittiness. Overall this was a surprisingly solid film with a magnificent performance by Sandler that will rnak among his best. Definatly one of netflixs better movies. Adam Sandler plays such a smuck in this movie. The acting was great. Perfect ending choice for his character. I'm gonna be honest, I'm not the biggest Adam Sandler fan. I purposely ignored this movie because I was expecting it to be another bad Sandler film. But upon taking a glance at some of the 2019 year end movie top 10's for some movies to watch, this movie kept showing up on the lists. So finally I caved and sat down to watch it.<br/><br/>And let me just say... DAMN! Wow! Just wow. That was INTENSE! I could actually feel the sweat form on my forehead towards the end of it because I was so nervous. This movie left me a mess. It was great! The directing, the plot, and the CHARACTERS were fantastic. The directing was done pretty well, but there were a few inebriating shots in the first half and throughout, but it's still directed well. The plot was very intriguing. At first I didn't think I'd care, but towards the end I was biting my nails because I was so into the film. I haven't felt so tense throughout an entire film in such a while, and I left feeling like a trainwreck. When a movie can do that, you've succeeded.<br/><br/>I need to give Sandler alot of the credit. I believe it's his best performance acting wise and one of the greatest of the year. Him playing this dark gritty and charismatic gambler was thrilling. I truly believe Sandler should take on more dramatic roles like this, because he was phenomenal. In fact, now thinking back on it, Sandler was so underlooked during the award season. He ABSOLUTELY should've been nomianted for an Oscar. In fact, this movie should've been nominated for Best Picture. This movie is so underrated and I REGRET not watching it earlier.<br/><br/>Look, I'll be willing to watch more of Adam's movies if he takes on more of these roles. This movie and his performance were fantastic!<br/><br/>I'd highly recommended this movie. It's a thrill ride. In fact, I'm surprised at the amount of low ratings in these reviews. It was great!<br/><br/>7.8/10
Might change it to an 8. I appreciate the effort, but much of the runtime was anxiety inducing. Adam Sandler's character, Howard is quite frantic and frustrating for the most part. Kudos for Adam Sandler though for stepping away from his normal 'comedic' roles. I liked the synth-ladened score which complimented the ensuing tension. In end, I felt as though the conclusion was a certainty rather than a plot twist. I don't know how this movie could be read at 8.1 it makes no sense. All they did was scream tthe whole first hour we had to leave. This is flat out a bad movie. For openers, it has possibly the worst score I have ever heard. The plot unfolds in a series of chaotic, cacophonous scenes, nothing but voice overs , and amplified to almost a painful level. If this were reality, I could accept it. But no one actually lives like this - it's a negative fantasy of a sort.<br/><br/>There are no jokes. There is no wit. There are no even remotely likeable characters (no small matter). And to add to all this . . . there is no point.<br/><br/>Worthless. This movie on of weirdest movies that I have ever watched .. Sometimes you feel it's great and hopefull then after 5 seconds you feel the movie fkd up and go to wrong way with loud shouting and screaming .. It deserves 6/10
By the way Adam sandler was great in drama he should leave comedy for a while and focus on drama now In my opinion this movie balances on a thin line between good and bad, between entertaining and annoying. I don't love it, but I don't hate it either - it just could be better.<br/><br/>My main issue is the ongoing chaos, up until the last 15 minutes. Making a movie filled with fighting, shouting and cursing is a tough job, and there has to be a purpose for all the chaos. In this one though, it quickly gets wearing.<br/><br/>I don't love Adam Sandler's creation, but I certainly appreciate it. All in all, not all of his characters are campy losers in cheap comedies, he can manage dramas and thrillers as well. Howard Ratner is a well made character, despite other issues we may be having with 'Uncut Gems'.<br/><br/>What saved the movie from falling into the "bad" category was the ending. I admit, I was on the edge of my seat rooting for Howard to succeed, even though he didn't gain my sympathy. The ending fits the whole story, and dare I say it, is the best the movie could have.<br/><br/>Will I watch 'Uncut Gems' again in the near future? Probably not. I'm afraid it wouldn't get better every time I see it, but after one time it's a decent crime/action movie. All in all, I recommend watching it, but don't get your hopes up too high. It was a surprise a story of an unlucky man. I knew Mr. Sandler a great actor, besides his funny side, but he sucessed beyond my expectations. Every actor did a great job. And why only 8? Because a story. It was so frustrating sometimes, was hard to watch this man struggle for life. Great movie!! So far best Adam sandler movie yet.
This movie manages to keep its audience on the edge of the seat during the whole time. And with its unexpected and abrupt ending this movie really has got everyone ending the movie with their mouth open. Great movie to watch with other adults. DO NOT WATCH IT WITH KIDS!! And expect to hear a lot of profanity even though the movie itself is not heavy on its viewers. Looking for a break from people arguing over each other and the general chaos of the holidays? This ain't it. It's enough to turn any sober person into an alcoholic or a Xanax pill popper.
Adam Sandler's performance and portrayal of a crazed gambling addict was spot on and might get him an Oscar nod but Jesus, I couldn't stand his character or find any redeeming qualities at all. The only good decision made in this movie was Indina Menzel's character laughing in Sandler's face when he asked for her to take him back.
I get that all the artsy fartsy people love to watch chaos and people's lives fall down before them but you could honestly save the twenty bucks and just watch CNN or Fox News.
Movies are supposed to entertain us and storytelling is supposed to teach us something, the only thing this move taught us is how to waste 135 minutes of our lives.
Do yourself a favor and skip it. I've switched very few films off in my life but I only lasted 40 mins into this.
There seems to be no real plot, other than Sandler's constant stupidity, and not a single likeable character on the screen.
Avoid. Sandler is believable in his role, I'll start with that. But! The movie made no sense. It's like watching a series in the middle of the season. There's no back story, the characters make no sense when they just keep popping up with no context. Hard to follow. The most irritating, loud, senseless, manic, idiotic movie I've ever seen. Just a ton of insane BS, no NO redeeming features whatsoever. Better off pulling one's teeth. This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. Time I will never get back.<br/><br/>Howard is the most annoying character I've witnessed in my whole life and it makes watching this movie unbearable. It is so out of scale it's an unbelievable role.<br/><br/>I don't think this made Sandler any favour.<br/><br/>I promise I tried but I can't understand the good reviews on this thing. I kept waiting for some redemptive qualities. This film had none and is a story better left untold. Truly awful. An original story and innovative camera work did not make up for the endless minutes of characters hating and screaming at each other. Literally no one to root for. Howard and his mistress are two stupid, illogical characters and we are given no insight or backstory into their selfish, misguided actions. I was angry the entire movie and watched some of the (few) people in the theatre walk out while I miserably hoped it would get better. It didn't. Dont buy into the hype of this movie. The trailer does not resemble the film WHATSOEVER. Forced to sit through two hours of yelling only for an anticlimactic plot twist at the very end which most people probably saw coming. I do not even know where to begin with this movie. Was there even a movie to review? There was no beginning, middle or end. I really am confused as to what the main character was even trying to do the whole time. For half the movie he is evading paying some goons and at the very end you realise he's trying to win a gamble or something. Absolute DISASTER of a movie and I would not recommend this to anyone except those that want to pay for a two hour HEADACHE. This movie is super trendy and you'll hear words like "unconventional" and "innovation" being used to describe it. Dont buy it. This movie sucks. period. This is, hands down, the absolute worst movie that I have ever seen. RT gonna give this a 94%? I now have no trust in your opinions. I am a big Adam Sandler fan, and cannot figure out why he would allow this movie to be shown. I am now wondering if he has a serious drug problem, especially if he had anything to do with the writing or directing of this garbage. I have lost a lot of respect for him as an actor. If you fancy watching a rock selling specialist New York ass hole, this films for you. It personally gave me indegestion..Not sure what the whole point was, maybe to kick the crap out of my telly? .. I'm guessing the writers have had bad experiences with Jem dealers.. Uncut Gems is a high anxiety producing movie. From the very beginning and throughout the entire movie it is constant chaos and screaming. We must have heard the F and MF words several hundred times. The plot is weak and we were looking for the movie to move forward out of chaos into some type of story but it never did. The jerky camera filming left both of us with bad headaches. I absolutely would not recommend this film for theater or home. It has no redeeming qualities and will not entertain or provide any interest for you. Simply awful. The acting is excellent but the story is Very disappointing. Was this some cruel joke of a 2-hour long SNL sketch? Sandler is capable of so much more, I have no clue why he took this role. The movie is pathetic. Sandler is yelling and screaming through more than 3/4 of his lines. It's non stop craziness and stupidity from start to finish. They should have taken the last scene, put it up front and called it quits and put us all out of our misery much earlier. Watch first 30 mins - music, filthy language, clothes, etc. will give you a headache guaranteed .... Best! Watching this movie was like going dumpster diving hoping to find some cold chicken nuggets but in the end all you find is trash and more trash. I wanted to walk out forty five minutes in but because of the reviews I stuck it out until the end. I was hoping the 3rd act would redeem the first two but it didn't. Is that a movie or extra money and time they want waste it or what ?!!
I can't believe this high rating for that really it's weird!
I wasted 2 hours from my life for this silly bad thing. If I was not watching this with someone else, I would of gotten up and left with in the first 10 minutes. The music was absolutely horrid, nothing flowed, no story just randomness yelling and constant agony - no let up of crappy feelings. There is nothing in this movie that is worth over 2 hours of your time. I guarantee that this movie goes down as Adam Sandler's WORST!<br/><br/>I just wanted to give you a real rating because all the people giving it 10 stars must be getting paid to say that. Do yourself a favor don't watch this movie even when it comes out on Netflix. I went as a group of 5 and we all thought it was awful. 3 of us are early 20's and 2 of us early 50's. The sound was of poor quality. Adam Sandler was speaking at the top of his voice register plus yelling most of the time giving me a headache and sick to my stomach. The story line was all over and poorly done as well. This could've been a 1 1/2 hour movie instead of a 2 1/2 hour movie. I've been a Adam Sandler fan forever but not anymore. I don't understand the meta score of 80. I was with 4 men and they hated it too. With over 100 reviews I don't believe I have ever given a film a 1 star before. Perhaps once before.<br/><br/>I actually don't mind Sandler. Some of his films are pretty funny, especially his early stuff. And if there is any highlight of this film is Sandler showing he has some diversity in his acting.<br/><br/>But that's it. Its a wall of noise. Its confusing, loud, without plot. The characters seem wholly unlikable. Its done in a semi-documentary style, which cheapens the film further. I believe the directors felt this style probably added a sense of realism to it, but the characters were not realistic anyway.<br/><br/>Its listed as comedy/crime/drama. It fails on the first and third of these. The second, I cannot comment on, as I couldnt stand to watch past the first thirty minutes. Awful writing, and even worse character development. Stupid story told in a dumb way. Don't waste your time, I'm sorry that I did. At about the 10 minute mark, with the opening credits still obscuring the action and the deafening musical score obliterating any chance of hearing the action I realised this was going to suck. Jumpy, disjointed, disconcerting and pretty dull, this is a movie not worth your time.<br/><br/>Interestingly at almost the exact moment the credit for "musical score by" came up, we were all looking at each other saying "is this annoying music ever going to stop?" ....and then they added a saxophone.<br/><br/>I'm always amazed at how so many poor choices get made in movies these days. It's such an expensive process. How could anyone think this intrusive and overbearing music did anything for the movie? It plays like an improvised error.<br/><br/>If that's your cup of tea then great. But if you value your time, skip this convulted and annoying turkey. As others have mentioned, I too found myself considering just walking out halfway through the movie. The movie has almost no redeeming qualities, and either tries too hard or not at all.<br/><br/>It's essentially a gritty scream-fest broken up by violence and an occasional confused attempt at adding a story/narrative, that might've been slightly believable, if not for abruptly stopping, going back to a scream fest, and then forgetting about even trying...<br/><br/>I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, not even if you appreciate Adam Sandler. I had high hopes for this movie. Seeing it rated 8 out of 10 stars. When I saw very limited showing a few weeks out from the opening I should have known. We were highly disappointed. The yelling talking over each other was way over done and annoying. I wanted to get up and leave. Probably the worst Adam Sandler movie I've ever seen. No idea what he was thinking by doing this. Honestly don't see how it's gotten such a high rating or any good reviews. Could only take 10 mins of this . Although I love Sandler his voice in this is so forced its torture. Its a shout fest from all the actors in an effort to be heard over the god awful soundtrack......... Not for me. I managed to watch Uncut Gems at New York Film Festival and I can say that it's one of, if not his best performance to date. For certain parts of the film, I forget that I was watching Adam Sandler cause you know, you are just used to see him in so many comedies but given the right material, he's actually full of potential in serious and dramatic roles like this. He completely disappears into the role. Adam Sandler is at his best when he's just acting in a movie and has no actual significant creative input over the movie's direction. Thank God to the directors, Safdi Brothers. After 5 minutes of ear-assaulting noise (music? and squawarking) I should have given up. But I didn't, I thought it would calm down and start to entertain.
I was so wrong.
Neary every sentence contained the F word and everything about every scene was excruciatingly unenjoyable.
Lasted about 30 minutes and then got on with my life. I suppose that every comedic actor yearns to be taken seriously as a dramatic talent. Jim Carry, Robin Williams, Billy Crystal and others have successfully made that transition. I thought Adam Sandler had also achieved that status with Spanglish... but since then it's one failed attempt after another. Uncut Gems continues that downward spiral. It's a movie about an unbelievable character surrounded by a A+ group of actors all given a script that belonged in a PlayStation Video. The music is so over the top in it's attempt to create suspense...the volume level of the music and dialog would work well as an open commercial for Dolby ATMOS, but as a drama, it just becomes way over done.
The plot is hard to believe given the Sandler's character's already established lifestyle...all in all I didn't buy any of it. The best thing I can say is that I saw the movie at a Laemmle theater during the week and only spend 6 dollars. . . Still wasn't worth it. If you've got to see it, bring ear plugs! Ever since Punch-Drunk Love, I've hoped that Adam Sandler would do another movie of substance where he doesn't just play a goofball. So, I looked forward to this with anticipation. However, I didn't expect to watch an amoral loser make a series of stupid decisions, each more ridiculous than the last, that would end in his death.<br/><br/>As he watches a basketball game where a ridiculous bet he has made could net him a million dollars and get him out of most of the trouble he's gotten himself into, I think we're supposed to be rooting for him. I couldn't.<br/><br/>This movie is so torturous that I checked my watch at one point, hoping my pain was almost over. We were only half way through. If I hadn't been there with a friend, I would have walked out.<br/><br/>This "protagonist's" actions are bad enough, but the first half of the film used the shaky-cam technique to the point of maximum distraction. Why? Maybe to reinforce the chaotic nature of this man's life? Didn't need it. His actions spoke loudly enough. He was a lout and deserved no less than his final fate. This is one of the most underwhelming movies I have seen in a long time. Movie was filled with constant screaming by characters at each other trying to showcase NYC way of things, but it was a horrible attempt. Storyline was weak to put it charitably, absolutely going nowhere. Direction was equally poor. Please avoid watching this movie as it is a complete waste of time. I like Sandler. He is good at goofing only.
This role is definitely not for him. His voice is breaking my ears as he can't talk without shouting all the time.
Terrible score as well. Scenes are jumping showing useless scenes.
Acting is overall bad.
Giving it a 2/10 is being generous.
In real life, someone like his character would not survive that long. I guess they need him to finish the movie! Honestly don't know how this is getting good reviews. Painful, not funny and just overall bad. Watch this if you want a film full of stereotypes and Adam Sandler shouting over an opal. Only slightly redeeming factor was the ending, however can't even enjoy that due to the pure shambles of a film. I was really excited to see this movie. Dragged my family out on Christmas night. Left disappointed and with a terrible headache. LOVED their last film, Good Time, and have been waiting to see this, but boy was I disappointed. I REALLY wanted to like this, but the music was so annoying and loud for one (I know others complained about the music in Good Time, but I didn't mind it that much).<br/><br/>Then it was like there was no script but just "curb your enthusiasm" styled situations for the actors to make it feel real, but the problem is even improv (which this felt like) can be bad as bad acting, essentially yelling at each other for 2 hours.<br/><br/>They tried to copy their success from Good Time, but it just didn't work this time. It always amazes me how a filmmaker(s) can make a great film and then make a bad one right after.<br/><br/>The structure of the script was also a mess. They just threw in a bunch of characters without much effort to establish a solid introduction with a background. Sandler just runs around ranting and raving and others are thrown in there for chaos.<br/><br/>You want me to believe that Sandler just lends a huge diamond rock to a basketball player for a day? Really?<br/><br/>And a lot of the violence felt fake. There was a little bit of that fakeness in Good Time in the prison fighting scene, but here it is so prominent with actors just screaming. It was just weird. Random scenes one after the other. I found Sandler annoying.<br/><br/>The relationship between the characters was never really explained. Pattinson's character in Good Time was a total f..k up but ti worked because of his motivations to help out his brother and get a better life. They showed zero motivations for Sandler's character that had any depth that would gain any sympathy. Even though Good Time has random characters it worked because the central story was Pattison trying to get money for his brother's bail bond. Here, there was no reason for much of anything.<br/><br/>It's like they slapped together a script in 2 hours. It was bizarre. Did I say Sandler was annoying?<br/><br/>All of a sudden the door doesn't open? What? It was just ridiculous.<br/><br/>HOLY CRAP this was annoyingly bad... Horrible movie (Preview/Rating was misleading), no acting just obnoxious yelling! I Need couple of aspirin after this. I wish I can unsee it!! Not worth your time. Total waste of your time,. Movie is a mess We might get an award for hanging in for 1 hour and change, but we couldn't take it anymore. It felt like torture, no payoff or plot or storyline in sight.... we left. Painful to sit through. You get a good acting job by Sandler, not a comedy. You get Kevin Garnett. You also get A movie where 92% of every line is yelling between characters. No foreseeable payoff to the plot. Not a comedy, not funny, just a movie about a guy that constantly gambles, ruined family, etc. We are all angry we can't get back the 25+ min of previews and the hour and change we sat through. My blood pressure is still high, 30 min after leaving.<br/><br/>We don't care anymore what the payoff "surprise ending" is.... This is by far the worst movie I've seen all year and I feel like 134 minutes of my life have been stolen from me.
It's basically over 2 hours of Adam Sandler's bad acting and screaming, that's all there is to it. The character is the most annoying person! Wtf with all the screaming!? And his relationship with his employee is just pathetic. There is no real story. Don't even bother with this! This movie ranks in my top 5 worst movies of all time.
Lots of yelling, jerky camera motion that made me nauseous, the "f" word made up most of the dialog. The story was awful as well. Eight of us went to see this and we all hated it. If I was watching it at home I would have turned it off after 15 minutes. The first 15 mins are just pure mess with characters yelling over each other and horrible music in background. The whole story doesnt even make sense at all. At the end you are happy that is finally over. I was intrigued to see Adam Sandler take on a serious role, what an anti-climax that was. I would say he should stick to comedies but he hasn't done a decent one in at least 10 years.<br/><br/>The directors relied on music to create atmosphere because they couldn't create any otherwise.<br/><br/>Zero character development to create any kind of tension. I couldn't figure out Sandler's character, if it was a terrible portrayal of charismatic or he was genuinely meant to be stupid. You couldn't like or dislike him. He has the intelligence to trace a priceless gem but displays zero intelligence to sorting out his problems, even how he talks with people, it's like putting Billy Maddison in the middle of Goodfellas. Just bizarre.<br/><br/>Though I thought the 80s esque score was actually good, it was wasted in the hands of this movie's creators. Used beyond excess to compensate for the lack of substance.<br/><br/>They tried to create a complex plot out of the simplest idea. It becomes this mess trying to chase the suspense it never finds. This was so disappointing. Ratings were high so went. Nothing redeeming here. Bad story so-so acting. Adam Sandler should stick to comedy. I cannot understand the hype about this movie. Sure Adam Sandler is playing a different kind of role and the movie is not a comedy. Besides that its a kinda boring story for more than two hours which isn't easy to watch ..
I was mostly bored and won't watch it again.. To me, this was an almost stressful experience. Two hours of shouting and anger, in a story with little new to add. Sandler is basically an aggressive, desperate and sad version of the same character, he's always been.
What is new, except the outfits? I am an avid movie-goer that tries to find a positive aspect in all films. I could not achieve this goal with this movie. Dont waste your time. This film is basically just people yelling over each other the entire time. I thought about leaving midway through, multiple times, but with all the positive reviews I figured there would be something worth staying for. Wrong. Trash movie all around. ONE WORD...... HORRIBLE!!!!!
We all know Adam Sandler isn't the best of actors. But his goofy comedic charm was still fun to watch.
This movie on the other hand was unwatchable. Watching him act in this movie.... just hurt. The actual story line wasn't bad, however they managed to chop that up as well. Terrible movie that continues to prove my theory that Adam Sandler is forever stuck in the nineties. I haven't seen terrible film-making like this since that decade. The whole movie feels like something that is stream of consciousness, going from one scene to the next, always with some annoying song playing. It feels like some old school of thought of film-making that a song always needs to be playing during a scene, no matter what. It's grating and annoying.<br/><br/>Sandler's character is absolutely unsympathetic. He has a wildly successful high-end jewelry business but can't stop sports gambling. I admit, I like to gamble myself, but I see nothing appealing about sports betting. The only way to win is if you have inside information. Otherwise, it's beyond stupid. The house really always wins.<br/><br/>I just didn't care for the film. All the praise is very suspect, especially about Kevin Garnett's performance. All Garnett does is play himself and yell in the jewelry store. That's it. He really should stick to sports, acting ain't for him.<br/><br/>This is probably one of the worst movies I've seen all year. Nice try Adam. Nothing too say positive about this movie... Terrible story, acting and long boring, screaming and nonsense speed dialogues... Spare too see it Don't go to this movie not knowing what it is about because you won't be able to figure it out watching the beginning. This is the first movie I've ever walked out on and 1) I see a LOT of movies and 2) I'm 66. The character Adam S. plays is not charismatic; he is pathetic. We stayed 30 minutes so I can't review the rest of the movie. But I hope I helped others not lose this time in their lives. What a disappointment after reading the reviews. The film is loud full of foul language and devoid of any real plot. It rambles on with no twists or anything to keep you guessing. A big nothing burger, don't waste your money. Too stressful to watch. It was living a nightmare. Too much cussing in the dialogue which achieved no purpose whatsoever. We left the theater not interested in how it would end. Total and utter crap dont waste your time, the first 20 minutes is just people talking over each other to the point that you dont know what is going on and youre getting a headache. Really disappointed had to knock it off I found this film celebrated all that is ugly and brutal and cold. While being well made I found it all on one level. No light and dark just a long tunnel or ugliness about people being nasty loud and by half way through I turned off. I've only ever done that once before with a film, I have too much respect for film makers but sorry guys uncut gems just made me feel sick and had no redeeming feature Amateur student short films have better storylines or plots than this movie. I don't know where to begin but it's the worst movie I've ever seen in decades. This is one of the most appallingly bad movies that I have ever seen. It is a complete disaster. AVOID THIS FILM.<br/><br/>The movie concerns a New York City jeweler named Howard Ratner (played by Adam Sandler) whose life is falling apart. Ratner is self-destructive. He lies. He gambles. He cheats on his wife and his marriage is falling apart. He exploits people. Other people exploit him. Many of the other characters with whom he interacts are amoral low life types (e.g., loan sharks, muscle men, and a bookie). His behavior is horrific.<br/><br/>The plot is an unconvincing series of difficulties one stupidly following another. In fact, instead of a real plot, it is as if we get the same scene over and over as Ratner (Sandler) repeatedly behaves in stupid self-destructive ways. The acting is problematic, with scene after scene of actors simply shouting and loudly cursing at one another at the same time.<br/><br/>Nothing that I saw in the first hour of the movie me gave me any desire to see more. None of the characters were minimally interesting or emotionally involving (least of all Ratner (Sandler)). Do such people exist and do some people behave in this way? Yes, of course they do. I am not an innocent. However I do not enjoy seeing such unfortunates pointlessly portrayed on the screen.<br/><br/>And so - and this is the first time in thirty years that I have done this - I got up, left, and asked that my ticket be refunded, It was. The movie was okay to bad. The story that it wanted to present had something, but the way the film actually presented it made it seem less than okay. The characters were boring. It wasn't easy to get attached to them or like them for that matter. The performances, at least, were good. I didn't hate this movie but I certainly didn't like it either. I don't know if it was the story that didn't captivate me, but I can say that I looked away several times unlike when I saw Good Time that stuck me to the screen all the time. What stands out most here is Adam Sandler's interpretation that although in my opinion he does not deserve the Oscar nomination due also to this year's great competition and also considering that Robert Pattinson was still better in 2017, Sandler gave his best performance of all I saw. 6/10 Really struggled to get into this one. Seems very overrated. I was so looking forward to this movie after seeing lots of praise for Adam Sandler's performance. But oh, so much yelling, 5 people speaking ( loudly) at once backed up by a very loud score. We gave it a solid 45 minutes before walking out. The plot didn't develop beyond Howard (Sandler) being a cheating, gambling dirtbag. I didn't really care what happened to him.
I wish I'd read the reviews here before wasting my money. This movie is a social experiment that tests the human threshold of suffering. I came out of theatre with heavy headache. I appreciate the work of it. I appreciate the different style of it. But it was really hard to watch.<br/><br/>There was way too many tight close up shots that made me feel like claustrophobic. Yeah I get it, that's the directors intention. But it was just too much. I just wanted to walk out of the theatre. Lousy arguments were all over the place with very unnecessary, irrelevant scenes that makes me think like why would they even put this in the movie. If you want to put little clues in it, use it wisely! Do not let go wasted. Also, the tempo of the movie was so lost, they didn't know when to stop or keep it going. The plot was no more than stereotypical Hollywood film. Very predictable, no incredible cinematography either. I do not have enough patient for this movie to watch it at home if I didn't see them in the theatre. Very disappointing overall even tho Sandlers acting was amazing. Everyone talks at the same time. Very low budget looking and sounding. No plot, no backstory, no value. Watched the whole movie waiting for something important to happen and was left severely disappointed at the end. Bottom line, this is so bad that you can't even laugh at it; cringe-worthy. This might be Adam Sandler's best movie yet. It's a character study of a person who has lost everything in his life. The casting is perfect, Adam Sandler is so likable that you will find yourself rooting for him knowing that he is a gone case. The narrative is so perfect that i find myself ignoring his arrogance, foolishness and insecurity, i just wanted him to win... and that's something.. This movie was a train wreck at it's worst. So much chaos & the yelling. I know it was supposed to be New Yorkers, but seriously. This is Sandler's worst performance & the story was garbage. Save your money. This movie was so disappointingly terrible, Adam Sandler did a great job acting but the producing and editing of the film was absolutely terrible, the way they jumped from one scene to the next and how chaotic the whole movie was you didn't know where some parts were coming from their was no suspense build up it was just all chaotic i was about to turn off the movie after the first 5 minutes because of how loud the background music was it was a terrible terrible movie. Its one of those few strange movies where you can not deside if you really like it or hate it. But it is very special for sure, better watch when focused and not when in need for absentmindedness. Would have rather watched it sober than stoned. Praises to my local Alamo franchise. The woman at the counter who provided us a rain check shared,"Yeah, I walked out halfway through, too."
"Well, you made it a lot longer than we did, then," I said.
"Come to think of it," I added, "I'm pretty sure the last movie I walked out of was Punch Drunk Love."
"I detect a theme," she smiled, as we exited and I took my beautiful wife home to nurse her headache and maybe stream something on our Roku. Wife and I were tempted to walk out after first 20 minutes, but saw it through due to the positive critical reviews. Should have stuck with our initial instincts. The characters were totally unlikable, especially Adam Sandler's character, and his verbal barrage has us walking out of the theater feeling miserable. I'll admit the acting was good, but that worked against the film since the story was depressing and the characters were people I would tend to avoid in real life. I don't think there is a scene in this film that isn't layers of noise. It's unbearable to watch. I've only seen a few of the Safdie brothers' films, and every time all I can think is that they're just updating Laws of Gravity. Enough. Find something more redeeming to write about. I feel like watching this was a waste of my time. I don't understand the point of this movie, or even where they were trying to take it. The thing I liked most that really stood out for me is literally the visuals of the gem(s) and I'm starting to think that perhaps that means something. I'm confused. Oh and Julia Fox. Other than that, what the heck? Walked out. Embarrased. I've seen the new Star Wars, Bombshell and now this. 3 strikes and I'm done with movies for awhile Don't believe the skewed ratings that are paid for by the producers. I read some of these reviews and decided to go check it out. The movie is 2 painful hours of chaotic yelling scenes, hardly any of the dialect is spoken in normal voices... perhaps that's the NY thing, but it was terrible to watch. I couldn't wait for it to be over and my first words when it was were..."That was awful". Don't waste your life on this. Do you ever wonder who is writing the rave reviews?
People that work for the production companies, I am guessing.
I had an early preview and saw it all in 5 minutes fast forwarded. Thats how much I enjoyed it. Wasted 2+ hours waiting for it to make sense. Was way too long. I was excited to see this movie and I'm very easy to please when it comes to movies, but this was just all over the place. It was chaotic and a big let down. You were anxious the whole time with a terrible ending. Came out of the movie feeling nauseous and grimey with a headache. I give it one star because I thought Adam Sandler did a good job with his character. Other than that don't waste your time and money. Written by <a href="/name/nm2563482/">Ronald Bronstein</a>, <a href="/name/nm1343394/">Josh Safdie</a>, and <a href="/name/nm1509478/">Benny Safdie</a>, and directed by the Safdies, Uncut Gems is essentially two hours and fifteen minutes of watching a guy screw up in increasingly spectacular and catastrophic ways. It's a film where you know from the first ten minutes that sooner or later, he won't be able to worm his way out of one of his mistakes, and at that point, his seemingly unshakable optimism and belief in his own delusions will prove ill-equipped to deal with the reckoning. So from the first act, you're on edge, and you remain there for the duration. It's a film that never stops moving at the chaotic breakneck speed with which it begins, a film possessed of energy nearly queasy in nature. It has also been made with such craft, the mise en scne is so good, the dialogue so sharp, and the acting so intense, that you may as well be watching a fly-on-the-wall documentary. It's a film made of pure sweat and anxiety, and I'd highly recommend it.<br/><br/>New York, 2012. Howard Ratner (<a href="/name/nm0001191/">Adam Sandler</a>) is a charismatic jeweller who lives his life on the principle of robbing Peter to pay Paul. A serious gambling addict, he always has at least one hustle going, and he always owes somebody something. Soon after we meet him, it's revealed that he's currently in debt to his loan-shark brother-in-law Arno (<a href="/name/nm0091899/">Eric Bogosian</a>) to the tune of $100,000. Meanwhile, his jewellery business is doing well, not the least reason for which is his colleague Demany (<a href="/name/nm3147751/">LaKeith Stanfield</a>), who helps bring in high-profile clients. The latest example of such is Boston Celtics' basketballer <a href="/name/nm0307812/">Kevin Garnett</a> (a surprisingly strong performance by Garnett himself). As Garnett is browsing the store, it's revealed that Howard has smuggled an ultra-rare black opal of extraordinary translucence into the country for an auction the following day, where he expects it will sell for up to $1 million. However, when Garnett sees the stone, he insists he is allowed to have it as a lucky charm, just for the match he's playing that night. Howard is reluctant but agrees to part with it when Garnett offers to leave his All-Star ring as collateral (which Howard immediately pawns for money to place a bet on Garnett's game). And, predictably, things quickly go awry.<br/><br/>Howard is a delusional and doomed figure who's very much the product of late capitalism; a man who genuinely believes, despite past experience to the contrary, that his big score is right around the next corner. In this respect, the film is a deconstruction of the concomitant globalised alienation; a system capable of drawing into a single self-delusional orbit such varied parties as exploited Ethiopian manual labourers, small business owners in New York, under-pressure athletes, loan-sharks, and bookies - all operating with the unshakable belief that a huge win is just within their grasp. Howard, of course, is the worst example, and is essentially a fantasist who's utterly divorced from reality, a man who believes completely that if people would get out of his way and let him turn that fabled corner, all of his worries will disappear. It's the gambling addict's fallacy - no matter how much or how often you lose, the next bet will be the big winner. The problem Howard faces is that he has made promises based on that fallacy - he owes money which he can only pay if his latest scheme works out exactly as intended; such is the precarious house of cards that is his life.<br/><br/>In this sense, the film is an especially astute study of addiction, although this theme is never foregrounded - no one accuses Howard of being a gambling addict, and he certainly doesn't seem to think of himself as one. This is not a cautionary tale. However, if you're paying even the slightest bit of attention, you can't help but see just how hopelessly consumed Howard is by his addiction (never once does he give the impression that he wants to stop gambling). It has wormed its way into every facet of his life, to the point where it has become his life, or certainly a hugely important part of that life. This is why delusion is such a major component in his psychological make-up - addiction and delusion form an ever-tightening feedback loop that becomes more difficult from which to escape, the more self-sustaining they become.<br/><br/>In terms of aesthetics, it's worth noting that two of the three writers (Bronstein and Benny Safdie) are also credited as the editors, and this is crucial insofar as the frenetic pace of the narrative isn't achieved only by the cutting, but by the script as well - this is a film written by people with at least one eye on the editing rhythms. The first scenes in New York, for example, immediately establish the chaotic energy - Howard speaking rapidly into his mobile, dialogue overlapping almost unintelligibly as multiple characters interact and talk over one another, at least three things always happening, each one of which would occupy our complete attention in a more conventional film. Here, it's almost like everything is a background to everything else, with nothing ever given a sustained sole focus. The opening scenes establish the pace as blistering, and that never really changes. It's the kind of film where there's perpetual propulsive momentum - because the characters never stop moving, neither does the story, even if the characters never actually manage to get anywhere. The score, by <a href="/name/nm1644827/">Daniel Lopatin</a>, is also excellent. Obviously inspired by <a href="/name/nm1725839/">Tangerine Dream</a>'s electronic scores for <a href="/name/nm0000520/">Michael Mann</a>'s early films, most notably <a href="/title/tt0083190/">Thief (1981)</a>, it's a crucial element of the film, adding to the overlapping cacophony of sounds and enhancing the general sense of twitchy chaos.<br/><br/>As for the acting, everything you've heard about Sandler is true; he's incredible. Sure, he's playing the same kind of volatile delusional loser that he's played in a million-and-one subpar comedies. But it's the tone of the performance, the key in which he plays Howard that makes it stand out. You could make the argument that Howard is simply Sandler dialled up to 11, and you wouldn't be wrong, but the inherent tragedy of the man, his self-delusion, his seemingly unquenchable optimism and belief in himself - Sandler draws these elements out every second he's on-screen, finding pathos in virtually everything he does. Elsewhere, Bogosian is his usual stoically intimidating self; as Howard's wife Dinah, who has grown to loathe her husband, <a href="/name/nm0579953/">Idina Menzel</a> manages some of the most withering looks ever captured on film; and as Howard's naive but sweet mistress Julia, debutant <a href="/name/nm9681752/">Julia Fox</a> imbues what could have been a clichd bimbo-type role with real emotional nuance.<br/><br/>As for problems, the pace of the film will certainly put some people off. There are no down-moments here, no scenes designed to let the audience breath. This is as anxiety-inducing a film as you're likely to see, and that simply won't be to everyone's taste. Partly because of this, the tone never really varies. There are some comic beats (Howard getting dumped naked into a car trunk during his daughter's school play is particularly funny), but by and large, the tone is perpetually dark, ominous, and exhausting. Which, again, won't be for everyone. And there will, of course, be people who just can't get past the presence of Adam Sandler, which I can understand. Personally though, I loved Uncut Gems. It's certainly not the subtlest of films, nor the most thematically complex, but as character studies go, this is exceptionally good work from everyone involved and a genuinely unique piece of cinema. <a href="/title/tt5727208/">Uncut Gems (2019)</a> presents fantastic storytelling with outstanding screenplay and a superb cast. This movie incites an abnormal level of anxiety - sounds, camera and visual effects haunt your mind, even after leaving the theater.<br/><br/>This is the story of a man who lives "on the come." The main character <a href="/name/nm0001191/">Adam Sandler</a> is excited to make money from his desires and passions. His needs and goals are a priority at the expense of his family and friends. He believes in his dream and does not give up under any circumstances.<br/><br/>The persistence of the moving camera and a loud and noisy soundtrack create an atmosphere of anxiety. Who the real satellite of Howard's universe is isn't clear - lover (<a href="/name/nm9681752/">Julia Fox</a>), wife (<a href="/name/nm0579953/">Idina Menzel</a>), or uncut gems. All his satellites shine in some kind of sexual, intellectual or literary meaning. But even the strong light of his satellites cannot not help to secure his equilibrium, his sense of gravity - and not spin off his axis.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, this movie is a great art representation of the risks in human life. If somebody finds his / her egregore ("thoughtform") an relies on this, it is not necessary to eliminate he risk of future outcomes of their business, sport and whatever else activities. The risk is in the blood of people of who play for high stakes. This movie perfectly underlines and dramatizes the real facts related to accepting the risks. And loss is the reverse side of any risk behavior. The final scenes of the movie raise the debate of the role of risks in human life. And that certain fetishes and or gems help people to chill anxiety in human risky behavior. Uncut Gems is relentlessly hectic. The entire film is a sketchy gem dealer and gambler's life lurching forward as its frayed ends implode on each other. Along the way there's a lot of shouting and noise, with the sound design intentionally winding up the feeling of anxiety you get as you watch it.<br/><br/>What I thought was the most intriguing thing about the movie is that it appears to be a comedy underneath the veneer of a thriller movie. There is absurdity embedded into every aspect of the movie.<br/><br/>But at the end of the day, it's not very funny or suspenseful, or interesting. It's just unpleasant. The dialog and acting are too lumbering for me to think that anything achieved here is by design. Anything clever about the movie seems like an accidental byproduct of a joke stretched way too thin. I would certainly never watch this again. There's a lot of highs and lows. You want to root for Sandler's character during some times and other times you want to spit in his face. There's a lot of passion in his performance. But when you get to the end of the film, the story really stabs you in the heart and lets you know you invested 2+ hours for nothing. There's no clear good guy or bad buy. There's no winning or losing. It comes down to a heist film, you just don't know who is stealing from whom. At the end of the day, I can't recommend this film. I can only tell my worst enemies that this is a good film. I'd love to see their face when they get to the end and feel as bad as I did. This film was one big April Fool's joke. If you like getting punched in the balls, knock yourself out, this is the film for you. I didn't like this movie, it's very boring.
Adam Sandler should stay in comedy. The whole movie is full of silly drama and loud dialogue.
Each line contains at least one "F" word. I wonder if this movie can't have good dialogue except for "F". If you enjoy these vulgar words, you will like it. I want the 2 hours of my life back....
I really wanted to like this movie, I var so stressed and tired after watching this.
Worst movie in a long time. Oh my god, what a terrible film. Just a noise from the time it started until I could not stand it anymore and turned it off That's how bad it was. I rarely stop watching in the middle of a movie, but both for me and my boyfriend it was unbearable. There's no interesting storyline, the script makes no sense, it's just stressfull with people yelling and awful background music all the time. Don't waste your time. I only saw one hour and I really don't care how it ends. I struggled to finish it. I was actually quite excited for it as I never seen Adam Sandler in non-comedy movie and I'll be very honest - I don't rate him highly at all, but unfortunately his performance was just poor. Some critics say it was the best performance of his career - it could be but that doesn't mean it was good. It felt forced, unnatural. The movie was very chaotic and hard to follow at times with some very poor dialogues. Wasted two hours of my life. I can see where they where going with this and they absolutely nailed it. The movie is frantic, chaotic and a total trip but it's also unwatchable because of it. Every shot is handheld making you dizzy as the camera quickly pans between the different people talking. The industry standard of ~25 FPS makes every pan hurt your eyes. With the amount of clutter on screen your eyes have no where to focus during the very brief moments where the camera points at someone. In addition to the visual clutter and chaos comes the audio. Pretty much everyone is screaming during the entire movie and they have to because there are at least two other conversations happening in the background. Everyone is talking over another while the spacey trippy soundtrack is constantly playing in the background giving you a hard time to even understand what is being said. It's utter chaos. After about 15 minutes my eyes hurt and I had a massive headache.<br/><br/>The story isn't anything special. The protagonist is written in a way that makes it very difficult to identify with him. Which would be fine if the story was interesting enough but it isn't. They tried to garner some sort of empathy for the protagonist but at least for me they couldn't achieve that. The ending twist isn't really one as the story only had two likely endings.<br/><br/>All in all the audio and visuals make the movie unwatchable and if you where to read the story or tell it in a more calm and organised fashion it would be slow and predictable.<br/><br/>If they wanted to make a movie that is pure and utter chaos they achieved their goal 10/10.
But if they wanted to make a movie you can watch they failed miserably 1/10. Sandler is decent in this, but right from the beginning, you go from a crazy universe of lights seen within a gem to a guy's colonoscopy. A live colonoscopy. For a few minutes. I was genuinely uncomfortable. I don't get it? What a strange directing choice.<br/><br/>Then you see the main character do a whole lot of shady stuff, over and over and over. He's just a complete dick to everyone, no redeeming qualities, so you don't really care what happens to him. Then it sort of just ends.<br/><br/>This is just the story of an a-hole jewelry shop owner who is an a-hole from beginning to end. I don't know why this has an 8 rating??? Up and down, madness. Please Howard, stop.
Adam Sandler outstanding performance. Thought i was gonna have a heart attack, watching it. I really don't understand what's up with all the good reviews about this movie. I found it extremely annoying, and if being annoying was the point of the movie, well, why would anyone want to be annoyed like this while watching a movie? The charachters scream ALL the time, the dialogues are a continuous stream of cursing and yelling while saying absolutely nothing important to the plot and, in the end, you don't understand what the movie is about at all. If it was meant to teach you how money affects people, well, there's plenty of movies who did it waaay better and without being a 2 hour torture.
Also, what was up with the music? It was damn loud and irritating and you couldn't listen to the dialogues - even if the charachters were screaming saying nothing important at all.
If this is the future of the cinema, I'm done with the cinema There is no cohesion in the story. I felt like I was just watching a junkie go from one fix to another ending with an obvious twist. The unredeemable character gets what is coming to him for being a scumbag. In fact, every character in this movie is a scumbag. There is not one good person in this movie. It is just an unfunny and chaotic experience and you can see what happens to him a mile away.<br/><br/>They tried to be a funny, NYC, diamond dealers gangsta comedy but what it was, was a hot mess of a movie that had not cohesive plot just a day in the life of a scumbag who got what was coming to him. I liked the Safdies first movie (GOod Times) and the use of music , pacing and relatively simple plot all came together nicely in it. This however, was a bumbling wreck on all counts that had so much potential , but poor execution, misuse of musical cues, and a downright annoying Adam Sandler had me checking my phone constantly as it clumsily trudged along. Editing, music and a better lead over Sandler would have made a world of difference. Only redeeming factor was drawing out the final scene which we saw coming for a while. For those of us who aren't absolute degenerates, this doesn't convey anxiety, but rather the need for an advil after how hard it tries to annoy you. By far the worst Adam Sandler's movie ever. Terrible plot and character and ending totally sucked. My husband (who gives this movie a 3 out of ten) and I saw this movie with our daughter, son-in-law and their friends. I was entranced by the beginning and end where we "flew" through the opal. That's what earned the 1. It would've earned a 10 if the rest of the film wasn't such a waste of our time.<br/><br/>I mentioned my daughter, her husband and friends because it wasn't very long into the film before I decided this movie must be aimed at their age group, not ours. The dialog was too fast, usually with people speaking over each other. The story seemed nearly pointless, with Howard (Adam Sandler) making more and more stupid decisions. There were few if any redeeming characteristics in Howard or most of the other characters in the film. Interestingly enough, our daughter, son-in-law and friends all wished there was a way to give a film NEGATIVE numbers in a review!<br/><br/>Adam Sandler gave a wonderful performance as this loser who spirals into more and more trouble. The rest of the cast is good. Idina Menzel's jewelry was gorgeous! But the film itself . . . yuck. And they left a lot of the threads of the movie unresolved.<br/><br/>We normally don't pay a lot of attention to critics reviews, just to the audience's reviews, but this time, for Uncut Gems, the audience tested must have all been from New York since they liked it. We should've asked for our money back. I admire what the Safdie bros have created. It is original and they stick fearlessly to their idea. Here comes the compliment ... the film reminds me of the Coen brothers or Tarantino ... but without the finesse. If you like raw, then Uncut Gems is for you. Who am I to comment? I couldn't create what they have and I am just viewing it; then I have the audacity to comment upon it. But that's the deal ... there is a custom by which people such as myself are self appointed critics and then I indulge myself by writing about such a movie. I have read a number of bona fide critic's reviews and I am amazed at how taken they are with it. Did I enjoy it? Well it filled 2 hours 15 minutes when I couldn't find anything else to watch. Is it a film that could appeal to my mentality? In theory it should. Did I find it believable? ... no. But then, that doesn't matter. Was I shocked by it? Well in a world of cartoons, I would say this is a shocking cartoonesque style of effort. Do I think that there is some latent genius lurking behind what is presented here? Sure do. Here is another compliment ... I can't slot this movie conveniently into a zone that I recognize ... but then a lot of movies are like that and originality in art is a high achievement. What can I say in closing? This movie is on the border of greatness but if I am honest about it, it will sit on the border in my mind and I will be left wondering if the Safdie brothers will create something in the future that transcends this effort? Let's hope so.<br/><br/>p.s. am I imagining things or did I see Martin Scorcese's name in the credits? From memory, doesn't he make really great movies that make sense, leave a lasting impression and always leave you wanting for more? I can't believe real people are giving these reviews... I mean that it is literally not believable that humans are leaving reviews and not bots.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler seems to think yelling is substitute for good acting. The film is really unpleasant. We follow a looser without any charisma, which links stupidity to stupidity ... Really not interesting. Especially with the end which is more than disappointing. You have to be kidding me, 8 stars! I put this movie near the top of my worst movies of all time list, second only to Magic Mike XXL (maybe). There was no plot, there were no characters you felt sorry for, just a lot yelling and screaming. I would have walked out after the first 30 minutes, but the cleaning lady was at the house, and I had no wear else to go. Plus the seats were comfortable (recliners), so I stayed to end. It did not get any better! Looks like most people either love or hate this movie. I thought it was great. Terrific pace. No plot problems. Characters well-developed. People say it's loud and yelling; maybe so. (Hard for me to say coz I watched this while on my loud elliptical machine.) Sandler is great. Idina is great. Fast-paced movie. Insight (sort of) into gambling and/or desperate businesses; robbing Peter to pay Paul. But basically well-done. Good serious role by Sandler. Garnett is good enough. High intensity and lots of drama. Yet when it was all said and done, I was left wondering why was this movie created? Did someone really think up this storyline - A movie about a guy who has a successful jewelry business, cheats on his wife, takes advantage of everybody whenever he can, and swears so much he makes a trucker blush.
What did I learn from it? Don't be a schmuck, don't use the F bomb, love your wife, and stay legitimate.
IMHO terrible morality lessons, tons of swearing (F bomb dropped at least 2 to 3 times a minute), and a complete waste of my money and my time. The film starts in Ethiopia at some mine then jumps to New York? Lots of Frantic scenes with inaudible shouting from the actors The only connection that can be established is a rock with some gems in it worth millions supposedly from the mine in the opening scene makes its way to a jeweller who lends it to a basketball player?<br/><br/>In a nutshell this movie offers No story no development of characters loud annoying music teamed up with actors who prefer to shout every line Pathetic! I feel compelled to write this review in a hope that I might save someone from the agony of watching this pathetic, story less piece of garbage. It literally caused me headache after 30 minutes of watching because of constant abusing and repetition of same dialog again and again. Its absolutely garbage, please don't watch. The 7.7 rating is the only reason I carried on watching. I was waiting for something amazing to happen to make up for how awful it was.....nothing amazing happened. It was honestly the worst thing I have ever seen. Please don't waste your time Bad acting, bad script. Had to turn it off halfway because the characters and story were not believable and it was so boring I couldn't take it anymore. An absolutely relentless onslaught to the senses. These guys have followed up 'Hard Times' with an absolute train wreck of a movie, in a good way. I don't think I liked anyone in this movie. The people are total self serving terrible dudes / gals. A sign of our times I guess... I'll live in a metropolitan city and these people are everywhere. That said it's a thrill to watch, hideous, horrible, wrenching stuff. I'm glad I don't live for money or fame! I'm an Adam Sandler fan. I've enjoyed his comedy movies and his more serious movies. This movie, however, I found to be a complete dud. Sandler did a good acting job, but I just had a hard time watching it. If I hadn't bought a ticket... if I had it streaming into my home, I'd have quite watching it half way through. I easily predicted the dramatic ending. I don't understand how this movie is being rated and reviewed so highly. It was a train wreck from beginning to end. People were leaving the theater. The only reason I didn't rate this disaster a 1 was for the semi-satisfying ending. This movie starts out like being thrown from a moving car. No character development just faces thrown at you. Music is terrible 70's sci-fi synthesizer with no real music value just trying to build more drama.
Any movie that throws a compound break spurting blood in the first 60 seconds just screams lack of thoughtful plot development. And from this you know how the movie will end. Completely predictable tragedies with several missed opportunities to actually thrill the audience.
Kevin Garnet's acting was as painful as Napoleon Dynamite. I kept waiting for Adam to scream "Abie Doobie". He has other movies like Spanglish where he is developed and other characters compliment his development. This was not that kind of movie. Random violence. Unbelievable situations and lack of normal reaction from characters was just annoying.<br/><br/>Every plot twist was so predictable it became and layers deep you knew what was coming next. Again as a comedy this might have worked.<br/><br/>The end of the movie was like "screw it" let's end the movie in 5 minutes cause 120 is just too long.
Stolen themes:
Live Die in LA
Oceans 12<br/><br/>Everyone in the theater was in the same disbelieve this made it through the editor. So much yelling. So loud. Such a stressful movie. Bad teeth, bad plot, bad story. I don't get any of the 10 star ratings. Maybe we saw a different movie. Ugh I'm writing this review during this movie. That's how bad I think it is. Watching this is like watching a car accident happen... Slowly. I watched four different groups leave the movie and we were about forty minutes in. One person said, "this was the worst movie I've ever seen." Among other things. I actually came into this film with hopes of it being good. I shall never hope again. I've never walked out on a movie, but this one I kept checking my watch, hoping it would end soon. It's the same scene that keeps getting repeated over and over and over again in the movie. There's no character development, no plot, and no point. I don't know what Adam Sandler was thinking when he did this film, and I don't know how anyone could give this above a 2 star.<br/><br/>The last five minutes are the most entertaining, but still it's predictable. Hands down one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life But you can certainly say "I hated it." From the sound track to the dialog to the repugnant characters, I just plain could not get into this film. Ugh. After relying on the imdb rating of 8.1 we saw the movie. Very disappointing. Poor acting and even poorer story line. The plot of the movie was how much yelling and how many f and n words they could yell per minute. Other than that nothing. Same story over and over just different day. A lot of yelling and talking over one another. This movie could have been much better. It's frenetic, it's shouty, it's a relentless spiral to the bottom with no redeeming features. If you enjoy a slide rather than a ride, this film's for you. For me, it's a resounding no. Simply bad. Vulgar. Confusing. Very urban, lots of talking over each other. It is very manic. Howard is all over the place. The characters constant talking over each other is a painful experience, it may work in New York culture, but after 30 mins I couldn't take it anymore and had to turn it off. Adam Sandler leads this cast in pinpointing even the most minute details & distinct mannerisms unique to this story and its characters, that moviegoers, particularly those raised in the Tri-State area in the 80's-90's, will no-doubt find themselves lost in this film as if the characters were somehow truly friends of their actual friends. Nailing the particularities and distinct idiosyncrasies of these people without any support of oft-used parodic caricatures, coupled with gracefully weaving in a heavy pop culture storyline without being gratuitous, was masterful and made this a joy to watch. Given that the story itself was so well-written, this film lives up to all the hype- if Spike Lee, Guy Ritchie & David Fincher together spawned a writer/director, this is the film he would have wished he made himself. What a way to start the 2020 movie year; everyone crushed their roles, but Adam Sandler really stepped up to the plate to hit a homer at Yankee Stadium. Adam Sandler plays a 47th Street jeweler whose life is out of control. He's shacked up with his girlfriend, Julia Fox. His wife, naturally, wants a divorce. He owes huge sums of money to his bookie, Eric Bogosian, who sends his legbreakers around to encourage him to a more prudent program of debt repayments. He thinks things are turning around when a rock arrives. It contains hundreds of carats of 'black opals', valued at up to $3000 a carat at auction.<br/><br/>Having spent the first half century of my life in the Diamond District - and twenty years before then - I was impressed by the setting; clearly, the ground floor of 35 West 47th Street has not been cleaned since they took out the diner in the late 1980s. Sandler's character is a schnorer and a momzer, and I am uncertain as to his viability in the everyone-knows-everyone society of the jewelry industry; it was changing to something far less collegial by the late 1990s. Even before then, we had problem children. One tenant was a particular problem, but we didn't throw him out because he was the best gold smith on the street.<br/><br/>Even so, it's not a story of much interest to me. Sandler's character is marked for destruction from the start. Once his current lease was up, he would have been gone. The only question is whether this core of opals can delay his end, and by how long. Nor did I really care.<br/><br/>There's been talk about how brilliant Sandler is in a serious role. Every time a comic actor gives a performance that is serious, people are astonished. I am not. An actor is an actor, and a good comic actor needs to be a good actor with something extra. Sandler has shown himself more than competent in serious roles, like in ANGER MANAGEMENT. It's his charms as a comic actor that have eluded me. The movie was ok but nothing special. What was up with the strange music during the intro credits? I think Adam Sandlers performance is a little over rated. I mean he was great but I don't see him taking away an Oscar. Worth a watch though. Check it out. Everyone tries to talk at the same time the whole movie long which is very irritating. I think Woody Allen was the director here.....they sounded like wounded animals all making noise at the same time. The truth actually is that when they all talk together, mistakes cant be heard so easy and bad acting hides behind the confusion. People who claims this rubbish was the best acting ever from Adam Sandler don't have taste at all. Maybe if you are a drug user and you miss some parts of the movie and cross talking it might make some sense. After seeing the high reviews for this movie I thought I'd give it a try. It was 2 hours of noise then it just ends. Considering 5 stars should be an average film, this falls way short of the mark - I found it offensive on so many levels.<br/><br/>The first 5 scenes were people shouting over/at each other, presumably to distract the audience from the lack of a plot. Why did he 'lend' his opal to a basketball player, why is the movie so long, why is The Weeknd in this?<br/><br/>We almost turned it off at several points before we did, and definitely should have done. When Sandler was about to get his opal back, the door to his shop was jammed, and the next 10 minutes were him and his mates banging on the door with a hammer (while still all yelling inaudible nonsense at each other), we thought it was enough. I doubt the remaining hour and a quarter redeemed this mess. Absolute garbage of movie script, events, everything.
Even tho Adam Sandler is one of my favorite comedy actors, this movie was catastrophic (and this is a compliment).
Yelling, swearing, no story to follow, it's just chaotic tension through the whole movie.
All these high ratings, are probably from kids who have never heard the F word in their life. Otherwise I don't see the point of rating this higher than 2 (it's not 1 because Adam is acting).<br/><br/>If I can rate the worse movie of my life, ever watched... this will be top 10, if not top 3. I am 32 years old and I have watched insane amount of movies.<br/><br/>If you are being forced to watch it, please, take some anti-stress pill before watching it, because besides making people tensed, and stressed, and waste 2-3h of their life... I see absolutely no other point in this movie.
No story, no lesson, no events. Just yell, swear, fight, yell, swear, fight...
Ah maybe because it requires 30 IQ to understand it, it has high scores...<br/><br/>Anyway HF, and avoid it if possible. The movie didn't have a good story at all. The "stress" music was in all the time even when the scene wasn't any thriller. Nothing wrong with the acting. But the story and how it was put together was very bad. Because that's all this movie is.... yelling on top of yelling on top of yelling...<br/><br/>There's almost nothing else to talk about, apart from the fact that most people will only want to see this because Adam Sandler is in it. a complete disaster of a film. The positive reviews on here are literally just from people who love Adam Sandler, not from people who actually want to sit down and truly enjoy a decent film.... STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning<br/><br/>Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) is a small time New York hustler, caught up in a whirlwind of small time hoodlums, wannabe gangstas and a mountain of debt. Some glimmer of hope appears to surface in the shape of some diamonds from Ethiopia he has got his hands on, which he appears to have a buyer for. While he navigates his personal life, including his volatile wife, slightly more understanding mistress, and his teenage son, when his deal with the diamonds appears to go sideways, he finds himself plunged headlong into an escalating crisis that won't end well.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is something of a Marmite comedic actor, who has a pretty love or hate effect with audiences. Personally, he's always gone over my head, and I can't even recall seeing one of his films (even arguably his most popular and well known, The Wedding Singer) with him in the lead. Indeed, the only one that springs to mind is Anger Management, where he co starred opposite the legendary Jack Nicholson (on whose part much more of the laughs were generated than Sandler!) But here he is, cast against type and reinvented, in this unconventional crime drama from the Safdie Brothers.<br/><br/>In one long, continuous take, we are thrust into the world of Howard Ratner, with the Safdies aiming to create the impression of being in his skin as he navigates this world of outwardly friendly people, who constantly turn hostile at the merest perceived provocation, trapping us in a vortex of relentless aggressiveness and excessive bad language, that becomes a bit overwhelming. Sandler has to convey this persona, because his character either himself naturally has this temperament or has to adopt it to survive, but there's a goofiness about him that really makes it hard to take him seriously, however hard he tries. Add to this a thin, sketchy plot that doesn't have enough about it to sustain a two hour fifteen minute running time, and the result is quite a heavy misfire.<br/><br/>The Safdie Brothers have attempted an early Tarantino style unique approach to the crime genre, albeit with a much bigger budget and a bigger name star. Maybe it went over my head, maybe I need to see it again, but for me, it just didn't really work. Although, unlike with other mediocre efforts, I can see why others might disagree with me. ** This movie is super stressful. The lack of likeable characters, the confusing music score, and the over-the-top language can be disorienting. However, the ending of the movie makes it worth it, even though you can see it coming. I was thinking about this movie days after seeing it, so there must be something there, even if a can't exactly pinpoint it. I can understand the bad reviews if you're not from NY which I am, I've been in the jewelry district in Manhattan, and knew people exactly like this. This a chaotic movie about a sports gambling addiction getting in over your head and the world of gemstones which I'm in as well ironically, I'm not a big Sandler fan but this was his best performance.. it's real and intense, not for the faint of heart . Adam gives his best in this movie. Lovely to see him do a serious role. Oscar next... Didn't expect a Adam Sandler movie could be that exciting. It was a bit awkward at first. The lines were unnecessarily long and boring. And the music was weird as well. Everyone tries to be all hood and tough in a funny way. Thought this one would be a five or six in the end. But then when the story started to click it got really really good!<br/><br/>I guess when all the bet is on the table and you know what is at stake you'll feel connected to Howie and his troubles bit by bit. You'll feel for the guy.<br/><br/>But the ending was a bit unexpected. One minute you're all giddy and hyper and then BOOM you're back to reality. It's very clever in a way. Good stories bring you along.<br/><br/>Big fan for KG as well! Loved his performance! It's sad that he didn't win that year. But at least he got his own already! Guy is a legend! Hopefully he gets more movie gigs in the future. Would love to see him again on the screen! Adam finally got out of his comfort zone and done the unimaginable! Surprise me! I give this movie a big thumbs up! Worth the watch! Fine movie, some nice street comedie, and the end is somewhat different than I expected. Definitly a movie to watch but an 8 is far over rated. People dont know how to rate anymore these days. Just trying to compensate others or something. It is not more than a 7. This is an engaging and well acted piece, somewhat similar to the film Bad Lieutenant, but well worth a look and not as graphic as the 1992 cult classic. Is this what Adam Sandler is capable of? Why doesn't he do this stuff all the time instead of G rated netflix crap! His acting in this is out of this world. This is capable of being a modern day classic - that in future years will still be praising and after it all - it will feel like you were all apart of it! A roller coaster ride for 2 hours. I am not an Adam Sandler fan so my expectations were low but the hype surrounding this film tipped my hand into watching it. As far as my expectations being low, I was not disappointed The story had promise but the script and acting totally ruined it.<br/><br/>The characters are cartoon like stereotypes and the acting only serves to amplify this. Only a couple of the supporting cast get pass marks.<br/><br/>The flow of the story blurs logic and timelines leaving you wondering if you had drifted off and missed part of the film. Wish I had missed all of it. Everyone be talking over each other like the old Roger Altman movies, and it's at least an hour too long. Sandler's just being Sandler mumbling throughout the movie. The confusing plot moves along excruciatingly slow - sitting in the movie theater you'll wish you could hit the fast forward. A 6 minute pointless scene of the family watching the daughter in a school play..really.? Always been a fan of Adam Sandler's serious roles and this was another good one.<br/><br/>Maybe a bit too gritty at times - you can't understand the dialogue for the first few minutes because the intro music is too loud - but I was interested start to finish. Very good and a satisfying ending. In every second of the movie someone is yelling with no reason and when this is not happening in the background is playing an annoing music. Don't understand the high rating. So much yelling in the movie. Wow this film was crazy, just non stop noise and drama, not your typical cliche Hollywood film hence all the bad reviews. You will squirm watching it, it will raise your heart rate, you feel Sandler's stress, it was an excellent film and it was thrilling to watch. People giving it 1/10 need to get a life or go and watch iron man or something. Sandler is the man. I listened on Kermode and Mayos film podcast that the Safdie brothers screened the first 40 minutes of the film to Paul Thomas Anderson and he questioned "does it keep this pace throughout the whole film?" With them responding "yes.." to which PTA said "amazing", with the relief to the brothers.<br/><br/>The hype around this film is very true. I watched good time last year for the first time and knew nothing about the directors or film and my main thoughts after the film was thinking, my god that was tense, claustrophobic, stressful...but in a good way. Uncut gems is all of that and turned up to 11.<br/><br/>Sandlers performance in this is a freight train without any intent to stop. its so frustrating to watch this character go through his addictive motions as the movie progresses.<br/><br/>There is so much dialogue and hard to tell what may have been scripted or not.
But what I think we truly have here, are two very talented brothers making some of the most interesting game changing films. I hope they continue to grow their filmography! So stressful, always at least two people yelling at the same time, terrible decisions, great movie. Let's get this out of the way......Uncut Gems is by no means a film meant to be easily enjoyed, and deliberately so. It's a frenetic, disorienting, and alarming work that smashes through its own plot and refuses to let up. This approach will work for some and completely deter others, but when all is said and done it is clear that the Safdie brothers have succeeded in what they set out to do. This is due in no small part to the superbly talented cast that excels across the board to truly sell the sporadic nature of the story. Idina Menzel, Lakeith Stanfield, and Julia Fox all nail their respective roles, but it's even more stunning to see complete amateurs like Kevin Garnett (yes, the basketball player) provide convincing performances when thrown out of their comfort zone. In spite of this, Adam Sandler completely steals the show with a tour de force that is likely to be remembered as the highlight of his entire career. His character is a sleazeball the likes of which he has never emulated before, and that is exactly why it is difficult to understand why he deserves so much praise. Adam masterfully portrays a hopeless, despicable gambling addict as he repeatedly chooses to make one wrong decision after another and turns his life into an absolute train wreck of his own making. It is through this continuous cycle of the main character's bad judgement that the film creates this unending anxiety that never ceases to increase, culminating in a third act stretch where the stakes are so unnecessarily massive that it teeters on equal parts immense suspense and extreme frustration. At the end of it all, it becomes impossible to empathize with Sandler's character because he is not given even the smallest window of opportunity to show any redeeming qualities, and this is precisely the point. The directors set out to illustrate a person's life unraveling into a full-blown disaster, and that is what will be witnessed even at points where a character is supposed to "improve" or "learn a lesson". Whether that concept is appealing to a viewer or not is up in the air, and it's why Uncut Gems will continue to be so polarizing in regard to its merit. All i can personally say is that the Safdie brothers had me screaming at my television screen repeatedly throughout this madness, and i think that's exactly what they were hoping i would do. I've seen a number of reviews here talking about what a "cluttered mess" this movie is. How the scenes are chaotic, everyone is yelling over eachother, etc....<br/><br/>Yeah. That's the point.<br/><br/>Sandler's character is a mess. His life is chaotic. The people he deals with are loud because they've either had it with him over his sketchy deals or they want him dead because he owes them money. Additionally, it's not like the movie is non-stop anarchy. There are plenty of points where the story slows down a bit and becomes more intimate between characters. It gives you a second to breathe and catch up...but just the right amount of time.<br/><br/>I'll admit, the score for the movie surprised me a bit but I personally liked it. I enjoy that 80's synth vibe style and I dont think the score was featured enough to take away from the movie.<br/><br/>The real standout for me however was Adam Sandler. Wow. This is HANDS DOWN his best movie in a very long time. Watching him play the role of the deal making gem dealer who's always got another trick up his sleeve...until he doesnt; it was refreshing. It was something unlike anything that hes done (that I can think of).<br/><br/>The only thing that felt strange or out of place in the movie is the colonoscopy scene at the very beginning. I thought they would come back to that by saying his biopsy came back as being positive for cancer. It would have added another layer to the story but might have made it feel busy. Instead he gets a call out of the blue from his doctor who tells him hes alright and that everything was perfectly normal....okay. So what was the point of that being in the movie? It just seemed odd after finishing the movie.<br/><br/>All in all, it's not the greatest movie ever made but it certainly is surprising and it will keep you on the edge of your seat. Andrew Jackson 2ne greatest president(behind Lincoln)? only one to return banks from shadowy organizations to American hands? Mystery science theater 3000 new seasons released : Truly extraordinary my Moonrakers of this achievement of men.<br/><br/>If you like this crime drama thriller enjoy. The biggest crime is being perpertreated by 51% of the world's population on the 49%: All drama is caused by and All comedy is sucked away by 51% of the world's population whose goal is replication of humans, not creativity, want to disintegrate dreams of the 49% and are an enemy of all creative arts including animation. Need to be herded in correctional facilities to figure out how to deal with these actual walking viruses. Spy/secret agents need to reevaluate their focus and annihilate. Need to get torn up by animal kingdom. Movies with humans have the hero and girl trying to get with each other. They even include animals assuming human characteristics of that man-woman nonsense. Be careful of what gets brainwashed into your subconscious from this. Watch out for hole guys. The romance angle (romance(tm) is too much a term for this) is handled charmingly/cutesy but all of this is like aw man here we go with this stuff. I know this movie spiderman ffh is showing guidance to males how to deal with females. All imagination shown in this movie, creativity is the male ability, while females are replication of humans (aka babies) so both goals are contrasts with each other and know if you stick it in their hole your creativity goes swoosh disintegrates, you fall inline with patriarchy which is uncompromising. Replication is them celebrating the debauchery of humankind while creativity is trying to get closer to God (creating imaginative things.) Any contact with female is the road to babies guys. Even the cutesy way movie dalliances are portrayed. I cant provide all the know-how on the matter, what I can state here that someone else hasn't figured throughout the thousands of yrs of human knowledge. They want to grind up men but it is I who grind them into fine dust. Wear pink to take their power away? I get it's hormones, just j/o in toilet or napkin. Nintendo Mother/Earthbound textbook to be released wee- csunBApiano Hectic, chaotic movie about a greedy new york jeweler. I was instantly drawn in. It felt extremely authentic. Me and the missus were hoping to enjoy the movie. Was just a headache waiting to happen. Scrambled and frenetic scenes, music and script. Like watching a heart attack unfold.
Didn't find it entertaining but annoying. A visual and audible punch in the face.
We left the theatre after half an hour as it felt like an assault on our sensibilities This is one of the most anxiety ridden movies I've ever seen. Adam Sandler was amazing and I truly believe that he deserves at least an Oscar nomination. I'm not kidding, this is a absolute must watch and is easily my favorite movie of the year. Come in with zero expectations, my oh my, I am totally blown away. Watch it.
Haha, it's much better than the Irishman. Very enjoyable experience great story and performances were brilliant by all cast I was wired to the screen. Great ending as well. I'd say this is one of AS's better performances and a great cast of cameos. Lots of people had told me that watching Uncut Gems was an incredibly stressful experience and going into it I wasn't sure if this was a good or a bad thing. After finishing it I can confidently say I've never seen another movie like it. It's flat out strange but I loved it. From the cameos of The Weeknd and KG, to the 80s sounding, video-game like soundtrack, it's so random and nothing really makes much sense to me but it works. Adam Sandler's character is like if you were to take Larry David from Curb Your Enthusiasm, throw in some crippling gambling addiction, and top it off with some Tony Soprano. It's so cringe worthy and you hate his character but you can't help but feel bad for him at the same time. The ending was great, although I wish we got to see some reactions from his family and mistress. Havent got any words to describe this. Every time that I thought that Sandler would get his act together, he just kept messing it up even more.. The premises are bound together by the uncut gems in an Opal(Rock), but its hardly about it. Movie is held together my Sandler and some great supporting cast. Watch it for Sandler. Near Oscar worthy performance from him When I was growing up, Adam Sandler was the biggest name in the film industry. Some of his movies were my absolute favourites - Happy Gilmore, Grown Ups, Just Go With It (to name a few). I've never understood how he faded away, starring exclusively in terrible films over the past 10 years. Did I just reach a certain age and no longer find his comedy funny anymore? I don't think so, because I still thoroughly enjoy myself watching his classics. If someone was to conduct a study into Sandler's incredible plummet from the top and write a dissertation on their findings then I would be very willing to read.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems may just have achieved the impossible by reviving Hollywood's biggest sleeping giant. I had no idea Adam Sandler was capable of a performance like this, and it is indeed his career best. The film lacks a clear cut plot (I guess you could describe it as... uncut) and to be honest I only started to enjoy it halfway through once I decided to view it as a character study of the contemptible Howard Ratner. There is barely a second of runtime where Sandler isn't on screen, so Uncut Gems presents us with over 2 hours of the life of Howard, a shady gems dealer and gambling addict. The character shouldn't be likeable - he makes poor choices at every turn, doesn't appear to give a toss about his family, and in general is manipulative, rude and vulgar. Yet I couldn't help but find myself willing him to win and walk away a hero. Maybe that's just the charm of Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems has a strong and unforgettable finale, which nearly boosted my rating to 8/10 but overall this would not have reflected my enjoyment of the film. A lot of scenes (particularly in Howard's jewellery shop) were noisy with a lot of shouting, swearing and not much else in the way of dialogue, which in itself was often drowned out by an offensive score. Overall this made for a somewhat uncomfortable viewing experience that at times went as far as stressful. Sandler is magnificent in portraying the fascinating Howard Ratner however and ultimately that's what I'll remember Uncut Gems for. 7/10. Emotionally still very Safdi, noisy, chaotic, panic. Immerse the character in a restless atmosphere. But the last few rounds of handling are still very powerful, and the whole story has improved a lot. Garnett's cameo is also a very big highlight, making this movie more virtual and real, with a mysterious power in it. Adam Sandler also played well and tried to change himself. This is not your typical Adam Sandler movie. This is a relentless, tension high assault on the senses. The director and Sandler deserve some kind of recognition for this. Very edgy and not for the faint hearted. Worth watching but difficult at times when everyone shouting and speaking at the same time, a good watch still and showed a bit more range to Sandlers usual same same comedies of which some were good and some were really bad. Fair play to him in this though and thought provoking but pure chaotic life that he seems to only make worse for himself. Slightly unbelievable though that a guy with a 2m Manhattan apt and a 5m dollar house and a diamond and other high end stuff business worth millions is struggling to pay back 100k Well, it was certainly not a slow or boring movie as something happened all the time. I can say for sure that if you're tired, stressed or want to relax this isn't the movie for you! I think my stress level raised from 0 to 100 while and after watching this. Apart from that a good movie with an unpredictable ending. While I can understand why some viewers give this a high score, that does not being it is fun or pleasant to watch. It is fast-paced, nerve-wracking action that is about a character who lies, schemes, and takes insane risks with other people's money and, as a consequence is in a constant panic as he struggles to escape the consequences of his shtick. He is a classic schlemazel -- a born loser. Even when he wins, he loses. I wonder why my grade isn't bigger than this. Probably because i'm tired and the movie doesn't allow you to breathe even when you only have 2 characters in a scene inside a room - sometimes i need that space in order to build tension. this movie does built it, but the tension is pretty high right at the beggining of it. It's the first safdie brothers film i watch and i guess the rest of their work is not very derivative from this.<br/><br/>sandler's character is really well crafted, like some of the characters around them - even though most of them are pawns that gravitate towards him. The movie is an insane run that doesn't let you breathe for a second - a lot of people won't see it because of that. because there's one thing that this movie does really well - it presents the characters while they're in action and it doesn't try to explain everything. You will know as you watch it. they won't give "inception architects" in order to someone explain the movie to them. that's what i liked the most, was how the script was crafted.<br/><br/>really good cinematography and the direction is very solid. adam sandler does an excellent job - to the point you don't see anyone else doing this part. no, really - i can't se any actor out there that could do this better than sandler. Sandler his an histerycal actor even in the bad movies he does. he never stops to the point where he's just annoying. On this one it is asked for the actor to be completely histerycal, with high blood pressure with no stoppings, always on the run, doing bad decisions after bad decisions, always thinking all it will be well - savage capitalism is pretty much this ain't it? crisis of 2008 was a gamble after all. that's the core of this movie. sandler is a good actor when he wants to be, and i'm glad the brothers were able to gather enough money to get the perfect actor for this. It's a tour de force and it's probably the best acting job of the year - i didn't see the joker yet but highly doubt it reaches this excellence.<br/><br/>so yeah this is a movie about an addicted guy that can't stop, because he always thinks he can do better. he lives in a forged reality where the problems will be past if he runs faster. this movie is about one guy that can't stop to breathe for a second and realize all the bad movements he did. it compensates but you need to be patient for the rewards. a lot of people aren't that patient. i really liked it, even though i don't think it's a masterpiece - i need to understand why still, maybe in the future i'll upgrade the stars.<br/><br/>"uncut gems" has the potential to become a movie classic. let's see what the future holds for it. This is a dynamic thriller which shines light on the fast-pace life of diamond shops. Although the plot is not overly complicated, it touches on important issues such as our obsession with celebrity status and the overwhelming excessive indebtedness of small business owners. The real standout is Adam Sandler, who proves yet again, his tremendous acting potential, by delivering a nuanced and believable performance of someone who is pushed to the brink, while indulging in a dangerous, yet addicting lifestyle. I was surprised how much I enjoyed this movie since I am not a huge fan of slow paced movies. Yet, the tension building, atmosphere, fear, anxiety, uncertainty, danger, all of this is present in each second of the movie, it suddenly makes you feel like you are the main role himself. The tension is unbearable at times, and I say this in a positive way of course, meaning the movie achieved it's primary intentions, as I see it. The ending was a bit surprising, or I rather say, it came fast like a storm, but yet, it deserves all of its praise and I think that it should have been listed at the Oscars. Adam Sandler does not hold back with this one. The Ups & Downs on this emotional rollercoaster of Hype, Love, and Fear delivers an experience that makes it almost impossible for someone find no relation to the thrill provided. The transitioning between scenes is very fluid, great display the of setting and the vibe of the room. Not to mention, the retro-futuristic soundtrack plays into the right points of the movie at the right time. Amazing scoring. I enjoyed it even more on rewatched, it is definitely closer to a 4.5/5. Uncut Gems is like having a panic attack. It's frantic, unpredictable, exhausting, anxious, paranoid, visceral, and I enjoyed the hell out of it. I can admire it and it's effectiveness at putting the viewer in the world of Howard Ratner. Uncut Gems is also shockingly unsentimental about it's characters and what befalls them. You may laugh, you may gasp, but you'll be surprised one way or another. The Safdie brothers continue to solidify themselves as some of the most exciting filmmakers working in the thriller genre. Uncut Gems is two hours of collective adrenaline spikes and I highly recommend it.<br/><br/><ul><li>Mitchell Bulfin</li></ul> Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) is a New York jeweler and a gambling addict. After obtaining rare opal gems from an Ethiopian mine, his multiple attempts to profit from them bring more trouble to his life.<br/><br/>Potentially, there are valid reasons to dislike this movie. Firstly, it is difficult to watch a main character go downhill with gambling addiction. Secondly, the main character is repulsive, duplicitous, despicable, profane, untrustworthy, adulterous, self-destructive, inconsiderate, and criminal. To borrow the language of the movie, the man is a total schmuck. So how can a movie overcome all of these setbacks?<br/><br/>To begin with, there is the frenetic, lively energy greatly orchestrated by directors Josh and Benny Safdie. And in the anti-hero role, Sandler is animated, buoyant, and hilarious. Further, there is a thrilling climax with many surprises and twists to add further impact to this movie.<br/><br/>So, the pluses of the movie do more than just make up for its minuses. They go even further and make "Uncut Gems" one of the most entertaining movies released in 2019. The tumultuous roller-coaster ride was worth the price of admission. - dbamateurcritic It never ceases to amaze me what A24 is able to conjure up when it comes to independent film sector. Indie films have their own unique ways of storytelling and style, which Uncut Gems fits that description to a tee. The Safdie Brothers have delivered us one hell of an anxiety driven roller coaster story that keeps your nerves up at maximum practically the entire 2 hour and 15 minute runtime.<br/><br/>After seeing the positive reactions to the 2017 hit Good Time many were eager to see what the Safdie Brothers would come up with next. Both Good Time and Uncut Gems has introduced the public to the Safdie Brothers distinct style of filmmaking. The world of Uncut Gems resembles a dirty, grungy and nerve wracking environment that the Safdie Brothers created and they manage to take audiences through this world feeling every bit of it. They manage to keep you on the edge of your seat through Sandler's performance and energetic editing, which maintains that sense of anxiety and stress that we're suppose to feel. At the same time though it can feel a little exhausting by the end, which was something I did feel during my screening.<br/><br/>It was my understanding that there were some skeptic mindsets from many people when they heard Adam Sandler doing a gritty, serious drama piece. I would have to admit that it would be hard to believe myself that Sandler would be doing another drama since his last one being 17 years ago with Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch Drunk Love. Yet after seeing this film, I have to say that Adam Sandler really did surprise me with his performance and I must tip my hat off to him. Sandler's portrayal of the problematic gambler Howard gives us a character that we can all be scared for, be annoyed with, be angry at, and even too some extent feel pity for him. Every decision Howard made, whether it was to foolish lend his prized stone to celebrity or use the money needed to pay off his debt and make one last big gamble with it, these decisions made our feelings and emotions towards Howard feel like they were in a massive tug of war match. Sandler take on a more serious role does show good potential for him to expand his ability in playing characters with a lot more darkness, grit and emotion, however, I fear that it's going to take a few more tries for him before people see beyond his traditional silly comedies.<br/><br/>The last few things I really want to mention is that while this has been on many peoples' top films of 2019 and has been talked about a lot, but the biggest group that many have claimed to just completely ignore this film was the Academy. Snubbing Adam Sandler from Best Actor has been one of the biggest disgraces(to many people) by the Academy. While I do think Sandler gave a terrific performance and that he can definitely play dramatic roles if he is given the chance, yet I think it is very hard for people to see beyond all the comedies that he has done over the years. Now has Sandler had come could comedy films? Yes absolutely, he has had some good comedies but he has also made some pretty bad ones as well. Many in the entertainment industry are going to look back at his past films and see that it all can be is a "funny man" nothing more. As for the film itself, I thought it was well done, but at the same time I feel as if the film was a little too raw and extreme for some- more specifically the Academy. Arthouse films or unconventional films are no strangers to the Academy, but something about Uncut Gems didn't resonate well or hit the right spot with Academy members. I have to be honest and say that I can understand in some way as to why the Academy didn't recognize this film. Throughout this review I have mentioned several things that that make this film unique and its own, however, those same things sort of lead to its omission. I keep thinking that Uncut Gems came across as a little extreme and some people didn't take it well. Some time is needed before a film like this one could become more acceptable by those in the higher brow or prestigious groups.<br/><br/>While can appreciate the craftsmanship and unique style put into the making of Uncut Gems. It proved itself to be a film that comes from passionate minds that want to tell their stories in the way they want to. There are definitely some things to admire about this film, but I would say that by the end it made me feel exhausted and unconformable at times which doesn't necessarily mean that's bad just that I wish the intent for it was more controlled/intentional.
Overall Star Rating: 8/10 I didn't think it was possible for a film to give you anxiety but I guess I was wrong. Uncut Gems, a modern-day Roman Tragedy, situated in the fluorescent back rooms and the front showrooms of New York City's shopping underbelly, is the latest film from the Safdie Brothers. If you have no idea who the Safdie brothers are, they are two (actual) brothers who gained profuse acclaim after shocking audiences with the 2017 crime-drama Good Time starring Robert Pattinson. Not only can Pattinson thank the Safdie's for landing the coveted role of Bruce Wayne with the film, as well as allowing that film to shed his Edward Cullen/Twilight teen image, but the film was also an obtrusive reminder to the world that these brothers are not playing around when it comes to neon lit storytelling. Their documentary style type filmmaking along with their abrasive, headache induing filming style allows for their low-budget pictures to glisten, no matter how bad their VFX may be. The Safdie's are a clear and present reminder that, with the right story, passion is always reflective. With their latest film, Uncut Gems, its not secret, and reflects here.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems stars Adam Sandler as Howard Ratner, a down-on-his luck, gambling addicted, cheating, lying, manipulative NYC jeweller who, if we've ever seen it in cinema, has a degree in crap. Although the "gift-of-the-gab" definition may not particularly suit Howard, since everyone, all the time, knows he is always talking out of his ass, Sandler convinces himself and audiences that no one else could have pulled off this role, other than him. Abrasive, in your face, annoying and relentless, Sandler's performance may very well be, a staple New York City character for decades to come.<br/><br/>Yet, while Sandler may very well grace every single shot and scene in the film, the Safdie brothers are still sure and able to allow the film to evolve into what it really is, and thats an announcement. A proclamation of presence and a big shout out to the world of cinema, Uncut Gems is a film to solidify that the Safdie brothers are here, and they are here to stay. Uncut Gems isn't only a film, its an experience. Much like the first time you do cocaine, this film is the epitome of cocaine, caviar, K'vatsh and Grand Theft Auto printed onto celluloid. An unapologetic adrenaline shot to the senses.<br/><br/>What initially drew me in about this film was sonically, how unique it sounded, narratively speaking, without knowing how loud and it is aesthetically as well. The main theme which is a series of hard hitting, resonating synths overlapped with fluorescent ambience is immediately engrained into your memory. Daniel Lopatin takes a gritty in your face film, and scores each scene with electronic chaos yet equal grace. Not only does his score tighten and heightens the cinematic movie experience, but it also broadens its effect on the senses by creating soundscapes that are transcendent, it's as if the soundtrack was created by the sounds of slot machines, casino betting, and the whaling of a screeching auctioneer in your ear at all times. The sounds of Uncut Gems are as dreamy as a nightmare could be. Drowning souls lost for the pursuit of money as if they are trapped in the notes that belt and vibrate across the screen, Uncut Gems is a documentary style take on Wayne Kramer's hyper-violent Running Scared, but instead of opting for violence and gore, the film uses dialogue as its weapon.<br/><br/>While the narrative of Uncut Gems could be argued to expose the very simple story of just, the pursuit of money, the picture dives deep into social and economic commentary of capitalism and corporate greed as well. On the surface level, perhaps because of the value it holds in our society, the overall tone and theme of the film carries a type of mysticism behind it. Idolized and mythologized since its creation, the pursuit of wealth to bring happiness is an age-old cautionary tale that consistently makes fools out of many who chase it, including our protagonist Howard Ratner.<br/><br/>Set in 2012 within the deep diamond district of New York, Sandler's characters faults become clear early on. His inability to being a family man adds to his persona. Ratner's addicted ultimately fuels the narrative of the film as well as the desires of all the characters around him, leading to a very flawed and uncut portrait of a man as well as society as a whole.<br/><br/>Set at a breakneck pace, tonally ambitious and hyper-realized, the film feels so real at times, that it comes across as mega-fiction. Like a rapper on a mic, free-styling during a rap battle, the actors follow a script that was in development for almost a decade, yet sling-shot lines and emotions to one another, like they have been doing it their whole lives. Thanks to caliber actors like Lakeith Stanfield, Julia Fox, Idina Menzel, Judd Hirsch, and surprisingly enough, retired NBA player Kevin Garnett, Uncut Gems is a masterclass of coherent gibberish.<br/><br/>Fuelled by the pursuit of a rare Opal, the Safdie brothers craft a hybrid gangster/crime film that stays consistent to their break-out film Good Time, yet has an identity of its own. Maneuvering through the streets and boroughs of NYC, leading audiences through a wild goose chase, the film's clear cut vision is shot by Darius Khondji with some nauseating yet stellar results. Shot in the same way as all their previous films, the Safdie brother's signature documentary style lens which totally invades personal space, its the modus operandi of the film; unafraid and unforgiving. Shot by shot, and almost in an idolizing sort of way, which thematically is parallel to the narrative, the film is an expose of consumerism and how it turns into a drug of sorts for people. It shows the disease of constantly striving for that proverbial next level, the inevitable status oriented conversation over coffee and dinner tables by anxious heads of families as they swiftly smoke cigarettes.<br/><br/>In the end, the Safdie brothers hit the audience with the harsh reality that it all doesn't really mean anything, sending a punch to the face the same way too much popcorn sends a punch to the gut. There are moments when the addiction is so strong for Howard, the pursuit, that even after being heavily harassed and threatened by creditors, he's still making bets to loan sharks and flipping the bird to collectors.<br/><br/>With Uncut Gems, the depravity is colossal, and the Safdie brothers find decadence in this, as does the audience.<br/><br/>While it becomes clear that Joaquin Phoenix may very well be the front-runner to winning the Best Actor Oscar now that Awards Season is underway, Sandler should be considered for a close second. His perfectly timed blank stare of confusion in the copious moments of chaos throughout the film are perfectly in tune with its styling of setting and story. You hate to love him but you can't help in doing so. Addicted to the rush of it all, his addiction becomes the audiences fascination. Howard's rush of uncertainty, much like the narrative itself (you never quite know exactly what the hell is going on nor expect to see what happens next) begins to explode like a firecracker in your hand, personal yet so far from your own realities, hopefully.<br/><br/>Viewing Uncut Gems at its International Premiere has and will always have a profound nostalgia for me. Being a young cinephile who has grown up to the 90's crime genre, a period in cinema where grit, style and flare carry a film alone, Uncut Gems brought me back to a place I once found familiar. A time where Scorsese picture flooded the screens, a time where the gangsters and mobsters in films still wore suits and carried guns in their suit jacket pockets; a time where greasy hair and smoking guns was the norm. We may not got much of that with this film, and the latter may very well be replaced by the smell of fake NYC leather, tattered diamonds and urban hip-hop culture, but the Safdie brothers provide their NYC signature to a film that may very well be, an origin film towards the future of the modern and urban mobster genre. Without question, Uncut Gems is a gem of a crime picture that glistens. That was not a pleasant experience at all, a ring side seat watching a collection of the most horrible people you wish you didn't know about play out a dark and unpleasant trip to a world you suspect has elements of real world scenarios and people in it but you really don't want to have this in your head, but you can't look away.
You need a shower and some soothing music and soft lighting to cleanse this infected wound of a story from your eyes and mind afterwards, every detail of it goes toward the repulsive impact of it from the horrible music, to the real world celebrities playing themselves to the style and seedy underworld views it presents, that you want nothing to do with, but here we are feeding it into your head.
I really didn't enjoy watching this movie and it is worrying that this is where entertainment lies now, but I can acknowledge the sheer mastery of the end result.
Sandler is revoltingly magnificent in his portrayal of a self centered Asperger's level man on the comet tail of a breakdown, completely unaware of what he's playing with and his failings, but attacks it all with confidence. The character is at once hideous and compelling, complex and confusing. Sandler makes me believe he exists, and the taste in the mouth isn't pleasant.
The music was fantastic, and awful, leaving a depressing 70s vibe and aftertaste. It worked exceptionally well in creating an unpleasant mood of ominous tension. I hated it, and respected it.
The world view. Revolting. I sincerely hope I never see it in real life. Jewel merchants and gambling con men, hired thugs and seedy clubs, The ugliest America has to offer.
This was really a 9 for cinematic movie making and a 4 or less for enjoyable entertainment experience.
I needed heart medication afterward and I'm in good health. An unpleasant 2 and a half hour stay in the ugly side of humanity which will have you wondering why you inflicted it on yourself and admiring the artistry of the creation. Polarising to say the least Sound quality is poor on this film, it makes NO sense and everyone just screams at each other. The music is too loud and over powers the speech and everyone just shouts at each other. Plot is all over the place and the only just I really got was that a Jewish Jewel dealer likes to place bets by pawning other people's belongings in for money. The main basketball player who steals the stone for half of the film, you never get to actually understand why he took it or what happened there!?<br/><br/>Then he sells it, places a bet a dies<br/><br/>2.5 Hours of my life I don't think I'll ever get back, best part about it is Sadlers side chick who's got the most amazing body, but that's about it This movie make me feel uncomfortable (but in a good way). I think because of the sound. I love the thrill and the shocking scene at the end, made me speechless. For me this is a good movie because it keep me thinking and lingering in my mind for quite some time. Begins with Howard making every move to repay his debt. Most of his walkings and roamings take place in the central business district. This shows a busy entreprenuer in a busy enviromment justicely done by an eye catching setting. Time is not on his side but He manages to appeal to all figures in his life:from family to side girl and from job to hobby-betting. He needs to make a quick move like KG who also wants this spirited gem of Howard. A consensus can be reached if Howard makes life easy for his debtors as well as KG. But the performance of the debtors was worrying for fanatics of hardship hustling films. Their oppression and pressure was meaningless at time and did not deliver and spice into such great perfomance of Sandler. In the end they took his life and everything went dark. This film must be one of the best hustle films of the decade and I recommend to everyone out there who wants to combine love with hustle. Uncut gem, it's really a gem of a movie.. Adam Sandler performed really great. Here I really appreciate Jullia Fox performance, she did a Oscar performance. Adam Sandler has been one of my favorite comedians. After watching this one, I can say that he can be one of my favorite actors overall.
I did not expect this performance from Adam Sandler but I was surprised and I'm sure lot of watchers have the same feeling as I have right now.
If you love a good crime thriller then this is for you.<br/><br/>(This is a review of the reviews)
Negative reviews are coming from the people who have started watching films after 2018 because none of their reviews have any films prior to 2018.<br/><br/><br/><br/>You will not see any reviews on my profile either because the old IMDb ID was lost. A lot of people complaining about the shouting , don't even give a look at that I mean this is one of the best endings I've ever seen throughout my long long history with tv From the get go, this film told you that it was going to be taking you on a journey. The first scene literally brings us through the colon of the main character.<br/><br/>Once we have emerged from the aforementioned bowel, we are immediately immersed into the fast paced and seemingly haphazard life of the main character Howard.<br/><br/>Let go of all of your Sandler -comedy- misconceptions; this is not a comedy. Rather, you spend the majority of the film watching the so-called protagonist engage in a series of ever-escalating bets that will leave even the most virgin of wagerers on tenterhooks.<br/><br/>The pace is of this film is extreme and unfortunately lacks pay off at the end. The tone seems to build from the first scene, but I was disappointed with how it ended.<br/><br/>It is unfortunate that the film lacks grounding in reality (for me). I loved the cinematography and the soundtrack is awesome (if a little out of place).<br/><br/>I can only assume that this film is designed to serve as an allegory of gambling and the blind faith of addiction. Unfortunately, I would prefer the message to be less obvious. I don't know what to make of this film,centred about one greedy guy who wants to bet on an apparently precious gem ethiopians workers had dug out or something and then the a basket ball player,a girl and a gang of three get involved trying to reap the benefits of getting this gem aka stone. The end is surprising. I will put it in the not bad category Entertainment value: 2
Visuals: 6
Soundtrack: 5
Plot: 9
World building and depth: 8
Characters and dialog: 8 (or 2 I dunno...)
Total: 7<br/><br/>The good and bad:
It is intense! I have never been so mentally exhausted after a movie (that is bad though, right?). The plot is masterfully told. The bad choises by the main character really made me suffer physically and mentally...
The sound is great however I have never heard so much dialog in such a short amount of time...
Watch it but be prepared to suffer ;) A fast story progress,as the agony of the main character rises through personal issues,family crises,and a less valuable opal aucion
troubles in every scenes like a domino Lift the Adam Sandler filter block from your device, just for a couple of hours.<br/><br/>As crazy as that sounds, the reward is one of the best dramatic performances of the year. Dopey comic Sandler delivers some serious acting chops, morphing convincingly into his jewelry peddler character. This is John Turturro territory, which as it turns out, also offers a passing resemblance.<br/><br/>As the slimy yet congenial Howard, Sandler embodies his yappy hustler with just the right mix of bravura, oblivion, and misdirected entrepreneurial charm. Always one step behind in escalating debts, Howard keeps betting on himself in a self-inflicted, perverse, inverse pyramid scheme. When things go bad, go big!<br/><br/>Capturing the frenetic hustle and grimy bustle of New York streets, "Uncut Gems" is a loud talkie, shot in grainy close-ups and deep shadowy hues, pulsing with an insistent soundtrack that spars with dialogue creating a manic experience some may find confounding.<br/><br/>There's no need for build up; the tension permeates from the get go. Even when Howard makes friendly small talk, or attempts to participate in family life, his mind is always racing on another plane. And yet it is hard not to cheer for the delusional schlumpf, who despite all his transgressions, remains a sympathetic puzzle.<br/><br/>For a thrilling, frantic sequence of big money chaos and mayhem in an elite yet scummy underworld of wheeling and dealing few will ever sniff, this delivers the ultimate voyeur experience, which is what movies are all about. It's a roller coaster film: some will leave feeling nauseous, some will be discombobulated and confused, and some will eagerly get in line for another giddy go.<br/><br/><ul><li>hipCRANK</li></ul> Actually the first nearly 30 mins of noise, but if you stand, it holds you. I really love the taste of 90s. Total chaos. So many the F words. Sandler's best performance, yet. Unsettling amd stressful experience. It would be hard to say that it is enjoyable in the true sense of the word, but is surely a unique and impressive film. I live in a space where people struggle with addiction issues. Seeing people hustle like this is not uncommon The movie takes the hairpins of the story in its stride, in an uncomfortable whirlwind of money, risk and relationships. You're left to decide what to feel about Howard, however misguided many of his decisions are, he's Joe Bloggs trying for his big break, and forcing it any way he knows how. The frantic nature occasionally feels drawn out, but it largely flows quite well, if not dwelling much on his relationships with most of his children.<br/><br/>It's great to see Sandler doing something to flex his acting chops, last in 'The Meyerowitz Stories', but before that, not for some time. Very enjoyable film, probably equally as if it were seen in theatres. Didn't see the finale coming, though I rarely do. This movie reminds me of people I know that are hustling to make a living.<br/><br/>Throughout the whole movie I stopped several times questioning myself if the background music and dialogs are coming from somewhere else? No, it was coming from the movie. All these sounds really play with your emotion causing intense stress and anxiety, which I really do not like. But for some crazy reason, I kept watching.<br/><br/>I think Sandler performs excellent here. As a hustler he does things normal people can not relate to. Bad decision making. Abuse the ones who trust him. Stealing. Taking extreme risks. This is high intensity stuff!<br/><br/>It's New York, it's gambling , it's angst ridden Jews . It's bling obsessed basketball players and their hangers on and it's the over the top black rap lifestyle that we've come to see in the entertainment rags.<br/><br/>Put that all together and you have a breathless 2 hours of mayhem, .......double dealing, double crossing, foul mouthed mayhem.<br/><br/>The lead role is played very well by Sandler, giving a pretty good version of a gambling addicted jeweller to the sports glitterati. The rest of the cast plays very well off him and it all comes together quite convincingly.<br/><br/>Boy! You wouldn't want to get mixed up with that train wreck of a crowd, where promises are something that are used to get through 'til tomorrow and someone's word is about as reliable as a frayed rope.<br/><br/>There's a good chance that someone is going to get hurt when you're unwinding the barbed wire I mentioned, and in this plot it's happening all the time both emotionally and physically.<br/><br/>Sandler, as the aptly named Howard Ratner, surfs from crisis to crisis to crisis in his home and business life making it seem as real as your next door neighbour.<br/><br/>People like this do exist and just leave a trail of debris behind them wherever they go, so this film could be seen as a lesson to steer clear of them.<br/><br/>I can't say I liked the theme of the movie but I can say that it was a good two hours of frenetic entertainment In this high paced movie that can be described as a crossing between the witty dialogues of a Woody Allen film with the raw violence of Quentin Tarantino the main character, your typical Yiddish schlemiel, has everything going smooth for him, at least in his own eyes since it is obvious he has some immoralities associated with his behavior: a nice house, couple of kids, interesting wife and a sexy mistress. In an intricate complex of events in which he tries to quickly turn a profit from re-investing assets from his jewelry store using highly risky methods he paints himself further and further into a corner from which he tries to escape with that one all-or-nothing bet. The talking by the various murky types that visit his store, especially in the beginning is so fast that the sound designers tried to make the most of whatever available surround sound system by distributing the voices over all the speakers. Time and again this movie makes the audience cringe at yet another ill advised move or indiscretion by the jeweler, like a gambler at a slot machine, he does not seem to gamble to make a profit, but just for the sake of gambling until his money runs out. But he does not operate isolated, there's the bookmakers that will accept any crazy bets, there's loan sharks that can lend you fast money but at criminal rates and consequences if you don't pay them back, the general obsession with baseball and its high paid celebrities all together form the luring environment that is so irresistible with its promises but can be so deadly in its consequences. Wow, Uncut Gems is an absolute roller coaster.<br/><br/>I was looking forward to this film so much and I absolutely loved it. Adam Sandler is brilliant. The storyline is brilliant. It's raw, gripping and full of surprises. The Safdie brothers really are the new wave.<br/><br/>I can't wait to watch this over. What a ride. I am very glad I watched this one, however I will never watch it again.
More than 2 hours of nonsensical chaos, frantic yelling and stellar performances makes this unforgettable, awesome and completely un-rewatchable. This is a thoroughly pretentious movie that never captures the attention.
The music track is truly idiotic and does not relate to what's happening on screen. It fact, it's so freaking annoying it detract from the entire film enjoyment.<br/><br/>Sandler, who I like, goes in and out of character throughout. Sometimes he affects a diamond district Jewish accent and then other times he reverts back to Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>The direction style is chaotic at best adn also detracts from the enjoyment. It's almost as if the directors want to emulate Altman, but don't have the talent to pull it off.<br/><br/>It's clear Sandler thinks his performance is academy award fodder, but he is woefully wrong.<br/><br/>Stick to comedies my friend. Wow the amount of people saying this movie is too loud/people shouting at each other. Go watch something else clearly these are not your type of movie. Guess what? These type of people depicted in the movie actually do exist. You guys just need get out of your self entitled glass dome and see the world. This movie with the stupidest boring story line. We watch a lot of action movies with overly foul language, violence and sex. We love those types of movies. This movie was just such bad acting and story line. And it was so bad that this is the first movie I ever took the time to rate. You know the real value in a movie and an actor when you are truly enveloped in his character in the opening few minutes of meeting them.<br/><br/>Sandler does that here.<br/><br/>It is a remarkable film. Truly. Good movie GRAET acting poor soundtrack .
Adam proof himself as a great actor Uncut gems is a film I wouldn't recommend if you were stressed and are looking for a movie to calm you down, Uncut Gems does the complete opposite giving you an extremely anxiety inducing experience. However the Safdie Brothers evolve their directing style from Good time which was also anxiety inducing, however, Uncut Gems uses it so much more frequently and efficiently, making the Safdies some of the best Writers/ Directors to look out for in the future giving us a film that makes you feel stressed and holds on until the film ends. The performances are also excellent lead by Adam Sandler who gives his best performance yet, it feels like he disappears into this role which only helps the film. Kevin Garnett surprisingly gives a good performance also.<br/><br/>I do see a couple of critiques for the film however, such as: There are some moments in the middle that dragged on for too long. It also starts off a little messy and the fast anxiety inducing pace startles you for the opening act which means you spend some time figuring out whats what, but when it all starts to click, which I found it did around 10 minutes into the film I was immersed and ready to go on the ride that the Safdies prepared for us.<br/><br/>Overall, Uncut Gems is the epitome of anxiety inducing cinema heralded by an Oscar Nomination worthy performance from Adam Sandler, and also showing that the Safdie Brothers have a very promising future with this genre of film that they have mastered. If you're someone who wants to watch a movie to relax I wouldn't recommend this but if you enjoy quality cinema no matter what genre it is, this is one for you. This is one of those movies that has no likable characters, is about an hour too long, and is so bogged down by its "realism" that it forgets we want to be entertained. Put that with an actor that is only known for comedies, a musical celebrity (The Weeknd) that no one has talked about in 4 or 5 years, and an ending that is so atrocious it seems like they forgot the whole point of the movie. Maybe I was just expecting more but for me it was entertaining enough but still very boring. The scene that put me over the top was when the main character has to bring his kid to the city apartment where he has been keeping his "secret" girlfriend. Not sure why this scene was necessary, as nothing happened except eat up about 6 minutes of the movie.
Apart from that it was not worth re-visiting the same awful people scene after scene, in a story that goes nowhere. Almost no one has any redeeming value and almost nothing happens. There is the guy who is losing all his money to gambling addictions, then plenty of "realistic" scenes involving all the annoying people helping him sell his jewelery, then all the awful people he owes money to, this awkward and stupid relationship with his wife and then a redundant relationship with his girlfriend and then his two kids who might as well not even be in the movie except for the addition of "family drama" because the only other type of drama in the movie is a result of a very chaotic way of arranging some of the scenes. This would be all fine if there was some sort of payoff for any of the characters or even us as the viewers but the movie just kind of ends after a few unconvincing coincidences that just are an excuse to end the movie without coming up with an ending. 5 Stars because despite all this was a pleasant enough movie to watch with a pretty cool soundtrack. I ordinarily do not mind Adam Sandler and enjoy some of his films, but sadly, this was not one of them. I was really looking forward to seeing him do something different and he was different. If I had to hear his voice in this film for one more second, argh! I wanted to tear my ear drums out. The film went nowhere at all, until the last ten minutes. This would have been rated a 0, but +3 points for the ending! I would not recommend this film at all. Couldn't watch past the first ten minutes. Afraid I would get a migraine or labyrinthitis. If the creators' aim was to get viewers super stressed, they succeeded brilliantly. This is one of the most stressful films I've ever seen.<br/><br/>If I could compare it to anything Scorsese's filmography is a good bet. Sandler's "Howard Ratner" isn't far off Di Niro's "Travis Bickle." The excess shown through the movie is close to a Wolf of Wall Street. The intensity of the film even surpasses Goodfellas.<br/><br/>It's a visceral character study of a quality we don't see very often. Howard Ratner is no less well executed as a character than many of the other greats like "Daniel Plainview" or "Joe Buck." Sandler nails it out of the park. This part was made for him and the entire fabric of the movie comes together on his acting alone.<br/><br/>The film's score was also fantastic. Drowning out people's voices, creating dissonance and relief from the actions on screen. It's both a wordless narrator and mood piece to the whole movie.<br/><br/>This is a must see if you've got a strong heart. It's an immensely well crafted film and a rare experience where almost everything comes together perfectly. I just found myself needing to breathe an hour after for my blood pressure to ease up. Adam Sandler FINALLY shows us that he can act in this performance. Unlike all the other "funny guy" characters he has portrayed in the past he gives a believable non slapstick performance that had me care for his character... for once. This is the performance I always knew he could do and I am glad he achieved it.<br/><br/>BUT the film is less than stellar. Truthfully as a film it lacks direction, weak script, weak drive and really doesn't do anything to hook you in.<br/><br/>I found myself yawning a couple of times etc.<br/><br/>Regardless thank you Adam and good for you! Adam Sandler delivers a stellar performer as New York Diamond District Jeweler: Howard. Howard is in way over his head. In debt to multiple tough guys, in bed with one of his at least 20 years younger employees, and on the brink of a divorce with a court date TBD. Oh and he might have colon cancer. He's robbing Peter to pay Paul, and borrowing from Tim to pay a bookie and taking money owed to him and placing large bets on NBA games.<br/><br/>The constant elevation of tension and stakes is almost nauseating, seeing just how bad and convoluted things get for Howard is mesmerizing. And Sandler embodies it without a hitch. Sandler hasn't been this convincing to me since Punch Drunk Love. I was absolutely entranced by his character. His physicality, his accent, his delivery. It blew me away.<br/><br/>The Safdie Brothers have crafted a film that feels so authentic, so real, the audio is not theatrical, it feels like life as it's often hard to make sense of the dialogue when you have five people yelling at each other, two phones ringing, and music in the background. It's a very fly on the wall approach and works perfectly.<br/><br/>I didn't know I could hold my breath for two hours. Uncut Gems, is a pot boiler of stress, tension and anxiety. If those three words are triggers for you, this film might be one you want to avoid as it's two hour run time is an endurance test. But if you're willing to endure you'll be rewarded with one of the best movies you'll see all year. It is hard to understand what the characters are saying because it is too fast paced.<br/><br/>I am not sure there is a story nor a plot nor anything of any value. Total crap. I was expecting a much more tense film but this was pretty meh, not very well made. Safdie brothers haven't impressed me at all. Would've been much better with a better director. I found it to be an extremely frustrating movie. Adam Sandlers character is loud , obnoxious and super annoying/loud. It was hard to get through the movie with the noice of his horrible voice and constant yelling, I almost turned it off at one point. I wouldn't go out my way to watch it if I were you. What a depressing, annoying movie! All the characters are stupid and uninsightful. I was wishing the lead character died in the first 10 minutes. But I was forced to watch it so I tried to drink vodka to numb the pain. This is not a film for everyone. Bloody amazingly intense. Such a good film I very much enjoyed it.<br/><br/>Adam is phenomenal. Do not listen to the bad reviews they can't tell what a good movie is. They complaining about it be loud? Give me a break they should stick to watching live chess on the tv. The worthiness of Oscar panels eats it's own ass. This is an incredible movie. If the greatness of films have a profound effect on you, then this is up there. An astonishing performance from Sandler (who I never rated). I feel like I've been waterboarded. And let's not forget the lighting, direction and esoteric soundtrack. It really is that good. You'll be cheating a part of your life if you miss this. I think this movie was well acted, excellently directed and even the negative reviews prove how it was a success at conveying the emotion and uneasiness that it intended. You will feel drained by the end, which was also intended. The erratic interactions, unsteady camera and ominous music all serve to assist getting you to an uncomfortable state.<br/><br/>Some won't understand the deeper meanings, but there is a connection to the uncut gems and Howie (Sandler). He's a gambler and jeweler addicted to the high he gets by trying to successfully hustle and gamble. The $ is never enough and things don't usually work out and the he doubles down. He is trying to manage chaos (our universe), but he can't manage his marriage, his personal relationships, his emotions, his business...but he is always desperately trying to.<br/><br/>Although Howie is a terrible person in a lot of ways, he has a woman that loves him, his son loves him, he has an odd but endearing charisma with many people. Ultimately, he lives in a dream state that he can control chaos, but when things finally pay off, he is riding a high and then is ultimately brought crushingly back into reality.<br/><br/>Humans are complex and although he has many bad traits, he has good ones as well down deep, much like the cold rock exterior of the uncut gem and beauty hidden beneath it that started him on his insane, unhinged journey. The Safdie Brothers made a huge impression on me when I say Good Time so my expectations for Uncut Gems were high and seeing Adam Sandler doing another serious role made me really excited. This movie is insane.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems follows Howard Ratner, a New York jeweler addicted to betting. However when he gets his hands on a precious gem things begin to get crazy.<br/><br/>I loved Good Time. The Safdie Brothers managed to make a really murky character study of a very flawed person and Uncut Gems is very much like that. This film is one of the most intense films I've seen in a long time. The Safdies know how to make a scene as intense as possible. A lot of the time during the movie characters constantly talk over each other as they try to get their point heard. Not only does this feel realistic but it makes the scene feel really stressful as you try to hear what everyone is saying. The continuous yelling and arguing amplifies the intensity to the point where it becomes anxiety-inducing.<br/><br/>I've hated Adam Sandler as he's been consistenly churning out awful comedies but there was a part of me which believed he had the capability to be a good actor. Punch-Drunk Love being a prime example. Uncut Gems is another reason to prove that Adam Sandler can do wonders on screen if he has the right director and script. He is simply outstanding in this movie. I cannot envision another actor playing this role as he does such a good job here. It's sad he got snubbed by the Oscars as I believe he deserves a nomination for his work here. This is Julia Fox's first feature film and she stood out in every scene she was in. Even Kevin Garnett did a great job in his acting debut. All the actors did well and contributed massively to the film's impact due to their intense performances.<br/><br/>What really kept me interested was the character of Howard. Much like Connie from Good Time, you learn more and more about the kind of person Howard is and whether or not you're meant to align with him. There are points in the film where you want him to succeed and there are parts where you don't want to support him at all. You'll feel so conflicted about the way he is which I think was a great choice by the Safdies and Bronstein as it locks your full attention on the movie. The whole film has a very edgy and uneasy feel to it due to the choice of colours and soundtrack. At no point do you get a sense of relief or freedom as the film traps you into its world and keeps you there till the end credits.<br/><br/>I've seen Uncut Gems twice now and I feel it gets better the more I think about it. Its fast paced energy and distressing nature hooks me right from the beginning and leaves me breathing a sigh of relief. The Safdies have conquered this genre of film and are directors that are up and coming. This is Adam Sandler's best yet and I hope he continues to go for more dramatic roles. This is one of the best films of 2019 and I highly recommend it. Decent, if at times chaotic, drama that (for me) was ruined by a very jarring score that sounded like something out of an 80s adventure quest type movie.<br/><br/>Otherwise good. One of Adam Sandler's better performances but I wouldn't say it was Oscar worthy. Not sure but I felt this movie is overrated. But hands down for Adam Sandler performance. Its simply amazing. Movie is worth watching just to see his performance and specially the ending of the movie. What a surprise I was on edge of my seat and just said what just happened... Awe struck. The Safdie Brothers came to my attention with the flick "Good Time" in a sweaty New York story that felt like a wet sock on a radiator in the middle of winter. At the end you feel you needed a very long hot shower. "Uncut Gems" follows the same world of Jewish gem dealer-hustler-degenerate gambler who thinks he can outplay everyone until he can't.
A lot has been said about Adam Sandler's performance of Howard Ratner. He will always be Adam Sandler. Sorry, can't look past his mugging and his voice. Though he isn't "The Wedding Singer" Sandler, he is, given the material, a subdued one. Is it worthy of award attention, yes, but he won't win Oscar. He'll get Independent awards or Spirit awards, but it's just too much of a purposeful dirtbag character he presses hard to achieve. And it shows.
Cinematically, it is very original. And should get the Safdie Brothers some recognition in terms of script. It's a world we see very little of and returns to a sweaty NYC that throws money around like it were just dirty paper. Little do we really get to know Howard Ratner. He seems to be, at times, king of his domain, while others slap him around like an intern. Which is it? And more perplexing are moments when Kevin Garnett's crew would most likely beat him to a pulp in any circumstance. Hard to tell. But, the other unfortunate thing is repeatable watch. It isn't. It's grotesque in the characters it surrounds itself with. This is a Safdie Bros. special. Most of the people are REALLY real looking people. Which I appreciate. This is closer to documentary than a narrative. As the dominos begin to fall, and you are given a moment to breathe...well, as I said about "Good Time" they absolutely refuse to let you feel good about people. And that is unfair and ugly.
Is that real life? Most likely. Is it meant for it getting into classic world? Absolutely not.
A special nod to Julia Fox who plays...um...Julia. She's luscious and has a voluptuous woman's body and fits perfectly in this world. She's a sex kitten in constant heat and you can practically smell her Drakkar Noir permeate every time she is on screen. A moral skank, if there ever was one. These Safdie brothers are not as skilled as everyone thought - this picture lacked proper screenwriting and direction - Adam did his very best to carry a film that was put together with bubblegum. There were no meaningful connections between scenes nor actors. But individually the actors were entertaining and played their parts extremely well. If you like hearing 4 people constantly shouting over each other this is the movie for you. Also the ending is kinda dumb and non conclusive. Uncut Gems was a thrilling movie that kept me on my toes for near the entire film. Adam Sandler was very good in this movie; I have never seen him perform better than he did in this movie.<br/><br/>The plot was very intriguing. Howard had no clear objective (There was a broad goal for Howard which was to get money, but no specific conflict) until around halfway through the movie it seemed like but I did not feel like that was a problem. It allowed me to take in everything that was happening in the movie and not focus on how Howard would achieve his goal.<br/><br/>I became very invested in Howard's success and character early in the movie. I really wanted him to succeed, so when we found out that Otto cancelled the bet at the beginning of the movie, I felt bad for Howard. I was anxious throughout a good portion of the movie. The chaotic nature of the movie and the unsettlingly loud voices of the characters immersed me in the movie. It made parts of the movie great but I thought it was too much at times. There was a segment in the middle of the film where I lost a little bit of interest because of this. I felt like it was obnoxious at points.<br/><br/>The score for the movie was amazing. The music did a wonderful job of setting the tone for each scene and creating a very engaging movie. The cinematography was also really good. The close ups of characters guided the audience to imagine what each character was thinking at the time.<br/><br/>The best scene of the movie was also the most shocking and disturbing. The very last scene of the movie was an incredibly bold choice by the Safdie brothers. Howard's death was so unexpected and brutal. My jaw dropped when Otto's heavy man shot Howard in the face with absolutely no hesitation. I was in shock for a good while after the movie ended. The directors did not hold back when creating this scene. The scene was not especially gory but it was merciless and so realistic that it made the audience react with awe.<br/><br/>Lastly, Sandlers character was extremely well created. He was in constant need of being in control and proving other people right. He did not seem to evolve throughout the film but got what was coming to him in the end. His character was especially shown when he stopped at his apartment where he had kicked out the woman he was having an affair with. Howard told his wife that he was going to grab something, which he did not do; he merely walked in and made sure she wasn't there. Howard cared so much about being in control that he exposed his son to the truth of his relationship with his son's Mom. I suppose if you want to spend over two hours of your life watching a sad individual making one wrong move after another, only to be disappointed in the end, proceed. This does not resemble a typical Adam Sandler movie in any way. (I had the same feeling walking out of Tom Cruise's Vanilla Sky several years ago. Say what?). Critics may like this art (garbled mess) but I rank it as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sorry Adam. Too much unnecessary dialog which clashes with the action. There's alot of confusion going on in this movie. There's just too much happening at once. I feel like I've lost alot of brain cells from watching this movie. 2 hours of my life gone to waste Adam Sandler is awesome in this, but the plot is one big cluster jam. The voice and his degenerate behavior (maybe something different about his teeth too?) really drive home a stellar transformation.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, it all unraveled in about one second and I felt like I'd wasted my time throughout the entire first 99% of the movie. Really disappointing plot turns and denouement. I'm not sure how a serious actor read this treatment and thought it was a good idea, but there you have it. This movie is one of the weirdest movies I have ever watched... it is hard to follow, constant shouting and weird music. 05/25/2020 If you like argumentative/muddled and frenzied dialog where everyone is constantly talking over the other, then this movie is for you. I found it with no value, basically worthless with a befitting end. I can not recommend this noisy waste of movie watching time to anyone. Bon Appetit' This movie tries to use clever direction to make a terrible script a good movie, but it just winds up being a stressful mess riding on the fame of a big name (Adam Sandler).<br/><br/>A steaming pile of hot garbage I wish I could unsee. This movie could be played on repeat to criminals as a new age torture technique. If you have the choice between watching this and painting a wall an interesting shade of magnolia, get to the DIY store ASAP. "Uncut Gems" is the latest work by the Safdie-brothers, who should be known for "Good Time" with Robert Pattinson. "Uncut Gems" quickly attracted attention because of the main character: Adam Sandler. A name that is sure to cause choking reflexes in many cineastes, just like me. Sure, he made good films from time to time, but he is best when he mainly works as an actor. Here he shows what he can do, but "Uncut Gems" is more than just a brilliant performance by a leading actor.<br/><br/>Howard Ratner runs a jewelry store and believes he has made the biggest catch: An opal that he has not quite legally imported from Ethiopia. A small, uncut diamond that is not only beautiful, but is also said to be incredibly precious. When Howard lends the stone to basketball player Kevin Garnett because he is obviously interested in the stone, everything slowly but surely gets out of control ...<br/><br/>There's a great studio behind the film: A24. These people have released some great films including "Under the Skin", "Enemy", "The Lobster" and more recently "The Lighthouse". Then then there is a not unknown producer named Martin Scorsese and you already have a lot of talent and quality in advance.<br/><br/>"Uncut Gems" scores primarily with its main character Howard Ratner. The film is an incredibly interesting character study about a man who seems to choke on his greed, even though he lives an apparently good life. Adam Sandler's casting is really perfect. There are some roles where people say, "Nobody else than XY could have played this character!", but I rarely find that this statement really applies. Michael Keaton in "Birdman", for example, is one of those fitting roles. Sandler also fits Howard's role so brilliantly because on the one hand he has a charming side, but of course his long list of terrible films also despises many. This is exactly what his figure fulfills. Other than that, it's wonderful to see Sandler acting passionate again. He plays a character that is multifaceted, has fears but also goals. All these things are noticeable and understandable. You also see an optical transformation with him. A great achievement by Sandler and a shame that he wasn't nominated for an Oscar. A sentence that I would have thought would be impossible a year ago.<br/><br/>But you can't ignore the rest of the cast here. Julia Fox is here in her debut-film and she is really good, as is Kevin Garnett, who plays himself. Idina Menzel is also in the film and really great. She should be known for her song version of "Let it go" from "Frozen".<br/><br/>What the two directors also continue to master is the story and the insane presentation. The film has an almost continuous drive, is sometimes completely hectic in its dialogues, but never feels annoying or uncoordinated. The Safdie brothers wanted to show Howard's hectic and exhausting life, not just internally but externally as well. Dialogues overlap, people shout at each other, try to make their points, but rarely make it. Money and fear rule below.<br/><br/>Darius Khondji shows a shaky but never unfocused camera work. The Cinematography also seems to be moving with Howard. There is also a very colorless and cool look in the movie, which is really fitting.<br/><br/>One last mention for Daniel Lopatin's great soundtrack: Electric, driving, sometimes even choral. An unusual but surprisingly harmonious composition that is also used very cleverly and unconventionally.<br/><br/>Conclusion: "Uncut Gems" is a true jewel in itself! Adam Sandler gives an amazing performance and the direction is great too. A film in which everything feels somehow right. Absolute recommendation! This is the one movie that actually made me feel stressed out. Just take a seat and watch. This movie does something to you. It's intence, exiting, interesting, point on the seat kind of stuff. Don't watch it if you are up for steady camera angles. The movie lets u ride with Sandler most of the time so a lot of motion. I think that helped in a way that it's almost that your involved yourself. Brilliant movie, a must watch. Breaking out with 2017 effort Good Time, directing duo Benny and Josh Safdie quickly became one of the most talked about up and coming filmmaking prospects in Hollywood, with their Robert Pattinson starring thriller showcasing a knack the brothers had for crafting a frenetic thriller filled with abundant energy and visuals, that if refined further, could create something truly special.<br/><br/>Fast forward to the now and that promise has indeed come to fruition with Uncut Gems, one of the most insanely tense and energetic offerings to come our way in the last few years, as the brothers employment of the perhaps never better Adam Sandler as Jewish New York based jeweler Howard Ratner takes us on a unique and inspired ride through the Big Apple's diamond district, in what is an unpredictable and gripping affair that is deserving of the hype it has generated.<br/><br/>It's hard to put into words just how sweat inducing and hold your breath like Uncut Gems is to the uninitiated, as scenes such as Ratner yelling at a basketball game or fixing a broken automatic door don't sound like the staples of thrilling movie viewing but under the guidance of the Safdie brothers and delivered by Sandler, these such scenarios all combine to ensure that this dialogue heavy offering refuses to let us catch a break across its two hour plus runtime.<br/><br/>Built around some brilliantly realised sound design, often creating the feeling that we are listen to two or three conversations at once but never confused as to what we are hearing, some breakneck editing courtesy of Ronald Bronstein and Benny Safdie, in your face cinematography by famed D.O.P Darius Khondji and one of the previous year's best musical scores by Daniel Lopatin, Uncut Gems is the full package that has been conjured up by the clear and singular vision of its talented creators.<br/><br/>All this magic behind the scenes would've mattered for little had the Safdie siblings not been able to get the right people involved to enact out their vision in front of the camera but alongside side players like Lakeith Stanfield, Idina Menzel, NBA legend Kevin Garnett (playing himself!) newcomer Julia Fox, the Safdie brothers struck gold when they secured Sandler as Howard, a role it feels as though he was born to play.<br/><br/>Ratner is one of the most fascinating cinematic creations of recent memories, a not very likable self-serving businessman who is at all times placing himself first above all others including friends, family and mistress, he feels both entirely different to the persona Sandler has developed over decades in Hollywood but also one that perfectly suits his loud-mouth and quick talking repertoire, that see's the often misunderstood and lazy comedian/actor finally stretching his ability to what has now become universally praised results.<br/><br/>In almost every scene of this expletive-laden exercise, Sandler is utterly convincing throughout the Safdie brothers exercise, managing in the process too get us to root for Howard as his life threatens to de-rail around building financial debts and the recent possession of a potentially magical rock filled with Ethiopian gems.<br/><br/>It's unlikely we will ever see Sandler again find a role that fits him so perfectly, with it a shame the Academy Award members overlooked his impressive turn in the Best Acting category at the 2020 Oscars, a field he well and truly deserved to be a part of.<br/><br/>Final Say -<br/><br/>While there's certain plot developments and occurrences that might not stand up to intense scrutiny, Uncut Gems is a undeniable energy rush of a feature film, that is both a thrilling exercise in extended tension building and a stunning showcase for the rarely seen ability of Sandler, who has never been better than he is here.<br/><br/>4  Furby necklaces out of 5 Adam Sandler turns in his once a decade mesmeric performance. Here he's a smorgasbord of bitter ego, navet, and impotent rage. He's plays with us - empathy, disgust and pity in the breakneck tale.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems follows a downward spiral of self-made disaster. The plot is almost laughable. An arrogant belief that there's no situation he can't talk himself out of (or into) is the driver.<br/><br/>The movie paints modern life as illusionary, where a busy life is a successful one and the gamble always pays off. It's an almost punishingly chaotic film, though each line of overlapping dialogue and jittery camera move is carefully orchestrated. This is a 21st century fairytale sponsored by capitalism - mystical highs followed by crushing blows, and always a devastating price to pay. This film is just insane. If you expect an action movie that entertains you and your family, you're definitely not on the right path. It is fast, intense, many people talk at once without listening to each other and there is a good chance your brain will explode at some point.<br/><br/>I had to take a break in the middle for how intense it was getting; it gave me tachycardia and anxiety. Maybe it sounds exaggerated, but it is exactly how I felt. For some this may be a downside, but I honestly think that very few movies are so powerful that your feelings are not limited to a genuine laugh or a little tear anymore. Screenplay and cinematography together make you share those feelings with the protagonist even when he doesn't explicitly express them through words, dragging you into a climax of suspense and engaging you more and more as the minutes pass.<br/><br/>This is not a movie that can be appreciated by everyone though. If you don't usually like or understand the concepts behind independent cinema, this film might not be for you. It is not something you'd just watch on a Friday night with friends, snacking on pop corns and drinking Pepsi like you would perhaps do with many other Adam Sandler's movies.<br/><br/>[PS. If English is not your first language - like in my case - but you still want to watch it with original audio because the cast is amazing and the acting is so damn good, it will take much more concentration than you expect, even using subtitles. Although in my opinion it's totally worth it.] A ridiculously tense movie, and definitely Sandler's best. If I was Ratner, I'd have had several heart attacks during the gamut he'd run. Terrifying and genuinely engrossing, Sandler's portrayal is brilliant. I was grinding my teeth to dust whilst watching, just hoping he'd win at some point. Excellent stuff. And the award for the Most Annoying Film Score goes to: Uncut Gems<br/><br/>(Standing ovation) You have been warned. If you want to see a movie that is complete utter chaos, look no further. If a sleazy jeweler's scammy life interests you, please waste your money. If I hadn't been with a few people, I would have walked out within the first quarter of the movie. The constant yelling, chaos, distractions, pointless scenes and music left my blood boiling throughout the entire movie. This is not brilliance, this is toxicity. The fact that this type of psychotic vision inspires people to produce movies like this makes me question. If I could take back those two hours of my life I would in a heart beat. Uncut Gems is beautiful chaos, stress-inducing, anxiety triggering manic chaos, I'm still catching my breath from watching it, there isn't one dull second in this film, it's fast-paced storytelling with endless charm and authenticity.
Let's talk about the essence of this film, Adam Sandler materializes Howard Ratner with all his baggage, the bad and the good, he embodies this character and brings it to life, I'm really tempted to call this his best work to date, it's a big claim but it deserves it, "Punch Drunk Love" was something else but this is just breathtaking, honestly, it just wows.
The Safdies brothers really went for it with "Uncut Gems", their acid-infused filmmaking is on full display yet again, they shaped the narrative near damn flawlessly and gave Sandler a fantastic story to work with.
A power trip that will play with your primal senses, that's the best way to describe it, absolutely great. First, the cheasy electronic 60s instrumental music that is as loud as the voices really annoyed me. Very irritating, and I need to ask, why? The film is fast paced with frantic conversations with people talking over each other, which although relentless, maybe helps to portray the gambling addicted adrenalin junky of a jeweller. Also, he start and end has some pointless CGI of travelling into a jem, up a colon and into a wound. Again, why? Possibly to give a 60s feel, but the film isn't set in the 60s, it's modern.<br/><br/>The ending was good, somewhat fulfilling if you're not the type that wants a 100% happy ending. None of the characters are particularly likeable, but Sandler, wife and girlfriend were good actors. I also thought the story interesting and gripping? Note, this is a serious role for Sandler and there is no comedy. But overall I felt it was a good film spoilt by the music track, weird CGI and not having some better development of the love attachment. Original, yes; genius, no.<br/><br/>Should you watch it? Well, it's just for adults who are interested in the problems of rich gambling addict and can overcome some of the production choices. But yeh, try it, it's ok. For a simple comparison, first:<br/><br/>The new Star Wars took well over a day to reach 76k votes in a reddit movie sub (this was the highest rated link I saw from reddit).<br/><br/>Uncut Gems, in just 13 hours, reached over 85k votes in r/showerthoughts , lmao. Anyone who knows reddit, knows that isn't a movie sub at all. The poster was obviously a bought stooge with maybe 1 previous post. The post for the movie is gone now after what I'm sure was plenty of reports to admins over spam. Sadly many mods get bought at reddit. And the ones at showerthoughts must be some of the most shameless ones I have ever seen for the whole bunch to allow this.<br/><br/>Love or hate them, hardly any movies get a bigger buzz than from the Star Wars franchise.<br/><br/>Looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are good it's a f'ing duck. This movie has been buying votes every single place possible. Shameless.<br/><br/>I gave this p.o.s. 2 stars, bc I did actually finish it. I kept waiting for all this scheming that Sandler's character was supposedly capable of. I kept thinking there must be something here to make this time worthwhile....<br/><br/>There f'ing wasn't....Don't waste your time, unless you have some weird fetish for Sandler doing his old man voice, d'ed near non-stop for over 2hrs. Otherwise, stay far away. Not even worth a watch for laughing at bc of his horribly loud, continuous, whiny, annoying voice.<br/><br/>For attempting to buy all these votes, I will be staying away from any movies from Sandler or the directors. Ya'll sad pricks can't even fail with dignity, smh. Josh and Benny Safdie. If you don't know their names already, you better start knowing them now. Their catalogue of films at this moment seem on paper to be typical of arthouse cinema, but are so kinetic, intense, gritty, rugged and down-to-earth that they transcend into pure crowd pleasing theater-going experiences. When people talk about their films, they get excited. If the rest of them are anything like Uncut Gems, they should be. 2019 has arguably been the best year for movies in more than a decade and I have a lot of favorites to choose from, but when I look back, Uncut Gems will stick straight out in my mind at the very top of my list. I knew as I left that this was an experience I'd never forget. A 2-hour coke-fueled, heart attack of a motion picture that leaves you horrified, confused and thrilled. Uncut Gems, simply put, is a street masterpiece.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is Howard Ratner. A New York City diamond merchant, and a putrid degenerate gambler. Immediately as we're introduced to him, he makes you incredibly uncomfortable. He's a man devoured by the prospect of winning big money. He's compromised his entire family life for sports betting and hookers. He's up to his eyeballs in debt, constantly being chased around by scumbag loan-sharks. He speaks a million miles per minute, preening in fake confidence, yet his facial expressions throughout scream of "kill me now". But Howard's luck makes a major turn around, so we think, when he receives a special delivery from Ethiopia. That being, a large, sparkling uncut opal worth no less than a million dollars. Howard has hit the jackpot. It just so happens that on the same day, NBA Superstar Kevin Garnett stops by the store to buy some rocks for the big game. Kevin sets his eye on the opal, and much to Howards chegrin, he wants to borrow it for good luck. Howard agrees, so long as Kevin allows him to borrow his championship ring in return. An exchange is made, and instead of leaving it alone from there, Howard pawns off the championship ring in order to pay the loan sharks his gambling debts.<br/><br/>From there on out, it's a cluster bomb of chaos. Howard's degeneracy is on full display and seems never ending. You sit back in your chair and watch a man dig himself into a hole. Just when you think he's hit bottom, he continues digging himself even deeper. Howard keeps narrowly escaping bankruptcy and certain death, only to make another stupid bet, which ultimately screws him up even more than before. What's fascinating is how some people who've seen this film feel bad for Howard, as if he's just sick. God help me, I couldn't. He's an unlikeable moron and a terrible person. Does that make the film unwatchable? Hell no. The exact opposite. This is a descent into a morbid abyss that is exhilarating. I can sleep like a baby after having watched this. Whatever daily stress you have in your life, you can be sure it can't be as bad as a day in the life of Howard Ratner. Call it schadenfreude if you want. I call it a damn good movie.<br/><br/>The direction at the hands of the Safdie Bros. is the key component of what makes Uncut Gems such an incredible watch. It has the nerve smashing intensity of Grand Theft Auto and the kinetic energy of a music video, with few winks to the cinematic structure and themes of 70's classics like Mean Streets and The Gambler. It all engrosses the audience into their world, as nasty as it can get, and boy is it nasty here. Not to mention, incredibly stressful. Think of Requiem for a Dream, and how it felt the first time you watched it. Uncut Gems has that same magic. The second component, not be forgotten, is Adam Sandler. Could it be his best role to date? Not sure, but I'm afraid Barry Egan has some serious competition. Once again, when Sandler takes a break from dumb-guy humor and hunkers down with a good script and a great character to explore, he is truly one of the finest actors out there. He's simply unstoppable as Howard. You can't keep your eyes off of him. You could certainly credit his comedic chops as to how well Sandler can play a psychopath. Be careful how badly you try running him down. Please, don't underestimate him. Ugh. Again I let reviews sway me, and went, expecting something great. It's so far from it that I can scarcely imagine why so many people love it. It was boring, shot poorly (almost like someone with a video camera was just walking around...it made me dizzy at times), full of characters that were unpleasant and horrid, predictable, and violent. I don't see why people are raving about the acting, either...it was good, but not better than any other movie. The one and only redeeming quality to the movie was that it was nice to see Adam Sandler in something different, far from his normal genre. Noise, noise, yelling, noise. This movie was a loud, chaotic, and disorganized mess.
I tuned out after a while because it felt like I was in the middle of an argument and know that person will never hear you. He was spiraling down, deeper into a hole and you never got the impression he thought he had anything to lose.
From the workers digging for diamonds, to this so called relationship he had with fixing NBA games, it was unrealistic.
The only peace was when they shot him in the head and he stopped yelling. This movie is a 5 or 6 at best. Sandler tries so hard but not even in this role can I give him credit. The last scene was the only redeeming part. People rating this movie an 8 or 9 or totally whack. What the hell have you watched to rate this an 8 or 9? Maybe branch out beyond just Netflix? 2/10 - this is that movie that everyone pretends to like to seem cultured and sophisticated, but is actually a total dud - it is devoid of any true meaningful plot, pacing, likable characters, or halfway decent writing All the yelling got me really bored and thinking... Why am I spending my time on this? Sandler, sorry but your yelling is quite disturbing man. I prefer the comedy version of you. Also, all the action goes quite fast. From the beginning we know how the movie ends. Poor characters. I didn't enjoy it. If you want to experience a film full of noise, yelling with wild and stressful scenes, you might enyoing watching this one. Adam Sandler is doing a tremendous work of acting here, yet it is a stressful movie consisting of dramatic framing and quick-shifting scenes. This is a bit disturbing. But again, it is the directors touch. Either you like it or not. Well I like or used to like gangsta films so this could have been a treat. No, somehow it was not. ..this was too long... perhaps this could have passed for a comedy. The acting was ok but everything was nervous and the music sounded pretty weird, loud and contrasting to the expectations. Like the disco sound when the main fella was checking up the gaff which was left actually empty... one would expect a party or a soiled flat. Interestingly, with the exception of the almost faithful lover there were no likeable roles, all the people were nasty.show offs  each other. The neurotic nature of the film was put on ease in the second half where there was an auction and betting. I have heard positive reviews about Adam Sandler's acting in Uncut Gems, but I was so used to him being in comedies, I did not know what to expect. Furthermore, the trailer did not give away anything, and it did not seem that interesting. However, this movie gently pulls you into the story, and you cannot help but root for Sandler's character. You know he is not honest, but you want him to succeed, even though he lies his way through. Considering how different his character in Uncut Gems is from his goofy persona in his comedies, I would say it demonstrates his acting range. The movie is very focused on Sandler's character, and Sandler pulls it off naturally. Every minute, we worry something will happen to him, as it usually does, and we sigh with relief when we find him get to catch some breath. Unlike other thrillers, Uncut Gems provides a low key, slow burn thrill that keeps you on edge till the very final moments. A plus, it features the most riveting TV basketball match shown inside a movie; and I am not a sports fan. But never have I been so keen on a basketball match as watching the match featured in the movie. In fact, this movie is so different from other movies, it feels refreshing to watch. By far Adam Sandlers best, intense throughout, and a very thought provoking ending. I love to see him deviate from the slapstick comedy and actually shine in a movie like this. The chaotic life of the protagonist is felt so strongly by the viewer that I had to pause the movie a few times to get my bearings. I was on the edge of my seat for the whole 2 hours. I would say Adam Sandler is one of the worst actors I have ever seen .
But I must say , this movie really represents the true meaning of having everything but feeling completely empty .
The movie really takes you back to the early years of 2010 .
Immersive feeling of seeing stuff that what worth a lot of money back in the days but is pretty worthless toady .
This is a strong movie with strong ideas and I must say that Adam delivers. Damn it was good.<br/><br/>-Apparently that was too short of a review-<br/><br/>It's loud , hectic and sometimes dumb but I felt as tho I was going through life with Howard Ratner(Adam Sandler). Whoa. I hate Adam Sandler comedies, but this is something different. This role suits him more than the goofy cheap-ass 90's 'comedies'. I found the story to an original hustling movie, that turns darker as it progresses. The movie is well over 2 hours, but they could've easily made it 3, although I doubt your nerves could handle that stretch. It's very tense but extremely entertaining and very recommended! I don't usually write reviews, but I'm taking the time out now because I genuinely feel as if this film is being misrepresented. The hype got me in the door and now I'm bewildered to see it referred to as "brilliant" or "suspenseful."<br/><br/>What we have here is Sandler playing a totally unlikable character in a movie full of unlikable characters, and because he is such a sleazeball, he deserves whatever misfortune that comes his way. Because the guy has no redeemable qualities, the audience is basically waiting for his bad luck to catch up to him and for him to "get his." I don't know where all the tension and suspense is supposed to come from when the guy continually makes bad decisions that are all begging for a bad outcome.<br/><br/>And Sandler's character is so closely related to the kind of dirtbags that he's played in the past that I don't see what's so special about his acting job here. In fact, the character itself is so one-dimensional and bordering on cartoony that it feels as if Sandler isn't acting at all. Sleaze comes naturally for him here, but there's absolutely nothing else to latch onto.<br/><br/>The only time a real development happens is towards the end, after spending an hour and a half with this clown playing with other people's money. The hype is undeserved and clearly a push campaign by Sandler's people to get him an Oscar. After hearing and seeing overwhelming positive reviews from critics and general audience, and seeing as it has garnished many award nominations. Finally watching this film as it has been released on Netflix. And it has matched and succeeded expectations.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is not a film for everyone and not exactly a mainstream film. What makes this film great is it had a great rare feel about it, and the dialogue is very heavy (a lot of cursing but it does feel quite authentic). This is also not an Adam Sandler movie (not his Happy Madison production film) but he delivers one of his best performances of his career.<br/><br/>The pacing of this movie is also very smooth. For a film over two hours ten minutes, it is generally entertaining throughout. The storyline is intriguing and Sandler's character is highly entertaining. Though slightly predictable as we venture towards the ending, its more about the journey of it all.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is a rare film and deserves all the success it has received. The Safdie brothers have put the industry on notice with this, and not undoubtedly gained a lot of new fans. More films Uncut Gems is welcomed. This movie emits so much stress I felt was close to a heart attack. I thought this movie was fantastic. Very surprised to see so many 1/10 and 2/10 star reviews. For people complaining about the loudness of the movie, throw on some ear muffs or something. Thought it was done really well. Story was good and Adam Sandler was great. Wow, what a ride. This wasn't the unbearable anxiety-fest that some are claiming, but it sure does invoke a lot of uneasiness throughout. The Safdie Brothers take you on a mesmerizing journey in the life of a gambling-addicted man in the Diamond District. Hopefully this puts to bed the idea that Adam Sandler isn't a good actor. He displays his incredible versatility and gives the performance of his career. I really loved the synth score used throughout and it greatly heightens the intensity at key moments. Uncut Gems is a shocking and stressful tour de force that is worthy of the praise heaped upon it. As other reviewers stated, Adam Sandler brought it with his acting but it's not enough to make this collage of scenes and weird background music into a decent film. I'm glad I watched it until the end as it bumped from a 3 to a 4 for me, but it still isn't worth a second watch. All of it was so far fetched, from Sandler fighting The Wknd to Kevin Garnett as a major character this movie made zero sense. Music sometimes distracting
Acting great
Not many familiar faces
Great use of timely culture
Chest tightening
Sandler delivers
Writing 
Needed a breather at the end of act 1<br/><br/>I'm not interested in basketball as a sport, but I was beyond invested<br/><br/>Snubbed for original screenplay over knives out or 1917 and sandlers acting over Jonathan pryce<br/><br/>Not the classic story of greed is bad, more over addiction and seduction/temptation and perspective<br/><br/>Safdies echo Scorsese and fincher without becoming derivative<br/><br/>No ordinary sandler movie<br/><br/>Interesting and unique cinematography, with some excellent choices being made Uncut Gems has been described as a dark comedy crime drama. Nope. No comedy. All drama. Mostly, it's a bunch of unpleasant characters yelling at each other.<br/><br/>I'll give the Safdie brothers credit, they aren't just rehashing the same tired tropes. Their earlier feature film Good Time (2017) was also a frenetic, anxiety-inducing drama, but compared to the stress-levels in Gems, Good TIme was downright zen.<br/><br/>On the plus side: the acting is quite good and believable. Adam Sandler gives a masterful performance as a down-on-his-luck New York diamond dealer. Still, Sandler's Howard Ratner is such an unlikable character, it's hard to gin up any compassion for him or his troubles. Supporting cast is likewise very good, but unlikable. By the conclusion of the movie, I was tepidly rooting for Howard, but mostly I was just ready for the film to end, one way or another. At first I didn't get the point of the movie, and at some point I almost stopped watching it. About 1 hour in I got it - this movie is very real.
It tells the story of gambling addicts, and in my view it did it pretty good.<br/><br/>The movie is kind of slow, but you can almost feel present while watching it. I wouldn't recommend watching it for enjoyment, but you should watch it if you're in a mood for a unique experience. I hope it makes sense. The first thing that really jumps out about this movie is the phenomenal performance from Adam Sandler. I am a big fan of Sandler's older comedies: Waterboy, Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, etc., but he hasn't been in a decent movie in a long time. Until now.<br/><br/>In Uncut Gems, Sandler completely disappears into his character. You truly believe that he is this impulsive, conniving diamond dealer. I think this performance is given a bit more credit than it deserves due to the fact that no one expected anything halfway decent from Sandler at this point in his career. I don't agree that he was an "oscar snub" for best actor. There were a few scenes when his character cries or gets emotional that didn't ring completely true to me. Despite this, this is a phenomenal performance by Sandler and I hope it is a sign of things to come.<br/><br/>The movie itself is a fast paced whirlwind of stress and excitement. The Safdie brother's do a great job of letting the audience experience the manic highs and lows that Sandler's character himself is experiencing. I found the experience of spending a day in the life of a wheeling and dealing jewel salesman highly entertaining. As a slice of life movie this movie is a great success. Sandler's character is very compelling and I found myself rooting for him even though he is a bit of a scumbag. Would recommend 8/10 It's hard for me to relate with a movie where I hate it's characters, yet this movie manages to do just that by building a sense of claustrophobia and stress that I absolutely loved. It's tense, gritty and mesmerizing. And why can't Adam Sandler do more movies like this? Every time he tries a serious role he is just wonderful. This movie has extremely mixed reviews. If you watch the movie you'll instantly understand why. This movie is insane! It's so fast paced that it makes you want to vomit! So repulsive and foul mouthed that it can give you headache. The movie will NOT give you a break. It's constant talking, screaming, cursing, violence, something is always happening to the protagonist, who by the way is a very bad person. I like how flawed everyone is in this movie. I like the abrasive soundtrack. I like the cinematography. I love Adam Sandlers performance. I like the violent ending that brings everything to a halt. The thing is, it's perfectly normal for anyone to completely dislike this. The movie is made to stress you out and confuse you. If you're into that experience you'll love it. If not, you will absolutely hate it. I liked this movie a lot despite it stressing me out as much as it did. Solid 8/10 from me, but keep in mind this is one of the most subjective movies out there. I got to watch this and "Richard Jewell" back to back (thanks to lock down) and I don't think I could have asked for 2 better movies.<br/><br/>What's interesting is both of the titles feature a protagonist that is unlikable, and doesn't have any redeeming qualities, however you end of rooting for them. In "Uncut Gems" there's times you'll hate Howard, and other times you'll shrug and say "you got what you deserved." Even Adam Sandler (as likable as he is) can't make you care about him.<br/><br/>Leading into the third act, something changes. He makes a link between himself and Kevin Garnett (who also isn't a very admirable character in the movie) and for some reason, you root for them (mostly because all the other characters are just as bad as Howard (strangely with more relaiable motives) so maybe you're choosing between the lesser of 2 evils or you're pitying Howard . But it's not that you want him to win, you just don't want him to lose anymore...even if he deserves it.<br/><br/>Overall, it's very stylized and a ton of profanity. I guess it's realistic, I'm not too familiar with that world. It does feel like you go a long way to come right back to where you started. But the directors keep your interest, they explore some very complex relationships and overall it's a well made film. A little art house in the conclusion, but I think it's a great watch. If you're like me and was previously judgemental about this movie because it involves Adam Sandler: watch it. I was surprised that I not only enjoyed the film but also his performance as well. The movie also may seem lengthy but, for me at least, it went by pretty quickly: things are always happening. Would definitely recommend. Honestly a little tired watching this film. this film is very loud. and honestly in my opinion is not too special. Adam Sandler is very suitable as a Jewish role. this movie is not too good, but it's not bad either .. it's not bad Great movie. Its greatest strength, in my opinion, is the conflict. It is constant, it is non-stop. This gives the audience a movie with a fantastic pace, where things never get dull. The writers did a great job crafting the different sources of conflict (all of which happen because of the protagonist's flaw): Howard's interpersonal relationships with his family, ex wife and girlfriend, all of the people he owes money: Arlo, Kevin Garnet, the place where he places his bets, the pawn shop, the auction, etc.<br/><br/>The movie also dares to be surprising, especially at the end when the protagonist is suddenly killed. This brave choice works good in my opinion and fits the story and the character.<br/><br/>Overall, a greatly crafted movie. I hope Adam Sandler keep this line, great performance, I never imagined this movie would be so nice, dense, solid, stressing, I really like it Parasite fans will like this, Endgame fans will hate it. I might have enjoyed the former more but big fans of the latter will probably disenjoy this film because it requires an emotional palette and attention span larger than watching Iron Man snap his fingers and die in 30 seconds after he had been built up as the second man for 16 collective hours. People call this film messy but hail the convoluted time travel/galactic battle/funeral nonsense of Endgame as a cinematic masterpiece. This movie may have come across as sloppy or unintentional, but it was very concise and intentional. Every moment of the film was very deliberate. His gambling issues were established, his relationship with Arno and Julia and their complicated situation where Arno's men are making movies against his will (how he seems uncomfortable in his first scene), how Demany seems interested in Howard's goods, how they reference Mohegan Sun earlier in the film. This film doesn't mislead, but it makes you question the intention of every interaction, up to the final scenes. The writing matches the acting in that it is not overstated but acted very in tune with each character. The relationship between Julia and Howard is as sincere as the relationship between the plot and the gem. A complicated but honest and dedicated relationship. As is the soundtrack, raw and uncut but immensely beautiful. The progression feels inconsequential because it is consistently overwhelming, but each interaction between the conflict and the protagonist are progressively extreme. It is a forceful effort of acting, writing, and directing that results in a product of powerful and turbulent cacophony. It's neither for the weak stomached or the light of heart, but appreciating this films is a big step forward from considering Endgame a masterpiece. This is a full throttle, fun on movie that I watched in 2 x halves over 2 x nights. It might have been too much to take on in one sitting!<br/><br/>The energy is so overclocked that it almost creates a genre of film directing on its own.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is amazing. For me, I knew that this was going to be interesting when I saw Sandler's gold framed spectacles, just something about them.<br/><br/>The story is simple but conpelling. The other actors also provided great performances!<br/><br/>Good job. Certainly not the norm for Adam Sandler but I though he did really well. He was crazy and tragic and desperate and driven in each breath. The movie built great tension. Some supporting crew a bit average but Sandler was awesome Uncut Gems is one of those films when you watch it, you feel unconfident about all that's going to happen. It's a very original story, directed by visionary directors - and starring a FANTASTIC Adam Sandler. It is so intense to watch: emotional and thrilling at the same time, and that's what I love in films, when they can bring those weird sensations into your body. The ending is just WTF? (But in a positive way). It was shocking and so sad at the same time. I didn't expect it at all. I also love when movies make you ask questions at the end of it, and Uncut Gems did that. It's a pure gem for me, of course, sometimes there was some little holes in the plot, but they were needed to calm down the audience a little bit.
PS: The Soundtrack and original music is INSANE What an excellent film, I loved it. Fantastic performance by Adam Sandler. What an ending!! Horrible sound track from a syfi film from the 80s.
This film need to be watched with the volume low.
Great acting, but just too much going on at one time. They have all deserved it!
It is a GREAT movie,<br/><br/>I loved it from start to finish - especially the song they chose for the final
credits.<br/><br/>(You have to see the whole movie, for the song to make the same impact, that it did to me - and hopefully it will do)<br/><br/>Enjoy this little "gem" of a movie.<br/><br/>(Also check out "Reign Over Me" (2007) - If you don't think that Sandler can't handle anything else than comedies)<br/><br/>Again<br/><br/>Enjoy<br/><br/>Review Complete. Nervous energy through out. Loved every second of it.
For me personally eclipsed The Irishman and Once upon a time in Hollywood with both the acting and the storytelling. Adam Sandlers acting was better than all leads and supporting actors in all the big nominations for awards this year!!!<br/><br/>Fantastic ...mixed emotions, incredible twist at the end, but it felt incomplete!!!... Not a real Sandler's fan, but boy there is no minute you don't feel the rush of what's going to happen on the next minute... This freaking movie is stressful to watch from start to end, but is good. I read some poor reviews after watching this and I think they are a bit harsh. I like watching films that elicit some sort of emotion and a lot of the negative reviews talk about how this is a mess and chaotic. I see that as the point of the movie. To show what a mess the main characters life is. Yes there is a lot of yelling but that added to the stress and I barely moved for the whole show waiting to see what he would screw up next. I watched it on Netflix late at night so I maybe had a different experience than someone at a cinema/film festival in a loud room. I imagine it could be annoying if the volume was up and you couldn't control it but that wasn't an issue for me.
I have to say I was captivated by the intensity and stress of the constant juggling by Adam Sandler's character and I barely moved for the whole show but I do have patience. I guess it's not for everyone and I think 'blockbuster' people won't like it but it clearly pushes people's buttons and is not a superhero flick so how is that a bad thing when so many movies are just trying to be the biggest explosive CGI hit of the season?
I enjoyed the film it for it's difference and I think watching it in your own lounge room might be the best way to deal with it. Ps. This is my first review so that should say something as to what this movie brings out in people. Just turn the volume down, have a few drinks and give it a go. When you create something this demanding, you need to have a very good plan. I begun to watch this and thought to myself; "nope, this will not work". But it kinda did. Not as well as it could, but...<br/><br/>Pusher (1996), was the first movie (at least for me) with this kind of headache developing pace in a chaotic cloud of misfortune. I guess it's difficult to come up to that kind of level when you're not first.<br/><br/>Anyways, it's worth a watch if you're into cinema. If you like money-making-movies like Avengers and Spiderman, then you can probably skip this one. First of all, I am not a big fan of Adam Sandler's movies, but this is probably by far his best performance. Second, the movie is quite good and interesting. Third, the acting from Kevin Garnett and supporting actors is acceptable and enjoyable. On the other hand, the soundtrack does not match with this movie. Some 80's hits played in a 2012 ambiance, really?...And what about Gigi Dagostino song on the final credits?... I didn't like it. To add something negative, everybody in this movie is yelling instead talking. Really annoying.
So, overall a good thriller but a wasted opportunity to create a masterpiece because mostly because the fraky sound editing. Wow. I can't believe all the 1's. Strap in, this film is non-stop pressure ride. If you can't handle being anxious or uncomfortable maybe this might not be for you. Sandler's character, Howard Ratner, is a natural born hustler. Clever, driven, wound tight and a little too passionate. He's often a little too smart for his own good. You can't help but hope that some of his schemes will work but a lot of external events or just plain bad luck constantly trip him up. I found myself thinking about it a lot the next day. Definitely one of the best films of 2019. PS-I'm generally not a fan of Adam Sandler. This is totally different than any of his comedies. A 2 hour anxiety attack with a gripping and heart breaking plot. Acting great all around even from the numerous non actors that made appearances. This film is nothing like any of the other movies Adam Sandler has done before. It was edge of your seat action packed and has a wild plot twist in the end of the movie. It is one of the movies that you only need to watch it once to remember every moment and detail of the film. Had no idea it was going to be so in your face and large, with a missmatched sound score. Sandler is a turnoff for any other film I have see him in so this was a SHOCK! what a performance that just IS the part to a tee.
However as a story there is a bad ending that they will be talking about in physoligy classes for years. A glass scratching, finger crunching film that has so bad in lots of ways and yet so fast thrilling in others.
some will hate it, some will tolerate it, very few will like it. But as a story of truth about addiction and the end result that everyone ignores it does tell the truth. In winning you actually lose. Adam Sandler was excellent in this movie. The entire time it kept you thinking how else is he going to mess up. The ending was unexpected. Its definitely a good watch. By far Adam Sandlers best. The Safdie brothers really know how to make a movie. It's a non stop, frantic ride. I'd read good things about the film and had no doubt that these things would be true but regardless i was not prepared for this film. I opted to have the lights off and volume on loud and my god did i make a good choice. This film literally took me away for 2 hours straight, my mind didn't wonder once, i was fully invested in this movie without once having to make the conscious decision to do so. The film is chaotic, loud, stressful, intense, beautiful to look at and even funny at times. I don't give 10 stars very often but this ticked all of the boxes 10 times over. Most engaging film i've seen in years. Just finished watching this noisy movie! Sandler might land an Oscar for this! What a show! Too loud for a movie but a total thrill throughout. Couldn't get better! Worth a watch! Thumbs up to Sandler and hope at least this gets nominated for oscars! This movie is an absolute gem. It is
nerves wrecking, up-tempo and fabulous acted by Sandler, who I always despised for his terrible choice of movies.<br/><br/>This movie is a roller-coaster ride with a non stop thrill, loved it! After sitting through 2 hours of what can only be described as a gritty, anxiety filled, adrenaline ridden performance from Sandler, I have finally calmed down enough to concur what has already been written about Uncut Gems.<br/><br/>This film is not for everybody. My partner had lost interest in Sandler's portrayal of Howard by the hour mark. She hated him. She loved the supporting cast and not Howard. She hated the dialog and the constant persistence of f'bombs and everyone shouting over each other like a primary school lunch.<br/><br/>Much like The Wolf of Wall Street, you're rooting for an anti-hero as Belfort pillages his way through debauchery, money and fraud to the point where you just think "you got it coming".<br/><br/>With Uncut Gems, you're glued to your screen watching Howard crash his way from one bad decision to another. Every choice he makes is a bad one; but the difference is the pay off has so much more meaning than Wolf of Wall Street.<br/><br/>And that's the point of Uncut Gems; it drip feeds you this poison where you're constantly asking for a vaccine, and you're asking yourself if you will ever be cured.<br/><br/>Sandler without doubt deserves the praise for this film, but the supporting cast equally deserve a mention.<br/><br/>As mentioned before, this film is not for everyone, but if you want to delve into the madness of Howard's quest, then you'll certainly need a rewarding shower afterwards. Wonderful performance by Adam Sandler, great story and probably the most stressful film I ever see. There's always someone arguing in the entire movie, made me anxious all the time Real acting, no cheese lines, pure entertainment at its best Afterwards I thought it was actually a pretty good movie but it was so stressful to watch and I don't think I've ever been this exhausted after a movie. The soundtrack and sound effect are ruining most of the scenes, they're also completely out of sync with the scenes, it all makes for a very bad viewer experience directly damaging the plot. What a beautiful performance!<br/><br/>Kind of a "adrenalinic" Tony Monana 'Coked up performance' that highlights the intensity and thrill of gambling addiction. A tad similar to that of 80' Drug Kingpin Tony Montana's scene in the end of Scarface. #uncutgems is a major go! I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. Calling it suspenseful would be an understatement. Great casting. Adam Sandler is just an unlucky swindler who you find yourself rooting for after many loses. Lovable loser would be the best way to describe his character. He's often know for comedy but ,does a fantastic job at blending those specific talents in this drama. The ending omg, the ending!!! It is a fun ride #movies #moviecritic Saw this film yesterday and I still can't stop thinking about it. Going for spoiler-free, but I will say that I wish more movies began and ended like this one. The entire film has moments that get pretty intense, but for the first and last 5 minutes, eyes bulged open, jaw on the floor, and I walked out of the theater feeling like I'd just left the circus or something.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is a cinematic legend best known for making us laugh. Several of Sandler's comedic classics are still some of my all-time favorite films. However, like the handful of other dramatic roles he took on, Sandler is on top of his game, and this film puts a bright light on his talents as an actor that can make us laugh and cry. The remaining cast surrounding Sandler really sell the anger, frustration and even pity for the actions of Howard Ratner, and you sometimes wonder who you should truly be rooting for.<br/><br/>I overheard a couple leaving the theater say it was hard to follow at times, and I understand. It is a longer film with a lot of information to remember about super chaotic situations, so it's easy to miss something. As someone with sensory issues, I also understand the people talking about the characters shouting and talking over each other a lot. I too found a few brief moments I was saying in my head "okay, lets move on now", but I think scenes that appear later make up for it.<br/><br/>Given some of the films Sandler's been apart of in recent years, it's nice to see him in a film with some effort again. This is also the first Safdie Brothers film I've seen and I applaud them and the crew around them. I think Uncut Gems is definitely worth checking out, and I'm looking forward to seeing it again. Very tense and sweaty film. Along with many other reviews I do agree that the film is loud. There is lots of shouting, loud music, folks speaking on top of everyone in sight but that is what made the film for me. I'm always saddened by 'street' films that use little profanity and the characters speak in turn. In this industry and setting the chaotic, shouting, profanity laced dialogue is true to the atmosphere. I have lived in it and worked in it. When films use this to add chaos and 'noise' it helps to put the viewer inside of the world being presented. I want my ears to hurt, I want to hear shouting, I want it to feel authentic. There are parts where luxury clothes are bought inside of the shop which added nice detail to the hustle aspect of Sandler and the world of luxury/jewelry/material in general. Anything of material value is bought and sold daily and in this specific business it helps to show details that allow the viewer to realize that it's about fast money, greed and finer things. Definitely over hyped. Very confusing plot, everybody screaming and some very bad acting (Sandler was a B+). They try to shove so many things in each scene that takes out any depth of the characters, making all of them unlikable. On top of everything the score and the soundtrack are horrible, it's in the wrong places, very loud and distasteful. I would sit this one out and wait for it on a streaming service. Not worth the ticket. I don't understand how anybody can like this.<br/><br/>It is just annoying stuff constantly. Stupid people acting stupidly in a manner that feels contrived and bizarre. Its deep and dark and hard to watch and so stressful but its a phenomenal experience and the acting was...I guess it real cause its spectacular and amazing and he got no Oscars nomination for his job cause its so simple...The Tragic Reputation for adam. 80s feeling on this one, very well made. Excellent performance by Sandler, a very fast ritm movie that shows the crazy fast life we are living in this days. Is also deep in the sense that nobody really knows whats inside others people minds yet this fast life give them not choice but to make fast decisions, usually not the best ones. 10/10. This movie is amazing. Nothing but tension all the way through. Great soundtrack and directing here too! Adam Sandler killed it This film makes high tempo and suspense an art form. It will take you on an emotional journey, take you up and down. You'll want it to end, but when it's over, you'll just want to be back in the moment. Only left with seats in the front row, which we should have passed on. It was too busy and too load for front row seats. We wanted to leave several times, but I kept hoping... It never did pay out for me or him.<br/><br/>I left needing a drink to relax from the whole experience. It irritated me, but I watched it to the end, like I do with most Adam Sandler movies and always go .. seen it once that's enough. I tried not to be a movie critic but after watching 'Snatch' nothing compares. But what do I know about Diamonds!'. .... and what do I know about Opals! That' Uncut Gem Movie is overrated! But worth watch only cause Adam plays a believable character. With all the positive reviews, I was expecting Oscar worthy performances here. The movie is just depressing and not worth the time spent watching it. I'm a huge Sandler fan and love his serious work, but this just wasn't compelling. THE GUY SITTING NEXT TO US IN THE THEATER SUMMED IT UP BEST: The last 15 minutes of the movie bring the rating up from a 2 to maybe a 5.
Frantic & loud, being a native NY'er I didn't mind the loud talking over one another. I did mind the fact that much of the talk made no sense. If you are a native NY'er you can probably add a star or two. You'll walk out exhausted, if you make it until the end. The soundtrack was just plain awful. The choices were made to add to the chaos, I'm sure. What was that noise, certainly not music or songs. Many walked out of theater, we haven't seen that before. SPANGLISH remains my favorite (and most under rated) Sandler movies. More like that please. Adam Sandler is in no way up to the role of Howard Ratner. Really terrible. His wife was my favorite character in the movie. Besides "Trainwreck", the take away feeling from this movie is sadness. What a mess. No character development. Nothing but frenetic activity. No time to breathe. Sandler is one dimensional. And some scenes simply make no sense. Hiding in the closet to surprise your mistress who was up to nothing.<br/><br/>We walked out so I have no idea how it ended. The whole stone gem thing along with letting Durant take it was just silly.<br/><br/>End of the day stay home and watch Elf over and over. I know Sandler told Howard Stern this was his best shot at the Golden Trophy. Ain't going to happen. This is one of the worst movies that I wasted my money on and I cannot believe the good reviews. If I had a dollar for all of the "F" bombs that were dropped I would be a millionaire. The stress level was elevated by this and the fact he was a complete idiotic character who cheated on his family not just his wife. I the REAL world he would have been chopped into a million little pieces about 20 minutes into the movie. He cheated on his wife, "friends" and "business partners". I could NOT wait until was over. And then there was the ending. Like I said, this would have happened 20 minutes into the movie and left MANY unaswered questions. oh and the music was confusing too. I say, booooo and two thumbs down. I gave 5 stars for Adam Sandler! He deserves 5/5. Brilliant acting by him but the story was just terrible and very unrealistic. Acting was very poor by other Actors in this film. It was just too as I say "wack", i watched this twice because I thought I was missing something, it was Adam Sandler that made this movie if it was another Actor this would have been terrible. Concluding Stupid plot stupid acting very good for Adam Sandler. I just saw Uncut Gems and found it overrated and annoying. Everyone was yelling at each other in overlapped dialogue where I couldn't tell what they were talking about sometimes. It's about a jeweler that owes money to all these people including gangsters that sell diamonds to him and he got this rock filled with diamonds from Africa that basketball player Kevin Garnett wants for over $175,000. The music was of no clear tone and felt way too high pitched. It definitely pulls you in, but not in the best intentions. Terrible soundtrack that runs through the film, terrible acting, Sandler is awful-all he does is shout! I didn't really understand what was going on as it wasn't written well, and the ending was abrupt and pointless.
2hrs of my life I'll never get back! I'm half way through this drivel. Nothing has happened except a few bad bets, lots of swearing and shouting. If you've seen Crank and Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels then this is a TERRIBLE cross between them. The last time I had a "half way through" moment was watching "spice world the movie" which was mildly worse than this. I might watch it to the end, but it is proper rubbish so far. It's very quick and intense movie, Sadafie brothers did an amazing job in this film, it will captivate you from the beginning to the end. Adam Sandler GREATEST performance! This film is fantastic it's edge of your seat good even when Adam is just doing everyday thinks like walking down the street or trying to open a door. Nuff said watch this film Adam is the man!! Was, is and alway will be. Truly a masterpiece !
Adam Sandler you are an artist. Iv been using this app for years but this film has made me get an account to write a review for this movie. Iv never watch such a high octane gripping film, Iv literally not left the edge of my seat. Adam sander who I find to be a good comedy actor but not a great deal else has totally shocked me with this performance, I hope he wins a truck load of awards because he deserves it all, and I can't believe I'm saying this but I'd nominate him for an Oscar. Unfortunately it just goes to prove you shouldn't believe the hype..<br/><br/>Watched the trailers, read the reviews and thought cool this should be good...<br/><br/>Then after watching I'm disappointed and wonder exactly what the critics saw, the story was limp everyone was shouting..<br/><br/>If this was a box office release it'd flop big time..<br/><br/>Shame.. Below Average movie. High ratings are for people that thought that Adam did a good job acting, rather than being funny, not for the simplistic movie it was. Poor simple story line. Great acting but Adam Sandler's character was to unlikable to root for and at some points painful to watch. The film was literately two hours of watching an a-hole that has a gambling problem. The ending was brilliant. If you want to see the best performance by Adam Sandler, this is your movie. Also wtf happened at the end. Amazing movie with incredible performances by everyone, not a 10 because I got anxious af during the movie. I wanted a win for Sandler's character and he finally caught a big win, with consequences of course. Reminded me of the film Gravity. Will keep you tense for the whole ride. Does making a movie where people yell at each other every minute of the movie get you an Oscar awards nomination? Adam Sandler seems to think so listening to him give interviews recently. I hated the constant yelling and the plot line was completely predictable. I really disliked this and nearly left halfway through. If you have always had a burning desire to see up Adam Sandler's rectum, if you love the sound of crunching celery, if you thrive off of stress alone, this movie may be for you. It's the most stressful and annoying film of all time. 3 couples walked out of the theater and almost everyone was relieved when Sandler got what was coming to him. This movie is AWFUL. I would watch Cats (2019) on a loop for 10 hours before EVER watching this again. Was so looking forward to seeing Adam Sandler in a drama. But this was over the top violence, profanity and frenetic. Almost walked out several times. If you are super, super bored, or if you really love Adam Sandler, or if you really love synthesizer soundtracks from cheesy 1960's sci-fi space movies, or if you really just love horribly made movies, this might do it for you.<br/><br/>As a film, as cinema, as a movie, this is without a doubt one of the top ten worst films ever made with an A-lister in a lead role. If this were a series, it'd be cancelled after one season.<br/><br/>There's literally no point to the story. None. It's a train wreck from beginning to end accompanied by a grating, completely out of place score, and with an ending that does nothing to resolve anything that transpired.<br/><br/>Aside from the fact that there is ZERO character arc with respect to the protagonist, he's extremely unlikeable. One could feel some sympathy or even empathy for the guy, but you can only hang in with a guy who never stops screwing up for only so long. In fact, one would have to wonder how in the world he ever managed to achieve so much in the first place.<br/><br/>My guess is Sandler knows the director or his family and agreed to do the film as a favor since really, he doesn't need the money and it's not like making another awful film is going to hurt his reputation. Adam Sandler is a blessing in a very, very good disguise. We know him for his lower-than-low-brow comedy dreck and super funny lisping, forgetting that a gifted dramatic actor hides behind the clown face (don't be fooled by the fact that his latest film starts with a colonoscopy, which at first glance feels very Sandler indeed).<br/><br/>He was given a chance at reinventing himself as an "actor for grown-ups" with Punch-Drunk Love, I suppose, but that was still a take on his familiar idiot-character (albeit a much better, more sympathetic, and more three-dimensional take) and he still found his way back to Happy Madison potty humor. After the Safdie brothers' Uncut Gems, however, he might just get to play with the big boys full-time and even score his first Oscar.<br/><br/>This is the latest stress-inducing and highly immersive crime thriller from the fellas behind Good Time (one of my favorite films of 2017, although a retroactive addition to my 2017 listicle). Just as Good Time proved that R-Patz can act superbly, although his performance in Twilight insisted on quite the contrary, the Safdie brothers want us to reconsider Sandler next.<br/><br/>The year is 2012. Howard Ratner (Sandler) is a Jewish Diamond District jeweler struggling to pay off gambling debts to his loan shark brother-in-law (Eric Bogosian), and his addiction worsens the situation at several points in the film. There are many twists, turns, and gruesome backfirings that never make the 2 and a half-hour film feel boring even once. Howard's decisions are at points irrational, but it works within the story as his incessant addiction problems are so believable - and, dare I say, relevant.<br/><br/>Much of the story revolves around an Ethiopian gemstone that Howard lends to NBA player Kevin Garnett, played by himself, but we're also made to understand Howard's domestic situation. He is not yet fully divorced from his wife (Idina Menzel) but nonetheless dates a much younger woman (Julia Fox), which he's about as transparent with as his shady history with the brother-in-law. The latter woman also knows The Weeknd, played also by himself, who she thinks is gonna be really big one day.<br/><br/>But back to Howard, who is scarcely the year's most loveable character. Mind you, this isn't a flaw of the film, which never expects us to love him anyway, when it succeeds at something paramount: creating a wholly believable human being and making us forget that he is a performer reading scripted lines. Every location in the film feels similarly real, with endlessly chattering side characters who never come off as obvious extras or supporting actors. Still, we know who the real star is here.<br/><br/>This may be Adam Sandler's all-time finest performance and he perfectly communicates the anxiety and chaos of the Safdie brothers' crime-thriller style. Adding to that distinct "Safdie brothers" personality is a constant "closeness" to the messy world we've entered (thanks to the often intimate photography), an avant-garde electronic score by Oneohtrix Point Never, and kaleidoscopic visuals made all the more gleaming from being shot on 33-millimeter film. The prismatic colors may be thematically appropriate; think of how light refracts through a gemstone. Even the fashion and set designers are being extra immaculate with the color schemes here.<br/><br/>Finally, much like Good Time, this is one of the most thoroughly unpredictable and original additions to the yearly catalog. The Safdies seem experts at having things go from bad to worse in stressful but riveting ways. I already want to see their next film! Let's see which other actors they'll rescue from being eternally lumped in with the shlockbusters. If one can go from Little Nicky to this, much is possible. It's not that the characters are not "sympathetic" as some reviewers have stated, it's that they don't exist, there is no character development whatsoever, just a bunch of hustlers hustling each other. It's no different than any hustled hustler movie out there. It watches like a Russian B movie. The script has no flair to it, the writing is completely flat, weasel words and cussing, a 12 year old failing teen could have written these dialogues. As for the acting, Sandler is not doing drama, he's doing the exact same loudmouth he does in most of his low ball films.
The only good part of the film is the ending, he and his hustler brother are shot, it's what they deserved. No pity. Annoying story and horrible music for the film, However Adams Sandler's performance was excellent Nothing ever could make you enjoy watching this bad plot! Frantic? Yes
Nerve wracking? HELL YEAH
but not in a good way.
Horrible movie Films released by A24 tend to be on the artsy side, and for me can be high risk high reward. I like to support A24, and it's a relief that there are studios like A24 still trying to make creative original films. I was hopeful that Uncut Gems would be a high risk high reward type of film, but it wasn't. It was however highly annoying. First however the good, and that was Adam Sandler. His performance as a gem business owner and gambling junkie was excellent, and arguably Oscar worthy. That's the best I have to say about Uncut Gems, and unfortunately it's not enough for me to recommend anybody taking two hours out of their life to watch it. Now for the bad. I realized I was in for a long ride during the opening credits when we were provided an internal camera view of Howard Ratner's colon during his colonoscopy which was accompanied by a relentlessly annoying musical score that never let up through the entire movie. Since the colonscopy had no relevancy to the rest of the film I'm not sure why we were treated to this experience. I may have enjoyed the movie a little more if they had a music score that fit the film, but it seemed to me like somebody slipped the music for an 80's sci-fi film into Uncut Gems. Since it was such a poor fit it served no purpose other than to act as a total distraction from what was happening on the screen. The other problem with Gems was that Howard Ratner was an entirely unlikeable character. He's a terrible husband, bad parent, abusive boyfriend, and a gambling junkie who is constantly digging himself into a deeper hole. I simply can't enjoy spending two hours with somebody this horrible. Finally the other major problem I had with Uncut Gems was the incessant talking over one another. Nobody seemed to take a breath in this movie, and there was usually at least two people talking at any given moment the entire movie. If making the viewer feel annoyed and anxious was the goal, they achieved that with me. However, I think with a different musical score, and a little breathing space in the screenplay, this could've been a much better film. Skip it. This movie dragged on and on - at one point I actually asked out loud, "Is this movie ever going to end?" There are only so many times the story can reinforce the bad situation the protagonist is in - it becomes extremely repetitive,, with no resolution in sight. As such, the movie seemed to be about 4 hours long.<br/><br/>I am truly happy to see Adam Sandler in a dramatic role - that being said, this is the worst Adam Sandler movie ever. That's saying a lot - There are some really bad Adam Sandler movies before this one!<br/><br/>While the story was predictable, and the abrupt ending was also completely predictable, the story was left unfinished. Just not cool at all.<br/><br/>The whole movie had llow budget independent film" written all over it. Don't get me wrong - there are some good independent films out there, yet most feel a lot like this one... Watched an hour and turned it off. It gave me a headache. It was just chaos and yelling the whole way through. I think a high school play would have produced something better. The score was so grating that my husband and I made it about 20 minutes into the movie and quit. How in the world does this have such good reviews? If you like chaos, non sence, stupid script and bad scores. You're gonna love this. Otherwise, don't waste a minute.<br/><br/>I do not recommend. I cannot understand the high score this movie has.. It must be because Adam Sandler does a really good job playing the character in the movie, assuming it was intended for that character to be one of the most annoying and loud guy alive.<br/><br/>The plot seems okay in the beginning, but as it stretches out in time -it just becomes stupid. The whole movie is just a big mess of loud talking and annoying decisionmaking..<br/><br/>I give it 3/10 because Sandler really does a good job being annoying (assuming this was intended), and I kinda like how it all ended This movie just gave me major anxiety and stress. So much yelling and so franticy This movie was extremely annoying and almost every word was a vulgarity. When is Hollywood going to get that people don't want movies like this? If I could rate it negative ten, I would. So many people complain about the "yelling" and the "cussing" like come on. Grow some balls. This is a real thriller. It gets your heart beating fast in suspenseful moments... this movie was crazy It almost feels like the Safdies set there films in some kind of hideous, grimy and deplorable parallel universe, which is why the way in which they achieve a sense of extreme realism is gravely unsettling.
Sandler's performance somehow makes us root for what should be a detestable character, who we inexplicably want to succeed. The constant poor decision making of Sandler's Howard Ratner is almost excruciating, making the film really hard to watch, an effect which is also created by Lopatin's score which adds to the overall discomfort.
What Sandler proves in this film, as he has previously done in Punch Drunk Love and The Meyerwitz Stories, is that he is a phenomenal actor. He gives a performance here that would make many actors who've, unlike Sandler, never even so much as been nominated for a Razzie unbelievably jealous. First time actors Julia Fox and Kevin Garnett, whose role appear to have both been written specifically for them, also prove their worth.
As masters of tension, the Safdies incredible manage to make us as the audience as invested in a game of basketball, that was played a decade ago, as Sandler's own Ratner. You'll have to make your own mind up on this one but for me it was a great piece on the fragility of the human mind. Sandler was flawless in his portrayal and played his annoying character Howie with vigour and style.<br/><br/>It certainly won't be a movie for everyone but if you appreciate gritty cinema then this is one not to be missed.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this film. It will grip you from start to finish. Well done all involved! I need 5 minutes of silence after this movie, it is literally giving me headache. I never felt so much stress and so much anxiety when watching a movie. Best Adam Sandler performance and non stop suspense Spoiler alert. This review reveals the end of "Uncut Gems."<br/><br/>Someone needs to tell the Safdie Brothers, the writers, producers, and directors of "Uncut Gems," that there is a difference between an obnoxious character and an obnoxious, unwatchable movie. Case in point: "Death of a Salesman." Arthur Miller's classic play depicts a man who, like Howard Ratner, is a desperate, unlikable loser, but the power of the play is that it makes you care about Willy Loman and see Willy Loman in people you know in real life. In "Uncut Gems," you just want Howard Ratner to meet his inevitable end quicker so that your suffering can stop.<br/><br/>"Uncut Gems" is all about Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler), a greedy, scheming, shallow, disloyal, irrational gambling addict and gem merchant. He works in Manhattan's diamond district. The movie is loud with a nonstop, intrusive soundtrack that was devised by CIA torture experts.<br/><br/>The film begins with a grisly scene in an African gem mine. Black bodies sweat, strain, and are injured. The camera lingers on an open wound. The movie is reminding us that Howard's profits are built on the suffering of the exploited poor. In the US, Howard sells his tacky baubles to African American clientele, including a basketball player.<br/><br/>The movie switches to Howard's colonoscopy. Yes, you get to see the inside of Howard's colon as his doctor narrates. Does it enhance your viewing experience to see the inside of another man's intestines? Your tastes differ from mine.<br/><br/>Once the movie gets started, you see Howard struck and humiliated by loan sharks. Eventually he is stripped naked and locked in the trunk of his car. His must call his estranged wife, who regards him with complete disdain, to rescue him. I guess watching all this would be satisfying to sadists.<br/><br/>Eventually Howard's schemes result in his being shot to death. The end. You just spent two hours of your life watching a loud, obnoxious movie about a character you can't like, respect, or care about.<br/><br/>Howard is a living embodiment of negative stereotypes of Jews as greedy shysters. Josh Safdie said in an interview with Slate, "Howard is the long delineation of stereotypes that were forced onto us in the Middle Ages, when the church was created, when Jews were not counted toward population, and their only way in, their only way of accruing status as an individual, as a person who was considered a human being, was through material consumption. That was the only way in. And I think what's happened over the years is it's kind of morphed and almost turned into Kabuki theater. Because as assimilation has accrued, the foundation, the DNA of the strive has become kind of cartoonized in a weird way. What you're seeing in the film is a parable. What are the ill effects of overcompensation?" I'm genuinely impressed. Coerced by my teenage son to watch this, I reluctantly agreed despite the Adam Sandler red flag. I like comedies. I don't even mind fairly idiotic comedies if they have some kind of saving grace somewhere. But Adam Sandler comedies? Maybe if you're eight years old. But in this he's basically aggravating us in a whole new genre. Just to be clear, this isn't supposed to be a comedy. Although, ironically, the ending is pretty funny. Anyway that's a couple of hours of my life I'm never getting back. The intro was way to long with stupid music in the background so i wasn't pleased off the get go. Everyone was shouting all the time witch was so frustrating. The film literally had no story it was utter garbage Seriously, a migraine inducing movie. Shouting non stop for 2hrs.... why all the rave reviews ? One of the most annoying soundtracks I've ever heard, and I've never seen so many scenes where characters are trying to scream over one another - basically it was the entire movie. The ending, or some variation, was pretty predictable, and none of the characters were very likable. Sandler is in every scene, and he does a commendable job, but it's not a role I would think oscar worthy since, other than in one scene, it didn't require much other than screaming lines. And we really didn't need to see so much of the basketball games involved in the plot. Jesus .....n christ, what a picture. Goddamn. Major in every aspect, and an effortless evolution from Good Time's parasitic acid-trip of grime and privilege, especially as this strips away much of Good Time's chase-movie energy for something far more fruitless and sad. Uncut Gems plays to the tune of an exasperated study in commodity, running around until it passes out on the concrete, its specificity in the early-2010s giving way to a cosmic pain, a neon-glow of worthless lives and unending transactions. Yes, it's a very funny work, given substantial gravitas by Adam Sandler's god-tier performance, but only to heighten how sickly each frame and movement is, like a rabid dog on its last day, crawling under the porch with a snarl. The interior locations are often separated, buzzers and closed-circuit security and locked doors keeping characters whirling, dancing within the energy of their lives, in every direction, the camera barely keeping up. It's only when the film slows down, sometimes merely to catch a breath, that it's clear that our environment allows for no self-reflection or understanding of ourselves. "All I am, is what I'm going after" and all that jazz. The rest of the time, it's too busy to think of anything other than the flow of experience, big scores, the tension of language and deals. I don't think I've ever seen a film as well-paced and as strategic in its rhythms as this one. The banger OPN soundtrack helps, once again with a rabid, fiending mind of its own, flowing like an angelic stream and imbuing a few moments with a feeling of a higher power. For a social thriller to be as clammy, as edge-of-the-world as Uncut Gems feels, it still dreams of a place away from capital, and distanced from the fiery conniptions of these characters. Alas, I'm having too good of a time. If you like a film where people shout at each other for over two hours and sometimes the music is so loud it drowns out the dialogue, then this
is is the film for you. Really really... it's not worth it. I like Adam Sandler but NOT in this movie! Almost walked out, but ending made it almost worthwhile.... Nothing but a bunch of people screaming, trying to be the loudest, during at least 30 percent of this sorry excuse for a movie. Sandler would be better served to stick with "Happy" on the golf course.
Between the overlapping voices and obnoxious soundtrack I almost didn't make it to the end, which was straight out of a 70's psychedelic flick.
IT WAS A BATTLE. Helpyourself and never watch this movie please. It has no point and really really annoying i cant stress this enough but this movie is really annoying. Just save yourself its useless They should have shot him within the first 5 minutes and saved me 130 minutes of torture. After seeing this I was ready to argue with anyone because it made me mad. So many BAD decisions in one movie must be a Guinness world record. Save your $10 and go watch it's a wonderful life on cable tv. Fast paced movie with people endlessly yelling at each other but the movie is dull and stagnant for the most part. It seems like it was created by the type of people who think hip hop and instagram and smart phones are the most exciting things going on in our culture. This movie was mildly entertaining at best, but overall just not much to see here. And its at least 30 mins too long. The parts are greater than the sum. Limited spoilers, but as with the previous Safdie film, there really is no through line. I felt it could have kept up its pacing with about 30 minutes cut from it. Would have been much more "relentless" and "enthralling" as I'm sure others have put it if so. Sandler is good, since he is truly a great actor. He makes scenes which could have felt forced run seamlessly. A huge part of his character has to do with downplaying the intensity of the situation to calm the people around him, and he does a great job. A big part of great acting is forgetting you're watching an actor, and in several moments I did completely. The movie is fun and at times kinetic, but it feels self and wanders. Overall, I had a decent time, but it lacks the structure and depth it painfully attempts to convey, which at times is painfully obvious. This movie does not make any sense. Just bunch of characters shouting at each other creating chaos , Sandler borrowing money for anything running around NYC . There is no story , no plot just ends abruptly. Not a typical Adam Sandler movie but he has done well. Can be avoided for sure. So much yelling. We were totally over it after 20 minutes but somehow still made it to the end. It's essentially two hours of the characters yelling at each other and it makes it not only annoying but hard to follow. The ending is the only reason this even gets up to a 3/10 because the rest of the movie was just so irritating. The first few minutes of the movie were bizarre and did not get why they needed the colonscopy footage. I did not know I was watching the right movie at first. But, Adam Sandler is fantastic in this movie and makes it very watchable and re-watchable. Yes, there is a lot of foul language and yelling in this movie. As someone who grew up in New York and has been to the diamond district, this is commonplace. When you are selling items that can fit into the palm of your hand for many thousands of dollars, there are high emotions, especially amongst the nationalities of those who sell these gems.
If you are thinking this is a sports betting movie, you will be disappointed. Sports betting plays a role, but it is not the main focus, by any means. The main focus is Sandler. He delivers in a way he never has previously. You truly believe he is a store owner in the diamond district with a myriad of problems in his life. Are there some far-fetched parts? Absolutely. I do not believe you can beat someone up in the middle of midtown Manhattan, dump them in a pool and no one says anything anymore.
Kevin Garnett was really good, and New York sports radio icon Mike Francesa was good as a bookie. I liked how they had they actually had footage of the Game 7 that the Celtics and 76ers played in 2012. But, why did they have her place a sports bet at Mohegan Sun where sports betting is not legal.
I hated the ending. While it was completely unexpected, I just did not understand why would they kill Howard off after they were all going to get paid?
I am giving it a 7.5 (round up to 8), Sandler carries the weight of an odd script that is not sure whether it was to be a comedy or a thriller. The dialogue is such a mess. It's way too noisy that you get mentally tired halfway through the movie because it just doesn't stop. Yelling throughout! Terrible acting. No plot! Awful! I made an account just to warn you that you have better things to do with your time than watch this crap. The fact we rented it for $3 infuriates me. Wasn't worth it.<br/><br/>Horrible movie.<br/><br/>Who the heck is giving this more than 5 stars? Did we watch the same movie?<br/><br/>The bad reviews are accurate.<br/><br/>Just don't. Few movies are as bad as Uncut Gems. No real plot or plot development. No character development and some really poor acting makes it Impossible to CARE for any of the characters. The music supervisor should be shot in addition to Sandler's. A waste of time. I weep everytime I think, wow this time around me.zohan will give me something with a bit of fizzy bubble
But he keeps giving me osporine<br/><br/>Adam should just quit. I think people who rated him good are just people with Stockholm. They say Adam Sandler in real life is a genuinely nice guy, once of the good guys in Hollywood. I disagree; if he was he would not of subjected us to a film like this. It seems his 'advisers' told him to make a serious movie, something to get him in academy award contention. Sandler comes up with this 'gem', which is basically a 130 minutes chaotic mess were everyone screams and swears at each other while the main character does one stupid thing after another. There's really very little plot, its basically real life tv style film making, watching Sander's life implode as he makes bad choice after bad choice for no apparent reason. I think its his worst movie by far--and he's made some real dogs in his time. Maybe some people will like it, opinions are always different. I loved Pixels, most hated it. I found this movie about as 'entertaining' as a root canal. Actually not a review worth, but definitely not a 7.6 imdb score worth I wish I could give this 0 stars, even 1 is too much. 2 hours I'd never get back and an evening ruined. If you like non-stop arguing, screaming, shouting by highly unlikable people, then this movie is for you. This movie disappoints. The best part was the ending, however one must suffer through until it comes. Pure Garbage unless, of course, you enjoy watching over 2 hours of the life of a scumbag.
It's not exciting; it's aggravating to the max. First of all, what is with the music? I felt like I was watching a mob movie while listening to the soundtrack of Bladerunner.<br/><br/>Does. Not. Fit.<br/><br/>And if you like movies where there is absolutely nobody with any redeeming qualities, and people just continue to make poor choices and continue to suffer the consequences of those poor choices, then this movie is for you.<br/><br/>You know, like a Coen Brothers movie. Except that those are charming and funny.<br/><br/>This, on the other hand, is mostly painful. It's a great movie that just forgot to include any great characters.<br/><br/>Sandler does a fantastic job portraying his character, I just, you know, don't care. Because he's a jackass, and he continues to cause suffering in his own life. Keep it up!<br/><br/>The only good choice in the movie is at the very end. If you haven't seen the movie, I won't say what that is, because, spoilers. But don't go thinking that there's some kind of redemption or growth in this movie, because you won't find that here.<br/><br/>Uncut Rock is probably a better name. There are no gems hidden inside this. Adam knocked this one out of the park. By far one of his best movies From the performances of Adam Sandler, Kevin Garnett, Julia Fox, and others that were key, to the cinematography and camera angles and sudden close ups that made you feel anxious and in the moment; this was a great movie from two great brothers.<br/><br/>When I was finally in the theater to watch this I didn't know what to expect. The trailer showed so much, but didn't expose anything. I can honestly say I was not disappointed, however some small things were kinda predictable, such as Howard getting bumped off in the end. Though I knew it was coming eventually since he was messing with the wrong people, it still got my jaw to drop. Either way, the Safdie Brothers did a great job at making me feel anxious and worried throughout and Adam Sandler delivered a great performance that no one should forget. I'm not an Adam Sandler fan but thought I'd watch this. The story is really great and the highs and lows you feel with him. However, one of the things that ruined this film for me was the constant yelling and raised voices. At times the script was inaudible due to the raucous voices. This ruined what would potentially be a great film. Scorsese had a hand in it and you can tell. He's done some amazing films. The acting isn't too bad either. But why al the shouting? Ruined a potentially great film. Alot of people complain about the yelling and the stressful environment.. Which is kinda the point of the movie If you think about it INNIT? imagine you owe some bad people alot of money, this is what your day to day life would feel like Really surprised about Adam's performance. The movie is stressful and might be disturbing for some. Overall amazing movie despite a weirdo music.. Very good movie .. very realistic ..true to life ..adam sandler is just wow in his acting .. makes me wonder why he doesnt do more such movies instead of doing crappy blockbuster and rehash trash ..they say a good movie is one which evokes an emotional response from its viewer .. and boy does this one do it ..a real gem of a movie .. I am seriously impressed with Sandler's performance in this movie. Prepare for a shock to the senses, and--as others have pointed out--take a break or two during the movie. It's so intense, on so many levels, I was on the edge of my seat, physically and mentally taxed to the point of having to pause and relax a few times. I wish there were minus stars,, Just awful people yelling... I kept hoping they would hurry up and kill him so the movie would be over.. I cannot think of anything good about this movie. Great movie, you'll transported for the life of this gambling man and you'll see the exactly chaos his life is it.<br/><br/>Prepare yourself. I felt compelled to get in here and reach out to say he really deserves an Oscar and all that buzz. Great job out of nowhere dude! Wow - now that was a ride. The Sandman hands down does the best performance of his career. I struggled to keep up at the start but it the movie was insane! Highly recommend and a definite watch. Wow i knew Adam was great but this shows an amazing side of his talent. He truly is an artist, long movie but it keeps you intense and it's an original story. It's not generic like today's stuff. Very impressed and would recommend to anyone who likes real cinema. Great performance by Adam Sandler and a mostly interesting story, that has some seriously dull moments built in. However the music couldn't be more off. Strange choices of music for literally every scene and to top it off, they used
"Gigi D'Agostino - L'Amour Toujours" for the credits. What the... ? People yelling and swearing at each other constantly and all at the same time!
You're in for a huge cacophony, making it difficult to understand and frankly a bit annoying. It's like watching a two hour family feud, so if you enjoy relaxing while watching a movie, forget about it. WOW! Absolutely loved this, always had a soft spot for Sandler and his movies, so happy that he was in this! Snubbed by the Oscars sadly. On the edge of my seat the entire time, please watch this! Congratulations to the Safdie Brothers. Phenomenal. Definitely deserves more hype too. I was NOT enjoying this movie. I'd had a bad day and a slight headache that just kept getting worse. I didn't think I could sit through much more...
...but I was riveted. I couldn't walk away.
I was on edge through the entire movie.
The acting was superb. The characters were so intertwined and dynamic.
Sandler was born for this role. My god he can play such a reckless and abhorrent person.
You can see where it's going to go but when you get there, if you aren't surprised then kudos.
My headache is worse but, this is the first film I've ever taken time to comment on IMDB. Go see it for yourself. Take an alka- seltzer first. In 2017, The Safdie Brothers introduced us to Good Time, which was one of my favorite movies of that year. This year, both brothers are back to deliver another gritty and highly provocative thriller with editing that'll make you dizzy and impeccable cinematography with a bold and overly saturated, but rich color palette. Their style and direction, the use of close-ups that enable such ferocity and intensity make these directors stand out. Their uncompromising vision as well as an extremely bold ending leaves the audience with a lot to digest. Adam Sandler is brilliant as a sleazy jeweler looking to catch the thrill of living the high octane life of betting for the sake of winning. What makes his character so compelling is the fact that his worst impulses will always get the better of him, and even if he were to win big time, he would find a another bet for the thrill of it. For the duration of the film, we witness him juggling debt collectors, sports bets, his co-worker/girlfriend, and his family, and it's riveting. His character embodies the ever so present high of living life on the edge. It's amazing how the Safdie brothers are able to make scumbags as their main characters, and humanize them in a way that makes you want to root for them to succeed, even though they shouldn't. The Safdie brothers sophomore effort is an amazing thriller, and it's Adam Sandler's best performance since Jack and Jill. It is hard to like and enjoy a film when all the characters are unlikeable. The film is well made other than that. Chaotic, loud, non-stop, never satisfying the viewer because Howard never is. Always that next score. You'll hate it and enjoy it or you'll just hate it because he is that kind of person that disgusts you. It will stress you out! Remember to breathe! Uncut Gems, like the propulsive engine of the film Howard Ratner, is relentless, frenetic, and fascinating to the inevitable end, and it's a masterclass in tone definition. It's a character study of a relentless businessman always trying to find a bigger angle, and Sandler is absolutely wonderful in the role. Nearly every scene in the movie centers on his actions, and he inspires a morbid fascination analogous to an overly ambitious high-wire acrobat: you know his reckless aggression is unsustainable, but he just keeps barreling ahead that you not only are fascinated but even compelled to hope it somehow works out, whether he deserves it or not. An interesting contrasting pairing with Uncut Gems would be The Hurt Locker. The two films are character studies of a man addicted to the thrill of risk, but the way they approach that risk and the settings they encounter it in couldn't be more different. Anytime something goes well for Howard, his immediate instinct is to push that success into the biggest possible payout. His immediate pawning of KG's ring is a great early demonstration of character, and his love for parlays fits in perfectly: rather than the safer play of making several independent bets, he makes the usually lower expected value but much higher reward play of parlaying, where either everything goes perfectly or he's screwed (an apt analogy for how he lives his life). While he's remorseless and never knows when to stop, the Safdies and Sandler provide such a consistent and committed portrait of this character that he manages to be redeemable in my eyes. I love Ad Astra, and Parasite is right there, but for my money Uncut Gems had the best cinematography of the year. The vibrant, electric, artificial colors set the nervous atmosphere for the movie perfectly, and particularly in Howard's gem shop the few cuts in favor of long tracking shots emphasize the precious nature of time in the store and Howard's overwhelming multitasking. The score is great in the same synthetic, frenetic way it was in Good Time. The ending felt right, as mirroring the rises and falls that came before it in an unceremonious and sudden fashion. The tension throughout the film created by the Safdies, Sandler's wonderful performance, and the great cinematography makes this one of the best of the year. Great film. Huge Adam Sandler fan, nice to see him do something serious. He is actually a very good actor when given good material. Not that I don't enjoy his funny films though. Lots of great supporting talent like Kevin Garnett and LaKeith Stanfield. Overall nice and interesting plot, just a little slow in the middle. Liked the very mesmerizing shots that took you through the gems. Movie was great with suspense. Really knows how to build extreme tension. One of the most suspenseful films I've seen in a while. Ending really caught me off guard. Once the most started, I was glued to the screen, and the movie only got more and more intense. Adam Sandler's character just keeps digging myself farther into a hole.<br/><br/>This movie is very similar to Good Time, but this is way better. I thought Good Time was just good, but not great. Uncut Gems is an improvement, it's amazing. It's hard to pinpoint why I like Uncut Gems way more, it might be because I cared about Adam Sandler's character way more than Robert Pattinson's. We get to know Howard way better. Howard is kinda a idiot, but I want to see him succeed for some odd reason. He seems like he would be a good man if he wasn't addicted to gambling.<br/><br/>I never heard of "Julia Fox," but she was so good and beautiful in the movie that I had to look her up right after the movie. Shockingly, it turns out this is her first movie, WOW! I expected a way bigger filmography from her because she seems like a super experienced actor. And not that I only care about looks, but she's legitimately one of the most beautiful actresses I've ever seen, up there with Felicity Jones, but even her beautiful looks aside, this an amazing breakout role for her.<br/><br/>But movie isn't for everyone. I seen some complaints that the movie is too depressing, loud, and/or angry, etc. I agree, but still loved this movie, and not all movies are meant to be all happy. This movie intentionally supposed to be loud, angry, and depressing. In my opinion, too many movies are too happy and light-hearted, especially in the mainstream. It's nice to see the other side every now and then, and a movie that challenges it's audience. Nothing wrong if you like happy movies, but I personally don't understand why anyone would only want to see happy movies their entire life, to each his/her own. Besides, main thing I care about if the movie keeps my attention, and this movie kept my attention way more than any movie in a very long time. I was never bored.<br/><br/>And damn that ending. I won't spoil it, go see the movie because it's that good. I saw this movie like a week ago and ending still hits me hard, even just thinking about it. To me, it's an unforgettable movie. Most movies, I forget about them like a day or two, even some movies I directly forget right after I watch it *cough* Rise of Skywalker *cough*. But Uncut Gems has stuck with me.<br/><br/>If they ever make a live-action Akira movie, the Safdie Brothers are the only American ones worthy to direct it. Even this movie soundtrack sounds so Akira, and I mean that in the best way possible. Classic 80s synth! Seeing a lot of 10's like wtf. Were we watching the same movie? So many holes and un explained crap. I only gave it 6 stars cuz the girls booty was phenomenal. It was the only thing that kept me watching otherwise it's a solid 3. Its a cheap TV level script with horrible actors in it. yea it had some-kind of atmosphere because people like that actually exist. but is it a good movie? not in a million years! average TV level script, bad actors , poor camera. This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. Everyone is constantly yelling and talking over each other it's unbearable, it gave me extreme anxiety within the first 10 minutes. Save your money I love Adam Sandler so I was eager to see this movie.
It was as awful. The "F" bombs were too much. There is t anything about this moving I would recommend to others.<br/><br/>Sorry Adam. Very very thin plot no story to develop. I could not wait for this torture to be over. Some of the acting was ok. The Adam Sandler character was so predictable from 10 minutes into the movie you pretty much knew the story. Wait for DVD if you think that you must see it. First review I've ever made, I felt so annoyed by the end of this movie I felt compelled to sign up and write a review.<br/><br/>Like a lot of people I had high hopes for this movie after seeing the trailer.<br/><br/>10mins in and I already had worries, terrible loud music that plays for an unnecessarily long amount of time, drowning out dialogue. The soundtrack left me shaking my head throughout the movie, seriously who picked this? could be one of the worse soundtracks I've heard used in a movie before.<br/><br/>People talking loudly in the background while main characters yelling over each other, I understand they wanted to give a chaotic feel throughout the movie but most scenes became unwatchable.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler, KG and Eric Bogosian give good performances but wasn't enough to save a train wreck of a movie.<br/><br/>It's a shame Sandler's character was wasted by these directors, would have loved to see what a competent director could have done with this script... Basically 2 hrs and 15 minutes of people shouting at each other. I'm absolutely perplexed as to why this is rated so highly. Can't understand neithe the impressed people from the movie, nor the 8.1 rating. The movie is below average. This movie was horrible. Terrible story line. Way to much yelling and loud scenes. I've never heard this many swear words in one movie. The whole movie you feel uncomfortable. Just terrible acting all around. 2/10. Worst musical score I've ever heard. That intro has to go asap.
The only reason it gets 3 stars instead of zero is because someone was smart enough to put Julia Fox in a lead role. She looks so familiar and I hope she gets more work. Sandler owes her for almost destroying her career in this pos. Story makes zero sense. About 9% of the movie is comprehensible. 91% is just nonsense. Far too little violence in the beginning so just another part that isn't even realistic. If this was based on a true story then someone at the adult level should have throw this script in the trash. And an executive should be fired. No, make that 2 exec's should be fired. Worse movie I had seen for the last 10 years. Annoying movie to much talking and not funny. Adam Sandler is a good actor but not in this movie! Had to get my money back. This movie is a roller coaster from star to finish
The movie grabbed me by my shirt and sweat
SUCH AN INCREDIBLE MOVIE I don't understand all the hype surrounding this movie. It is confusing, hard to hear with all the background noise including the soundtrack. Do not waste your time. A thrilling, addictive, anxiety attack of a film made with a level of technical assurance and mastery that's rarely equalled - with Adam Sandler in a career redefining performance. The often overlapping dialogue is redolent of the increasingly confused and fractured state of the central character's psyche - maybe it's just my age, but you may well need the subtitles on to hear much of what's said. In many senses, it reminded me of Trainspotting - though not as good, and unlikely to be generation-defining in the way that film was. For me, its echoes of the Danny Boyle film were in the way it seems to be structured to echo the addict's trip - in Trainspotting it's the high of the chemically addicted, here it's gambling. It's also no coincidence that this takes place over Passover, and Sandler's character's Jewishness is often referenced. As if to ram the point home, one part of the Passover rituals we see is the recitation of the plagues on Egypt; the suggestion seems to be that Ratner (Sandler) is a man experiencing his own 12 plagues, a man with nothing at his centre having his glittering surface stripped away to reveal his empty core (I also wondered if he was an impure but otherwise Job-like figure, but that seems even more of a stretch). If we take the Passover reading of the film, the question that drives the narrative is if Ratner has daubed blood on the doorframe and fulfilled all ritual righteousness. It's a question only answered in the film's final moments. However you read it, you'll need something to decompress with afterwards. Was hyped when I saw the reviews but you either hate it or love it, it seems.
For me however it's a big NO.
It's just constant fast talking with actually no story behind it whatsoever, I reserve 1 for the really really bad movies but I enjoyed some parts here and there so, a 3 it can get. 'Uncut Gems' seems to have been generally well received by audiences and critics alike but I'm struggling to understand its appeal. This is a frantic and breathless two and a quarter hours that left me feeling more confused and frustrated than entertained.<br/><br/>The plot in 'Uncut Gems' is convoluted and it can be very difficult to follow exactly what is happening because it moves at such a relentless pace. Unless you are fully invested in the plot, which I wasn't, it's hard to care about what's happening anyway. The annoying soundtrack doesn't help and the constant shouting and just noise in general really started to grate on me.<br/><br/>The only part of this film I enjoyed was Adam Sandler's performance. I know I'm in a minority here, but I like Sandler as an actor and it was nice to see him in a role that allowed him to really shine, even if I hated the film. He's a good actor and if there's anything I enjoyed about 'Uncut Gems' it was his fine performance. This was 2 hours of wild incoherent mess.<br/><br/>Sure Adam delivers a nice performance, but that is not enough to weigh up the overall lack of flow or general point. Someone loves this, i didnt Worst film I'have seen in ages.
Can't understand all those high score critics.
It's just unbearable. What the hell was that all about ? I couldn't stand more than 10 minutes. Didn't have a clue what was going on. Just loads of shouting and an awful soundtrack. Oh wow - that was terrible ! After the first ten minutes I was hoping the background trashy music and the shouting WOULD PLEASE JUST STOP !!! But no .... it went on and on. I could fewl my heart beating faster and faster as Sandlers character lurched from stupidity to more stupidity shouting all the way. When I went to top up my drink I was gutted my husband paused the film, hoping another 5 minutes had passed.<br/><br/>We just gave up in the end. Absolutely appalling film in every sense! I mean you wait 17 months for a priceless gem and then give it to someone to "hold" ? Really ?<br/><br/>My husband says he is going to watch the rest but I read spoilers to put myself out of misery and know what happened. They just should have killed him at the beginning, job done and no mass sale of headaches pills for all the watchers ! Waste of anyone's time. Movie's full of screaming, annoying sounds. Adam Sandler's acting, what to say, that's incredible, man is a magician, I don't know who pays him and why. I have never watched a movie that was so loud, it was like a double layer dialouges. No one listen to each other. And they just keept on screaming. Watched this in a hotel room, and got a complaint from people next door. And we had the volume low. 10 star, only if you're an Adam Sandler fan. Otherwise it's a pretty trashy movie...acting is okay - there's isn't too many level and layers in the story, so the characters don't really develop anything. Cinematography is also poor, cloverfield had better shooting. Sometimes dialogue makes half of the story, but don't get your hopes up. There are lots of shouting and screaming and repeating words as to emphasize that the situation is escalating, but it's just noise pollution. it's at best 4 star, for me. This movie is a mess and infuriating to watch. The intro itself took nearly 12 months of totally nothing happening apart from the main character getting a colonoscopy.<br/><br/>It was messy from start to finish. Terrible acting terrible story line and everyone shouts. 2 hours of my life I wont get back! Do not waste your time on this drivel. If I could give 0 stars I would. I still dont really know what I watched. Well done Netflix on wasting 20 million on absolutely nothing. From my life, lost watching this...Only noise, people screaming at each other, why on Earth would anybody give more points to this trash? Couldn't explain what happens in this film if I wanted to it makes no sense utter rubbish You will feel it when you watch its absolutely mind blowing what a performance by adam wow
The movie just gets in to you and it's how the story goes the characters and everything like in someway you relate to it Whoa!
I'm still reeling from Uncut Gems. 2 hours of pure insanity beautifully executed by the cast and crew. The Safdie bro's direction blends flawlessly together. Normally when there are 2 directors on a film it's obvious. These dudes are amazing. Adam Sandler delivers per usual and was very reminiscent of the chaotic scenes in Punch Drunk Love. I can't stress enough how dope Uncut Gems is. I highly recommend it. Buckle up because it's a hell of ride and will be sure to leave feeling uneasy for a time after. 2  Way up. Love Adam Sandler, but this movie was a constant barrage of yelling as though the characters could be made believable by sheer force.<br/><br/>Would an in debt gambler really just let someone borrow his million dollar stone (which he had spent months acquiring and was about to send to auction) for the night simply because that person was a celebrity? Most of the movie was pushed by that action. It is too bad it wasn't a more plausible launchpad.<br/><br/>The opening in Africa was interesting but too brief. Actually, it was far more interesting than the rest of the movie.<br/><br/>My wife and I both got bored annoyed by the yelling and decided to leave before the end.<br/><br/>This is only the second movie I have ever left early. They just tried too hard and it showed. Clearly one of the most disjointed crime "thriller" genre films ever made. Poor screenplay. Poorly woven characters. Bad photography. Pointless, really. A movie for people with addiction, lying, sociopathic issues. Pure failure. Firstly Sandler is brilliant. What a find, should win best newcomer.
In all seriousness this film just has the X factor. Its a bit surreal , intense, paranoid and funny. Not sure why it worked so well, but it does. And the musical score is just briliant. Its a long film but not long enough. After you watch this movie you may wanna cut you veins, it's moronic, it's annoying it's a Disaster. Who chose the music for this film a 5 year old kid? Best part of the movie is when Sandler's character gets killed at the end, finally someone shut this man mouth Why not just sell the jewl to the basketball player?????. I'm sure he would pay over the odds. Why would any bookie threaten, mess with an obvious cash cow. He owns a high class jewelry shop, he has the collateral to cover any debt.<br/><br/>I also found it hard to care about the main protagonists.<br/><br/>After an hour I just didn't care. This movie was like being subjected to a family gathering with your hyperactive nephew and his foul parents. All you wanted to do was LEAVE. Which we did. Walked out of the theater because it was just an episode in beating the audience to death with frantic pacing, abusive volume, and characters you could care less about! I didn't wait for the party to be over to complain, I left early! I had previously watched Sandler in a dramatic role in "Reign O'er Me" and was very pleasantly surprised, so I had hopes for this movie. Well....
I'll avoid any long descriptions of content, as the other posters pretty much have it , and I wanted to avoid spoilers.
About halfway through the movie, after two couples had already left, I turned to my friend and said "Sandler's doing a good job with a (cleaned up for this review) terrible script." I waited a few days before writing this to see if I still believed it. I still do. Sandler's performance was the ONLY reason I gave this ANY stars at all. The script was putrid, the soundtrack annoying, and the remaining cast substandard to neutral. The fight scenes were often impossible to follow, the dialogue impossible to understand (one long argument) and the story itself cluttered with nonsensical BS.
I have watched, and appreciated, Eric Bogosian in other roles, most recently in Billions. I have been a long-time fan of Judd Hirsch in a number of roles, most notably "Running On Empty." How and why they leant themselves to this fiasco is a mystery. Their respective stocks did not rise with this one. Thankfully, John Amos limited his exposure to a mildly humorous cameo.
If Kevin Garnett was seeking to do some acting after a great b-ball career, this was not a good start. If he tries again, I hope his next attempt is in a better vehicle.
The actor who played "Phil" was making his first appearance as well. He just acted himself into a career of cheap horror movies. Terrible. simple as that,
Save your money and use your time for anything else--both are better spent elsewhere.
Sorry Adam, your performance couldn't save this,,,,,,,work Reminds me if you took Adam Sandler and inserted him into a Joe Pesci role in Casino or something. There are so many F bombs you can't even make sense of the dialog. During all these scenes Sandler is basically just screaming. Soundtrack varies between vaguely appropriate and "what the heck?" It feels like it's out of the 80s, the cars in the streets are modern. His diamond district store might as well be out of Hardcore Pawn.<br/><br/>I think the plot has to do with Sandler playing Howard having obtained an uncut Ethiopian black opal which he is trying to make big bucks on, meanwhile his marriage seems on the rocks and he gambles. I'm pretty sure there are other movies like this done better without the frenzied screaming and F bombs.<br/><br/>You don't feel anything for the characters because there really isn't any developed backstory.<br/><br/>If you can sit through it it's watchable it's just not very good. Story is all over the place... very predictable and pace is just awful. this is one of those movies they dazzle you with the trailer and hope you go and see it over the holidays... it will not be a word of mouth movie as most will agree this is not worth seeing once. love AS and the cast is solid, but you will want to walk out of this one. waste of time. After years of using this site I finally write my 1st review...I wish it was a positive one.<br/><br/>3 words: WAY TOO LOUD.
The dialogue = constant screaming.
The soundtrack = constantly blared into your ears.
It's so bad I actually needed subtitles after a few minutes.
Watching this movie is like being on drugs at a rave back in the day with your ears stuck to the sound system, except you're not at a rave and you're not on drugs, you're just at the movies becoming more and more deaf by the minute.<br/><br/>Major let down if you liked their previous movie -Good Time-<br/><br/>I gave it 4 stars because it could have been a fun, over the top and gripping movie without the screaming and blaring. What happened to talking one at a time. Most of the time, only thing that's happening is a lot of people swearing at the same time. Rest of the time really nothing interesting is happening. Jeweler hustling and not very good at it. A lesson for being an honest businessman? This movie was horrible. I'm a big Adam Sandler fan but so disappointing. Typical sandler yelling. I thing he wants to copy pacino, but utterly fails at it. I'm currently watching this movie and the only thing making me stay is I paid for the ticket. I need a Xanax due to the constant yelling and loud score giving me horrible anxiety. I do not understand how people are describing this as brilliant. I pray it ends soon. The good part was watching Adam Sandler do a great job of playing serious character. The bad part is that the character was so despicable and two dimensional that after a hour most audience was hoping he would get killed by some people who screwed over for money. The character always put his needs first, cheating husband, lousy boss,rotten friend. The only emotions he showed was anger or frustration. I would not recommend this movie to anyone! Claustrophobic and stressful from the start with really bad sound mixing. Painful to watch. Making the entire show filled with completely despicable characters does not make the show edgy or complex it makes it damn near unbearable to watch
Just because the eriting is good and the acting is good makes it bearable. But that does not the make the movie good. There has to be someone i can root for if theres no one the audience can root for then theres no one the audience can identify with. The only awards this movie should of gotten is acting and writing. This movie has no redeeming qualities I've read a fair amount of the negativity here and I must say that most of it is from A. people who expected Adam Sandler to stay to his comedic roots, B. People who have never ventured outside of conventional cinema, and C. Karens.
This movie reminded me of "Irreversible". A chaotic mess of life ending in horrible tragedy. I too didn't think much of it when I first put it on as background noise while I was working but I was quickly sucked in. Sandler should definitely get an Oscar nod. People just don't get it. This movie is a headache, but a must-watch headache!<br/><br/>Filled with action and anxiety, this Sandler film keeps you on your toes and off your phones. Did not expect this from Sandler and would definitely recommend to all movie lovers. In a good way, it was extremely stressful to watch, and every outcome felt so believable. I think it's a powerful statement about the inner destruction of gambling addiction, which could be described as an obsession with the thrill of winning or losing it all, regardless of your life being on the line. Some people play to lose just to keep betting for the sake of making a bet. Being a family member or friend of someone with a gambling addiction is a serious rollercoaster of emotions, and I think feelings of frustration, desperation, and betrayal fuel the tone of this movie; we're frustrated because our protagonist is so arrogant in his ill-conceived convictions that we're desperate for him to have a win so he'll finally stop- even though we have seen enough evidence to know he will gamble his winnings away and will continue to do so because he will have learned nothing from previous consequences- and we on the outside need a moment for ourselves to feel he's going to recover, but then we are ultimately betrayed by our trust in a happy ending for those who spend their lives gambling, since there is no happy ending for those who constantly steal from one to pay another.
Sandler is perfect as Howard. He makes him loud, annoying, arrogant, deceitful, pitiful, and straight up chaotic- exactly what most addicts are like when they are in too deep. So, if you hate this movie's energy, then it has served its purpose of bothering you. It should bother you. It's not a feel-good movie, it's not a redemption story- it's an agonizingly painful story of a delusional person spiraling out of control... as it is with a gambling addict who is ruining your life from their obsession with power. Technically speaking, 'Uncut Gems' is a rather exceptional original film about exceptionally annoying to highly stressful self induced situations thrown into a messy pile, then kicked over out of spite by friend and foe alike. I'm a fan of film productions that go against the grain and groundbreaking music/art/cinema in general. Making me pretty much this films target audience, this is not my first rodeo of broken eggs to make some sort of point omelet. Even if the point might be a bit obligatory as it is convoluted. Some of the best thought provoking films lack a token happy ending. This said, I fall a bit short of singing it's high praises, but I'm rating it a bit higher than my initial impressions simply because it deserves it. There were a few career defining performances riding along in this vehicle of depressingly applied strife gone all brands of wrong. A malfunctioning NYC themed carnival ride of a film likely to cause personal injury and/or nausea to those that regrettably climbed on board. The spa inspired new age-y chime-y synth musical score is one quaintly disquieting example, like much in this film, apparently designed to set the audience on edge, jab at them a bit as they flail and teeter, then give them a gentle shove off. With abundant illustrations of you did it to yourself, enjoy the last few seconds before the bomb drops, or when life hands you lemons, pee in the punch bowl? Not sure, but I'll try to paraphrase as this film does, we are all merely players, (we are also a bunch of pawns, psychopaths, and clowns respectively in it for a buck), and the world is a stage, (to jeer and throw bottles at each other as required). Things don't fit, they don't match, life sucks, then you die, existence is flawed and futile. Belligerent existential reality check successfully received in the shape of a movie. Got it. Already had it a while back, but appreciate the reminder. Adam Sandler is easily as good as any prior break out "serious" roles, as are the somewhat oddly assembled ensemble cast. Yet, while it certainly did make me think...something, I think. After 2 hours of various characters shouting hack philosophical variations on the theme of life being a a giant hassle amidst the failed hustle, often delivered with the finesse of an overflowing garbage can dumped on my head...my senses were admittedly relieved the yelling was finally over. Mission accomplished for the filmmakers I guess. This movie is just people shouting over each other constantly for 75% of the runtime. If my eardrum was a chalkboard then this movie is Adam Sandler scraping his finger nails on it for 2 hours. It's death from 1000 pin pricks, each one a character's voice screaming over the others. What an absolutely brilliant movie with a brilliantly hectic atmosphere, fantastic music, gorgeous visuals and top notch acting. Especially from Sandler and his girlfriend in the movie Julia..<br/><br/>That said Julia was probably the most unrealistic part of the movie..she was absolutely drop dead gorgeous. Her and Sandler's relationship was never truly developed, she was crazy in love with him but it was never clear why. She was also flirting with others (one notable name that she almost banged).<br/><br/>You truly start to feel sympathy for this super scummy, pathological liar and scam artist / jeweler, father, boyfriend. Which makes the ending truly bitter sweet.<br/><br/>And the weird synth wave type music on the background! It was so good! Together with the neon colours and all the bling, clubs etc it gave a sort of dystopian vibe to it all. The ending credits rolled and it started playing some techno track from the late 90s early 2000s that I remember from my youth and it kinda was a perfect end to this weird movie From start to finish, it was an exhilarating experience. Adam Sandler did a gooood job in this movie, his character was living in a dangerous world - well technically he's responsible for making it dangerous - and i really hated him for his choices and actions but i can also imagine that there really exists people like him, buried on debt after debt trying his best to gamble his way out of it and fail over and over. There were many intense scenes, shouting and chasing that makes you think adam might die any minute. The actors were great and Overall it was a amazing!! it deserves attention Absolutely relentless in its pace, acting, sound design, and plot. If you are an anxious person or feeling anxious, I might say this is a pass. Otherwise, enjoy the ride. There's an awful lot of shouting and swearing in this film. I'm not bothered by that, but I can see it being a turn-off for some people.<br/><br/>Ten to fifteen minutes in I was considering stopping watching, because I didn't think I would like this movie. But I persevered due to the fact the film has a good average rating on here. I'm glad I did! As a whole the film is very good, with a good, uncomplicated story and characters to like and hate in equal measures. Some good acting as well, especially from Sandler.<br/><br/>The shouting and cussing will likely be a sticking point for some, but I'd encourage people to give this a watch. It's a really good drama/thriller that certainly kept me intrigued to see how it all played out. This movie is OK. Too much yelling. Too much going on on each scene. Too much background noise.<br/><br/>First 10cminutes you get a headache Movie is awesome with full of great acting and surprises. Sandler proves that he can play serious roles This film takes you on a rollercoaster ride that is Howard's insane non stop live wire lifestyle. It's so stressful to watch. In the best kind of way. You feel the stress of the character seeping into yourself as you relate to him.
You find yourself begging that what's about to go wrong for Howard doesn't at every corner.
You really do find yourself gutted that it ends the way it does and that you don't get to see and experience Howard finally reaping the rewards he has gone through hell and high water for.
Masterpiece and IMO Sandler's best work yet, bearing in mind on a completely different genre. So good to see Sandler take himself seriously for a change. This movie is hectic, stressful and chaotic to watch, as is the business and city in which it is told. Thoroughly enjoyed the ride. Really there is no sitting back in this movie. Adam Sandler outdoes himself in a very well performed character. This movie is definitely worth the two hours and fifteen minutes sitting on the edge of your seat! Great character! Great obscure 80's synthesizer soundtrack to to emphasize the mood. see this one. People won't stop talking about how amazing Uncut Gems is, how amazing Adam Sandler is, and how amazing diamond-encrusted Furbys are. Really, this is 2 hours of light and noise to give you a headache if nothing else, and I didn't see a lot else to impress beneath that.<br/><br/>Howard Ratner (Sandler) is the loudest jeweller on the planet, trying to juggle elite clients, gambling debts and his family whilst auctioning off the biggest gem he's ever owned. It's a clenched-fist sort of film: nobody ever keeps their word, everyone is trying to undercut one another, and people avoid questions like they are running for political leadership. I wouldn't describe this as a fun watch, but it does pick up speed as the storyline develops.<br/><br/>I began to zone out during the first half of Uncut Gems - it was people talking over one another constantly, which gets tiresome very quickly. Yes, Sandler is better than he has been for a few years, but that isn't saying much when you were best known for Grown Ups. The end is exciting and does actually live up to the pace of the film, but I don't see this as rectifying the pain you have to endure for the first 90 minutes.<br/><br/>A24 cannot stop pumping out these "indie-hit" films that critics pore over, but from what I'm seeing there isn't a lot to be impressed with. This was probably one of the better films from the studio I've seen, and the Safdie Brothers can take some credit for that too. Uncut Gems is novel is nothing else - but there were no Oscar snubs here. Uncut gems is a fantastic film by the safdie brothers. The acting to begin with is really masterful. Adam sandler especially is really powerful and embodies the character perfectly. Lakeith stanfield also stands his ground really well and is really proving what he can do with another great role.<br/><br/>both the editing and the cinematography are really phenomenal and are crucial in every scene.<br/><br/>the writing is really amazing. it's an awesome thriller and the tension of the story as a whole is always felt in every scene, even before the tension even starts, the first scenes keep you on edge through a an unusual use of score but a very effective one at that. The lack of quiet for the first few minutes is nerve racking as you slowly settle into the grimy new york environment with 'Howard' as your guide.<br/><br/>i already mentioned the score but it is really one of the strongest points of this film among so much else that is impeccable. the score/soundtrack is so original and not used in the same way as any other film, which i've heard of from the safdie bros with films like good time.<br/><br/>to be honest, i had trouble getting into it at first and stopped it halfway before comng back to it and really feeling it much more the second time around. it may be hard to get into and appreciate the actual story beyond all the technical creativity, but the creativity and excellence of this film is just that implicit and unobvious. After i got my mind blown away, i had to reattach everything into it's place again, and think how am i going to write a review about this movie. everyone knows mining and digging for gems is damn hard if not impossible, so is digging for movies, especially the good ones, one who can simply describe as a masterpiece or masterclass piece of art, yes you read it write, prepare yourself for a roll-coaster of events and simple complex situations who you didn't know about before. this movie succeeded in capturing the essence of gambling or betting or what ever you want to call, in a way makes it look easy while truth be told it's impossible, why does it sound impossible when the movie made it quite simple?! it's because you have to have 3 things: faith, dream and vision. what can i say after i had my mind blown away, i have to recollect and reattach and be prepared for another round, you can't just watch it one time not because it's complicated but because a simple fact, this is something beyond art and beyond describing and beyond anything you have seen lately or in a decades of cinemas, it's a modern tale of pure cinema reinvented for all of us. Adam Sandler you're one of the best, as for the directors well done and what a hell of future is waiting for you guys, thanks. At the very beginning I was thinking that I will turn it off as it so messy, so chaotic, so much chat, conversations between characters.<br/><br/>Watching this film I felt constant anxiety yet it sucked me in and I couldn't switch it off.<br/><br/>Conversations seem real and the professional acting by Adam Sandler is phenomenal. While there are several spots in "Uncut Gems" that almost make you giggle in disbelief, this an edgy and disturbing movie. I recall seeing Adam Sandler in "Punch Drunk Love" and had a similar positive reaction to his serious side of acting. Perhaps it takes a somewhat off-the-wall comic, to successfully pull off strange dramatic roles. For all of the terrible reviews on here with people saying it's all yelling and chaos, and it makes you feel anxious and like everything is a mess.....Hello! That is literally the entire point of the movie. Not every movie has you thinking happy thoughts and has a happy ending. These people have ZERO clue what they are talking about and should stick to watching Disney movies because life is apparently a fairy tale. Do you think that someone living this kind of lifestyle and running into this chaos is going to be happy and having a good time? Like give me a break people. You need to wake up and realize this is reality for some people. The reason it seems like chaos and is anxiety central is because the film makers made it that way on purpose because its reality!! The music and the constant shouting is exactly how this sort of life plays out for these people (high stakes gamblers) The human race just wants a happy ending and things to wrap up in a nice little bow at the end so they can feel good about their lives. Go watch something else like Tot Story because these types of movies don't want your attention and clueless reviews. The way this movie makes you feel is exactly how it was supposed to, so anyone saying they left feeling odd and upset after means that the movie did its job, unfortunately these people are too stupid to realize what good film making is. This movie is an absolute masterpiece. For anyone reading the tons of 1 star reviews you can just ignore them because these are the types of people that will sit and talk to you about different types of candles and laundry detergent for hours on end. Their lives are full of daisies and lollipops and have fake photos flooding their social media. Do yourself a favour and laugh these reviews off and watch the movie with an open and realistic mind and you will be happy you did What a brilliant film...frantic,stressful and anxious. Adam Sandler is a revelation in his role. The film is something so new and fresh and beautifully made. It's a travesty that Adam wasn't nominated for an Oscar This movie had me confused and intrigued from the start. The gripping curiosity created by the chaos gave me this need to know what happens next and drove me through the movie. Shouting at the screen and slamming my hands, just needing a break from the sheer mess of this guy's situation. Absolutely loved it!! I can't breathe and my heart is still pounding but totally worth it! I don't know what people have been smoking around here. It's an OK movie, good plot a good story and good acting. I don't think it either deserves a 9 neither a 3 -well maybe if you get a headache from so much screaming-, but if you put yourself in the director shoes, it seems harder to send the message of how messed up his life is and how crazy he is if it wasn't for so much noise in the whole movie.<br/><br/>It honestly also isn't an Oscar worthy performance from Sandler, he did good, even great, but not outstanding. A good movie with a little too much screaming and too much noise, that's my opinion. Like a Lars von Trier film in that you're not really supposed to like it, or are you? But the craftmanship is certainly there across the board. And what a performance from Adam Sandler though... very convincing. There's certainly a strong message in this one about how money corrupts and wreaks havoc on your soul. I just kind of wish I had my 2+ hours back. This movie looks like a big mess and that's why it portrays life so well. It's messy, complicated, trying to go forward but only going backwards untill finally getting a break, with a bit of luck. That's how I see this movie and Howard's life. It can also portray very well the dialogue, seems so confusing and all over the place but that's how it is in real life also and that's not easy to put in a movie. I enjoyed and I missed Adam Sandler in something good. Overall, a very action-packed and emotionally high movie! After the movie was over, I asked my daughter what she thought... Here's her review:<br/><br/>"That was a lot." Yikes. We had incredibly high expectations for the Safdie Brothers' follow-up to 'Good Time.' Sadly, 'Uncut Gems' fell short of the mark.<br/><br/>There were simply too many implausibilities and peculiar character motivations for us to ever truly buy into the story, which kept us emotionally disconnected from the picture.<br/><br/>Hopefully the Safdie Brothers can rebound next time around. Adam Sandler gave a tour de force performance, but who wants to spend two hours watching distasteful people doing despicable things? What's to like? After seeing Uncut Gems in a very full house with my companion, I thought that this Adam Sandler movie was more like Punch Drunk Love than one of his hit comedies. The title of the movie refers to a jewelry auction of the uncut gems upon which Kevin Garnett plays the role of in his first movie debut. Also making a movie debut is Mike Francesa as Mike Francesa and he's a hoot. The climax of the film finds the main character's girlfriend, played by Julia Fox in a foxy performance, successfully wins the bet on Garnett's performance in the 2012 ECF NBA finals while Adam Sandler's character gets shot to death. I think this movie is one of A24's best films in awhile and it will be a huge contender in the awards race for weeks to come. See it in a theater soon. Where to start... I'm a huge Adam Sandler fan and wanted to like this movie. BUT, it's so convoluted that it became boring after only 20 minutes or so. Between the main characters shady deals, women, gambling and bad debts, it was just too hard to follow from segment to segment. My thoughts are that the writers tried to throw in 'everything but the kitchen sink' and that's where they messed up. And, not only that. The soundtrack was horrible. It was often so loud that you couldn't even hear what the actors were saying over it. The acting was OK'ish. It was just a poorly written mess of a film. If not for Adam Sandler being in the film, I would have thought it was made by 2 middle of the road film students with a $20k budget. It's just poorly written and edited piece of garbage. I did notice ONE odd thing though. Most of the higher Star Rating Reviews have the feel of being written by the same person. A few things are changed from review to review. But, the basics are the same. Take a look and you'll see what I mean. Most of the 9-10 star reviews are mostly 'advertisements' for the directors and their other films. Not a bad way to spend your night at all.. nuff said. LFF Surprise Screening<br/><br/>After Green Book being the Surprise Movie last year at LFF, I had high hopes, maybe to high, because I was nothing but disappointed.<br/><br/>What can I say... Let's start with the good stuff first:<br/><br/>Adam Sandler sent in a video message, greeting the London audience, which was a pretty nice thing to do, and it already set the mood for the movie, so kudos for that.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, Adam Sandler is the highlight of this movie and without his awesome performance, the rating would be even lower. He is clearly going down the same route as Steve Carell in 2014 with Foxcatcher. Maybe we will see him in more drama roles in the future, as I'm sure he will be recognised for his performance, it really suits him and shows that he can do much more than comedy(!).........but that doesn't make the movie good.<br/><br/>Kevin Garnett and The Weekend, playing themselves, is hilarious, but I'm pretty sure that wasn't what they were aiming for. This movie makes you feel physically so uncomfortable... People constantly shout at each other, this movie feels overly forced to be hectic, aggressive, unsettling, just with the intend of making the audience feel uncomfortable. I get it... it's suppose to make you feel as bad as the character Sandler plays, but I am not sure if he feels worse at the end of the movie, or my stomach.<br/><br/>After reading a few TIFF reviews, I was excited to see this movie, but never have reviews been so misleading.<br/><br/>I think this would have been a good short film, to stress you out for 15-20mins, but having this run for 2 hours and 15min is just to much for a sound mind. Just imagine, you had an all you can eat buffet and now have to ride a rollercoaster for the next 2.5 hours, that's how you gonna feel at the end. A must see for every fan of Sadism and masochism. "A GET-OUT-OF-YOUR-SEAT-AND-LEAVE-THE-THEATRE EXPERIENCE. Starring Adam Sandler, Uncut Gems is easily among the year's worst." I'd rather have sat through Cats again. Oy vey! To say this movie is obnoxious is a gross understatement. And it's horribly HORRIBLY scored. The music alone made me want to leave. The absolute only reason I stayed is that I wanted to see if someone killed Adam's character because he was that obnoxious. I won't say whether or not that happened so I don't spoil it for anyone wanting to see it. And I will say that Adam did a good job, it's just that the movie was terrible. Easily the worst film at the London film festival. More than being just plain bad it was an actively painful and agonising experience.<br/><br/>This torturous movie meanders with no aim in sight for over two hours to reach an unsatisfying and predictable end.<br/><br/>I have never been so baffled by reviews in my life. Too see so many people praising the film for it's tension confused me to no end as the person sitting next to me fell asleep by 4 in the afternoon and frankly I felt the urge to join him. The only tension I felt was a headache from the intentionally dreadful sound desgin.<br/><br/>Avoid this film unless you are a masochist in which case you have found your new favourite. The movie made absolutely no sense whatsoever. There was no flow to the movie, just random events happening that had no impact on the movie at all. Would have rather watched paint dry. It would have been cheaper. We went because of the high ratings and all the praise. Have no idea what the hype was about. This was a long, as in VERY long movie. Chaotic. Loud. Not worth the 2+ hours nor the price of our tickets. Howard (Adam Sandler) operates an NYC jewelry store from an office building. He has guys in the street bring in customers. He loves basketball and players who buy his no paperwork items. He bets on the games and owes money. He is dishonest and unlikable. He is not a character I would display in an era of renewed antisemitism. During the whole film, I cheered when he got punched and groaned when they didn't drop him on his head out of a window. The title of the film comes from an uncut gem he acquired that he expected to make a killing on.<br/><br/>I either love or hate Sandler films. Put this in the hate column. This feature has a confusing beginning and is too hectic to try to keep up with the plot.<br/><br/>Guide: F-word. No sex. Near nudity. I very rarely write reviews. When I do, I try to be brutally honest.<br/><br/>Sandler in a serious role?<br/><br/>You've got to be joking I thought. I am more of a Colin Farrell type of humour guy myself, never thought Adam Sandler was funny much. As a person, he seems nice though but his humour is just not funny to me, only annoying.<br/><br/>So again, in a serious role, really?<br/><br/>No. No no no. It's not a serious role. It's not a thriller. There's just non-stop Adam Sandler, and he is just as annoying, loud and over-the-top goofy as he usually is, but then again - he probably is co-producing at the very least so I guess he could just steal 96,8% of all the screen time since he paid for it, right?<br/><br/>Twice I tried watching this, this, I don't honestly know what it is, and I failed miserably. Suddenly just reached out and shut it off, couldn't take any more of it.
Oh, I know what it is now!<br/><br/>ITS A REGULAR ADAM SANDLER MOVIE!<br/><br/>So, if you like it, want to like it, your partner maybe likes it, or if you just need to get really angry OR waste important life-time ticking, then by all means, go ahead. But if you are one of the above, or maybe you actually think Adam Sandler is a funny guy - that means you're a fanboy / fangirl - yeah then go ahead. I was going to give it two stars, but I add one for Julia Fox, poor woman who had to endure shooting this crap, as she is a very fine woman and has hereby done a great debut, although in completely the wrong movie IMO. Thats all! Watched it for 12 minutes. Stopped watching. Too similar to too many of its ilk; kept waiting for a breakout, then time expired. I'd give this turkey a Zero if possible. Terribly annoying film and not in a good way. Do almost anything else with your time and you'll be ahead. This proves to me the Critics no nothing of entertaining Cinema. I'm going to give this review as much effort as went into making this movie. That is all. Uncut gems more like uncut farts like a bean sock you think it will be good but you put your toes in and its all nasty like a Stinky inky but no pinky I lasted 20 minutes before I could not watch anymore of this. It was great to see Adam outside his normal comedy role and I am sure that if I found the first 20 minutes more interesting then I did and I could stomach watching the rest he would not disappoint. But, alas, I could not go further. If you can then great have fun enjoy and all that. I found it frustrating and annoying. It hurt my head . Turned if off half way through as the incessant shouting finally got to me.<br/><br/>Wooden, boring acting.<br/><br/>Nothing really happens<br/><br/>Did I mention there is a lot of shouting<br/><br/>Not sure how its got so many good reviews.<br/><br/>Awful Long. Boring. Not sure what the hype is all about but this movie is 2 hours too long. Sandler should stick with comedy cause this is beyond terrible. Good thing this was made for Netflix cause it would have been lucky to pull 6 people into theatres. I couldn't belive how bad it started and continued on the same way. It's literally just noise and people yelling for an hour straight. I'm still shocked. I had to turn it off at the 30 minute mark. I literally couldn't take it. No wonder it didn't win a single Oscar. Terrible lol Rarely do I wake up the next day thinking about how much I hated a movie. The yelling, overtalking, the fingernails on a chalkboard soundtrack, I could go on but it's simply insufferable for normal people.
I guess the people who enjoy this must be masochists because its literally painful to watch and hear. I created this IMDB account only to tell you how crap this movie is! Do I need to say more? I was obviously naive thinking positive reviews could not be bought.<br/><br/>Imagine running into a wall passing out. You are totally drunk and when you wake up the world is spinning and you hear music and people yelling. You have no idea what happend and how you got there.. All you want is to get home thinking this was the worst day of your life.<br/><br/>You rather get a magnifying glass, crawl in your back yard to look for gold. Probability is greater to find gold in your garden then finding anything intresting in this movie at all.<br/><br/>I'm out! I don't think I've ever written a review on here. I don't have time and it's just not my thing but I feel compelled to save everyone from seeing this. I feel like it's my responsibility as a human being. I think this was the worst movie I've ever seen. EVER. SEEN. Do yourself a favour and don't waste your time watching this movie that consists of horrible music, a lot of yelling, swearing and too much Adam Sandler. This film actually gave me a panic attack. A bizarre film. Full on. It does not stop. Not for a second.<br/><br/>What was I watching, I asked myself about half way through. What was Howard doing? Was he insane? And then it hit me. He probably was. I was watching a movie about an insane guy. I was watching The life of an insane guy and actually experiencing the insanity of life as lived through the eyes of an insane guy. Hence, this film was insane.<br/><br/>Kudos to the directors for getting A1 performances from debuting actors (Jane Fox; Keith Williams Richards); basketball players (KG) and of course Adam Sandler. Also great to see Judd Hirsch and Eric Bogosian again - those eyes! The cast were absolutely fantastic. There is nothing to care about here. Could have been interesting - subject matter is cool - but Adam Sandler as some kind of wired Uber Jewish stereotype doesn't cut it for me. Ouch. Incredibly annoying on all levels. Madness! Chaos! Insufferably chaotic madness! Annoying characters in annoying situations. Frantic scenes that lead to one abnoxious scenario after another. Not to mention Adam Sandler is never appeasing to watch. This was drawn out and could have been much shorter. Took me 3 sessions to be able to bare through the movie. It's a big mess with a lot of people talking / yelling on top of each other, considered turning on subtitles.<br/><br/>The story is very thin, no likable characters. It's the typical "everything goes downhill"-kind of story. And because of this, the ending wasn't surprising at all. It's very standard for these kind of movies to give a glimmer of hope, and then it just turns out for worst in the end. A "feel bad" movie if you're into that.<br/><br/>The acting is fine. The directing is raw / borderline amateur-ish. But it gives it a real world feeling, also based on the script and how everyone talks on top of each other. That being said, just because something is realistic doesn't mean it's actually good. People just yelling on top of each other non stop for 2 hours isn't much entertainment for me. Utter rubbish. An overly busy, disjointed bag of yelling and swearing and more swearing. Which I spose is supposed to be 'art'.....'high art'. Utter rubbish I tried watching this movie completely, I really did.
But I still gave up a bit past halfway.
The sound throughout this movie is a constant chaos that is making you uncomfortable.
It started to make me physically and emotionally upset, but not for the right reasons.
Although the basic idea of the story is promising, the actual storyline is very thin and it doesn't seem the movie is going somewhere.
The only reason I still give it three stars is because Adam Sandler's performance. How much trash and chaos can an audience handle? This movie shows each viewers limit of acceptance. I was annoyed from start to end. However I felt the maximum dose of happiness when the movie was over. At least thanks for that.
Never ever will watch it again or recommend. I have never had such a physical reaction to a film. IMHO, if the script has to use the F word several times a minute, then it is being used for shock value to hide the weakness of the writing. This could have been a great story about the continually failing connivings of a typical Sandler loser character. What a wasted effort by all involved. Really boring. The story doesn't develop well. Actors have almost an amateur style. Complete waste of time. This movie shocked me, I had seen people recommending the movie and I thought it was just another mediocre Adam Sandler movie. Oh boy was I wrong.<br/><br/>It's a stressful and frantic movie, it's fast paced and everything is going on at the same time. It tells the story of a jeweler who owns money to some mobsters. It's one of those movies where you can feel anxious and plays with your feeling in a rough way.<br/><br/>It's a masterpiece and if you have the time don't hesitate to watch it Fast paced, action with Sandler in a completely different role.
Edge of the seat stuff!..will he make his big score?....his messy love life?.
I was glued from the off set. I will definitely watch & enjoy this again! A movie about a degenerate shartbag, his degenerate friends, degenerate family and degenerate associates. Mostly everyone acts like degenerates and talks over each other constantly. Did I mention it's about degenerates?<br/><br/>The ending was welcome when it came and I felt like everyone pretty much got what they deserved.<br/><br/>The movie was well done as far as it went, but the story and characters are of no consequence. You will not care about any of the characters or out comes of the movie. Within 30 minutes you will realize that this movie was stretched to 2 hours for some reason and you will wonder if this is a sequel to a movie you havent watched. The soundtrack overpowers most dialog in every scene and every scene has people talking over each other about nothing.The movie is called Uncut Gems, but there is way more gambling on basketball, the gems arent even that major of a plot point. Characters can be unlikable, however, there is no reason to watch the spiraling crash of Howard's life. He is so terrible with nothing relatable (not likable) about him, that goes for almost all of the characters, leading to there being only one satisfying enough and predictable outcome. Nothing entertaining or interesting about this movie at all. Terrible in so many ways, yeah ... at times Sandler's acting does get felt by the audience. Mostly just caricatures by all other roles, not seeing the Sadie appeal personally. I truly feel that the critics were paid off on this one. Two hours of pathetic freneticism followed by a moment of simultaneous shock and satisfaction a movie does not make! The Safdie Brothers and Adam Sandler never relent in Uncut Gems. One scene after another, they continue to nurture and grow the building anxiety in the air. As Sandler's character continues to spiral downward in a pit of his own creation, you cannot help but watch and cheer him on to dig deeper. As the final scene concludes it leaves a sense of exhaustion in its wake, but it is not long before that exhaustion is replaced by a hunger for more. Most all of us know Adam Sandler for his romantic comedy and very funny movies, however he steps outside his comfort zone with this work in the very dark drama "Uncut Gems". It's the story of Howard Ratner a New York City jeweler who lives life on the edge walking on the very cracked side of society. His passion in life is making money anyway he can, no matter if it's legal or not as long as the cash flows his way.<br/><br/>However many of his sports bets and deals with shady characters have him drowning in a pool of debt and in the red as he lives for the next score to payoff the big boys of the shady slick underworld. On the side he enjoys sex and pleasure from his sexy mistress as his home life with his kids and wife Dinah(Idina Menzel) are on rocky grounds and about to be buried under. Overall very dark intense film showing that when living in discomfort and doubt one will go to desperate measures and means to survive. Still pretty good direct anti hero performance from Adam Sandler. So much overhyped!Adam Sandler is good in some parts.Avg film. This could have been a great movie if it wasn't for the profanity shout-fest which was hard to overcome and got very tiresome. It could have been so much better had the actors not been directed to shout over each other like kids in a playground throughout the movie. I expected more given I'd read a good review, but honestly, I was glad for the ending. 2 hours of incoherent screaming and shouting. Really irritating film to watch.
If it was done a different way I might of been able to enjoy it, but the story was told far too aggressively; it's too IN YOUR FACE! I realize I am a west coaster so this film may appeal to someone more used to an east coast vibe. But the constant screaming over each other, crazy unnecessary drama (caused by Sandler's gambling addiction) and the cadre of completely unlikeable characters led me and my movie partner to scream JUST SHOOT HIM ALREADY about an hour into what seemed like a 5 hour movie. The most satisfying scene was when he was actually shot in the head and he stopped talking. Intensity level was an 8-10 for the first 75 minutes before we decided to abandon the movie. The most unpleasant 75 minutes of entertainment I wish I never paid for. When we left the theater a sigh a relief for escaping the onscreen madness. I have absolutely zero respect for any critic who provided a great rating for this movie. No stable minded individual will walk out of this movie happy they went to see this nonstop sensory mess. Nothing original about these movie, we've seen it plenty of times. Gambler just digging a deeper and deeper hole, only this time he gets killed for absolutely no reason at the end. I personally had no interest in any of the subject matter. Money, jewelry, and gambling. I haven't walked out of a movie for in a while but this one made me! Movie has no flow to it just an F word every other word and a degenerate gambling jeweler. Please don't waste your time or money , it's godawful! A nonsense half story, people speaking over each other, illogical actions and behaviour from the characters even though the film obviously attempts to be realistic and gritty. The acting is great however and worth a few stars. Constant yelling with a pace that stretches throughout the entire movie. One demential characters that played out as stereotypes with not enough writing to make me care about any of them. AWKWARD CAMEO by The Weekend and a disappointing use of Oneohtrix Point Never. Their sound didn't belong in the universe they were trying to create. It felt like they used left over songs from Goodtime and hearing them made me think about how that's a much better movie. The only parts I enjoyed were the sequences inside the gem and human body. It was implied the main gem had intoxicating and supernatural energy. They could've done a lot with that idea. When Adam Sandler first looked into the gem his eyes shrunk and dopamine released, that could've just been from the amount of money he knew he could make but there was a surreal nature to that scene. When the basketball player looked at the crystals inside the gem, his life flashed through its colors. By taking the gem with him, he is given luck. These scenes encouraged the idea that the gem has powers. If they took more time to show its value, this could've made for a really refreshing and unique film. The established Safdie brothers cinematic universe would've done well handling such supernatural themes. Something like Goodfellas meets Enter the Void. BUT INSTEAD WE GOT ANOTHER GENERIC HOLLYWOOD GANGSTER "YOU OWE ME MONEY" PLOT. Have fun following a degenerate gambler who keeps making Little Nicky tier mistakes for two hours. It was all disappointing. You're much better off watching Goodtime or Heaven Knows What. An allegedly successful trader in the Diamond District, Howard's is going down a slippery slope because of his addiction to gambling.<br/><br/>Having acquired a precious opal for an auction, Howard "lend it" to a basketball player named KG (real player I learnt, but I know nothing about sport, so I wasn't impressed), who thinks the opal makes him unbeatable.<br/><br/>Despite his huge gambling debts and being chased by dangerous goons, Howard continues betting on games played by KG, who hits a winning streak.<br/><br/>While his private life unravel and his debts grows, Howard still has the time for his last, biggest gamble..<br/><br/>Set at a frantic place, without much structure or style, this is a tasteless exercise in fostering anxiety and dread.<br/><br/>On top of the unappealing visual and editing, the F bomb is dropped continuously and vulgarities flow around at mind-numbing speed, even if to achieve a "cool and hip" style, one profanity dropped unexpectedly would be way more shocking than non-stop swearing.<br/><br/>According to the directors, the audience should root for Howard, despite the fact that he is:<br/><br/>a degenerate gambler,
an awful father,
a philandering husband and
a dishonest and unreliable businessman, making an endless series of poor choices<br/><br/>Howard is not even an optimism, but a looser drowning into delusional idiocy. Yet another unsavoury main character, supported by a bunch of obnoxious characters.... possibly the most unoriginal choice in contemporary filmmaking Whats this?? Really?this is too much random stuff no meaning nothing can't even describe what I seen Fast-talking, loud sub-culture... not enjoyable to watch. Instead this is an anxiety provoking film that follows a character through all his horrible decisions, disgusting habits, poor listening skills, poor thinking skills, and ultimately a comedy of errors that leads to the film's conclusion. I got halfway through and all i saw was people shouting at adam sandler. Which was tence and cool at first but the novelty wore off quickly.<br/><br/>The music was also very distracting.<br/><br/>I just didnt get sucked into the story and in the end i found it boring Annoying characters, lots of yelling and weird synth music that overpowers scenes.<br/><br/>If they reduced the number of outbursts and changed the horrible soundtrack, this would actually be tolerable.<br/><br/>I forced myself to watch about an hour and I had to stop because I was getting mad at how terrible this movie was. Don't waste your time. I can't understand the overrating I didn't like the acting, the story, the yelling, he acts with same face as any of his comedy movies. I'm 15 minutes in and can't understand why I'm having to listen to ridiculous music overshadowing the film and what is being said, the music sounds like poor 1950s sci-fi music that has nothing to do with the film... Athough i thaught its gonna be great, tnx imdb for so high grade, It's not realistic. Movie is absolute rubbish. Iritating, yelling, bad acting.. really not even close to the hype that everyone promotes. I'm dissapointed.
So, dont believe me, look ak it and rate it yourself.
The bullet in the end os the best part of movie. Had to use the bathroom and had no incentive whatsoever to go back to the theater to watch this dreck. Just one big, obnoxious Sandler..<br/><br/>Seems the fix is in on this, how 8/10??? Horrible
Purposeless
Wasted use of good actors
No story
Lousy dialog I guess Adam Sandler has been attending the Al Pacino school of acting. This movie can be summarized by Adam Sandler screaming and over acting for 2h14mins. Let us not forget the constant annoying music that plays through out the movie. I m really wondering who has been giving this movie all the high ratings!! Over the saying the one who has the last laugh,......... it all, or i wish it would have happened anyway. so if youre messed up and the mess messes you up than youre ready for the final mass...in a cardboard box.<br/><br/>its a verbal attack at each other, grown up men and pinup ladies, more or less connected to eachother in the greedy business of trading colourful and brilliant gems in new york. its a semiracial battle with a lot of profanity between blacks,jews,italians, slavics and balcans, fighting over the money that the miserable main caracter has flung out the window by gambling.<br/><br/>its not a good movie, and the chatter becomes so loud that it almost touches the nerve of the heartbeat. the filmographic product are viscerall and nearly never still, the sound and editing couldve been better, and the screenplay and acting are just above the interesting level.<br/><br/>if you like adam sandler,youll get what you pay for, he is the menice like always, but being a grumpy old man, i would rather have seen him against some reaal good hollywood crooks. hes fine, but thats all. a small recommend. I come from a third world country and our street market has less noise than this movie Uncut Gems was amazing! I loved it! Adam Sandler was excellent, and this was his best performance in a long time. I know some people didn't like Howard because of how much he yelled, but to me he was funny and an interesting character. His appearance also made him seem like he was a real jeweler. Kevin Garnett impressed me as he should consider acting more. I liked Demany, Julia and Dinah too. I wasn't expecting to see The Weeknd appear, so that was a pleasant surprise. At first, I was skeptical about the opals being the whole premise of this, but it played off very well.<br/><br/>Man, there was a lot of intensity throughout this. Every scene you wouldn't know what would happen or what Howard would do next. They did a good job of making it seem like it was the year 2012 with the basketball games and iPhone settings. I forgot how the NBA playoffs went in 2012, so that last game really had me on the edge of my seat and hoping that Howard's bet would be a success. The ending shocked me as I didn't expect Howard to die but I guess with the life he was living he would've met his end, eventually. I didn't have a good feeling about Arnold's men but definitely didn't see that coming. I can't imagine how Julia, Dinah and the rest reacted to the news.<br/><br/>Overall, I'll give Uncut Gems a 10/10. Awesome movie that was definitely snubbed by the Oscars. Sandler is golden and nails this character, and you will both hate and pity this character. What a self destructive, self sabotaging, obsessively lying, absolute, unequivocal screw-up this guy is. It's so frustrating you want to yell at the screen, wondering constantly if he'll make it the next five minutes without one of the many people he lies to either having him beat into icu or killed. This movie will stress you! This was a very depressing movie. If you are feeling fragile give it a miss. I have never liked Adam Sandler and did not believe he could pull off a straight character without all his usual bluster in a comedy. But he did! He was not the problem. It was messy, noisy and, most of all, made me feel miserable. His portrayal of a self destructive guy was credible. All the acting was good. I did not like the script. For those who did, fine! It was just not my cup of tea. A husband and daughter with me did not enjoy it either. What kind of mood you would need to be in to find it enjoyable I am not sure but with all that is going on at the moment in the world a depressing film like this did not hit the spot for many of us. Emotionally still very Safdi, noisy, chaotic, panic. Immerse the character in a restless atmosphere. But the last few rounds of handling are still very powerful, and the whole story has improved a lot. Garnett's cameo is also a very big highlight, making this movie more virtual and real, with a mysterious power in it. Adam Sandler also played well and tried to change himself. This is the kind of story telling that just makes filmmaking an art. What Adam Sandler has done is just powerful, his performance gripped me into the film for these 2 hours. I mean this is a gem, the uncut gem. This film, this movie is not about money, but about winning and believing in something that someone wants to achieve or get. Howard, where is my money man. Good god. Awesome. I've had a couple of days to digest my thoughts about this film, and do you know what, it's not actually that bad.<br/><br/>The mere thought of watching 'another' Adam Sandler film had me expressing thoughts of disappointment before it had even started.<br/><br/>However I knew a good film may be in store when I saw the Martin Scorsese in the credits at the start of the film.<br/><br/>Sandler plays a 'hyper' New York jeweller cum gambler Howard Ratner.
Ratner isn't your usual Sandler character. He is more of a Joe Pesci in a Scorsese film.<br/><br/>Ratner falls into the unfortunate trap that befalls many gamblers, chasing their losses.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems has menacing henchman who threaten Ratner like bailiffs in search of their court judgments.<br/><br/>The film is successfully directed by Benny and Josh Safdie. A brother combination as good as the Coens and prove that given the right material Sandler can actually act.<br/><br/>I would recommend this film to anybody exploring Sandler's 'limited ' filmography. I probably would've rated this movie higher but its so tense, and so frantic that there were parts where I couldn't actually enjoy the movie. Beautifully shot, amazingly acted, believable, shocking, and exhilarating. Don't watch if you're trying to relax. I liked it. It was one hell of a stressful movie though. Adam did a heck of a job in the role. Should he have been nominated? IDK<br/><br/>I will tell you the soundtrack needed some work.<br/><br/>Overall the movie had me on the edge of my seat due to the stupidity of the main character. This is by no means a movie that everyone will love, but the people who like it will definitely think it is a masterpiece, and it does not lose the style of a complex and chaotic story, and it will be able to make the sensory stimulation the limit and be able to complete the characters fully and fully. In the course of the whole view, the audience can feel the shock of the eardrum, the confusion of the mind, the eagerness to sit on the edge of the chair for Howard, and be caught by the anxiety, curiosity and excitement that can't be stopped, and eventually the unexpected blow. Not many movies leave me feeling sorry for the main character.. even if they deserve it a little bit... but dang the ending had my dazed and confused.. I was like dang I was not expecting that... all in all I did enjoy the movie .. maybe a few things could have been done differently but hay I'm not the director.. so what you waiting for go watch it All around good movie with A Darker side of Sandler. Kept me on my twos for the most part all the way up to the end.
In this movie shows a man with a serious gambling addiction. This addiction Leeds have 2 living a chaotic and problematic lifestyle. He turns out just being a terrible person to everyone around him. Made me feel a little aggro towards him and wasn't really a character I was rooting for. His fate gave closure for the guy and the movie unfortunately in a dark way. Howard Ratner is a jeweller doing his best to get by in the big city. A blabbermouth, gambler, swindler and opportunist this not so smooth operator has Lady Luck frequently ditching and dumping him leaving a frequent trail of trouble and chaos in his personal life. A racket which promises him a big payoff sets his hopes sky-high amidst the turmoil of angry debtors, an indifferent family and a sexy complicated mistress. "Uncut Gems" finds Adam Sandler in another foray outside the world of comedy and he cuts a fine performance as the fruity-looking and bustling world-weary lead character whose testing of fate leads to his abrupt and unexpected downfall. The movie is a good depiction of the fast-paced and energetic rush of modern life in the urban jungle. Although the repetitive storyline lags the film to considerable tedium the acting and fast-pace make the film worth the watch. Fun and viewable, "Uncut Gems" is one of the many films to see from a year that has proven to be one of the very best in cinema. I don't know if I have seen a more stressful movie ever. Though the plot isn't too layered, It was gripping the whole length of the film. There are no breaks throughout the whole runtime. Finishing this movie was a relief to my insides due to being on edge for such a long period of time. The best way I could describe this film is over two hours of riding up a roller coaster and when u finally hit the top, the ride is over. Uncut Gems will raise your heart rate significantly and for a long 2 hours with no real breaks. This movie also had me, a Miami Heat fan, cheering for KG. Maybe this is why I was so stressed. Sandler is terrific. This film is great, but it loves to torture you. Yes. Adam Sandler plays an a-hole
Yes. Everyone is yelling throughout the whole movie.
Yes. This guy could screw up a wet dream.
Yes. I wound up liking this movie and was completely shocked at the end.<br/><br/>I didnt have much hope for this as I'm not a huge Sandler fan. But wow. I walked away actually liking this movie and thought the ending was superb Now, this is truly a weird one, because i feel as tho every single review under this title is completely correct. This is by far one of the messiest movies i have ever seen, however it adds up for it with a surprisingly great perfomance by Adam Sandler, a sentence i never in my life thought i would write out. You either love it or absolutely despise it, nothing more and nothing less. This time, the safdi brothers found a suitable theme for their crazy images. The psychological motivation of the characters as the basis of narration and the macro world that interferes with the choice of the characters are bound together by a piece of original diamond that integrates mystery, vulgarity and absurdity, gradually expanding the individual's obsession to the world. The flexible use of popular culture is the fatalism trend of the film, and exaggerated editing Style gives a realistic tone. This movie kinda sucked the life out me at first. The score was a little too old school and a little too dramatic for the tone of the film. And not in a good way. Great story. it did drag at times but it kept me interested. This was really good. I always liked Adam Sandler and I'm glad he did a serious movie like this. It was funny too, of course. Very realistic. A lot of yelling, swearing, and a plot that drags a little but man what an ending! Adam Sandler is good but man I'd hate to live like this people live. Continuous stress, swearing, and drama. That Fox actress was good, I think we'll see more of her. Overall, good entertainment. I'd watch it again. This was a lot to deal with! Not sure if enjoyed is the right word, but you know you've watched it. Adam Sandler is really surprisIng. Never imagined him doing something like this. one of the more interesting Netflix films. This movie is hectic, messy and shaky. At first, I attributed it to bad cinematography. However, as the movie went on, I became aware that it is intentional. The purpose is to truthfully depict the life of the main character, and it was a success. The audience is drawn to and immersed in his fast pace of life, his endless mistakes and corrections, as well as his stressful struggle to regain control over his life. Although the lead is more greedy than the average people, we can still sympathise and even empathise with his emotions. The idea is further supported as the character is well portrayed by Adam Sandler.
This is a bad thriller, however, with no new material, no surprises, and even the final twist cannot salvage this. I think one of the main reasons people were turned off was it hitting close to home in portraying how distorted our self esteem/self worth becomes when money (or it's products, or it's pursuits) defines us. The search for the defining hit (the gem in this case; the gambles in other cases) can overtake professionals in all professions (even sports). Great acting (yes some predictable), I especially thought Garnett did well. A violently fast paced story line , an intense cinematography , a well delivered performances from the actors .. this movie has all what you need ! I absolutely loved this movie. In a lot of ways, this was the Rounders of sports betting. I can see myself reciting lines from it as I place my $50 sports bet, the same way I recite lines from Rounders when I tell my friends that "I'll Splash the Pot Whenever the F I Please".<br/><br/>I thought Sandler truly captured the character. I know people like this, I've seen it. Successful guys that just need that one last thrill, that one big bet... that always turns into another. Sandler caught the sloppiness, the deceit, the anxiousness of these type of guys so well that I'd bet he or a loved one went through something like this.<br/><br/>I thought it was really clever how they tied in Garnett and the NBA ECF he played in too. Can't recall a movie doing that well.<br/><br/>The ending was cool too, a budget Reservoir Dogs type of ending, but cool nonetheless.<br/><br/>I enjoyed how the Safdie brothers filmed the movie. They were able to display the gritty side of NYC, while still showing the money that flows around so readily. The film was very gray & I think it helped convey the fog that Sandler was in. Great, original movie. People saying it's a rollercoaster must like rollercoasters that go in straight lines at 10mph whilst birds poo on their heads. First of all I have to say that I loved Adam Sandler playing he did great. I am confused, because average idea of this movie is intresting and original, but as many people noticed there is big mess and I am not really big fan of it. Watching I felt really frustraited and tired of constant overshouting each of charachters. Everything was making me annyoed so I could not enjoy a movie the way wish I had. Someone would like this mess someone would feel me and Uncut Gems could keep me in tension and I got into it anyway. Chaotic vibes and messy. Adam Sandler is good and energetic. Do people really live like this? Adam Sandler was fantastic; everyone was fantastic. Great movie, but so stressful. Very exhausting to watch but excellent acting by Adam Sandler There needs to be some comic relief in a movie like this Excellent directing and editing While Adam Sandler delivers an indisputably capturing performance of a gambling addict who masterfully seems manipulate dozens of people through the chaos of his life, the frenetic storytelling style and obnoxiously loud score distract us from the fact that the plot raises more questions than in answers.<br/><br/>How did this idiot make it this far in life?
Why would anyone trust this man with anything, ever?
What happens to literally any of the characters at the conclusion of the film? (Besides those present in the shop).<br/><br/>The real disappointment here is that the storyteller's need to 'stand out' with a unique film (and it is truly unique) prevents its audience from enjoying some really wonderful performances and compelex characters. It hurt my head to watch but I was thoroughly engaged and Sandler was fantastic throughout. It wasn't perfect but if you like high intensity you'll almost certainly enjoy this to some extent! It's easy to throw mud at Adam Sandler, but no question this film is a gem. Edge of your seat, you forget this is Adam with the same going for Idina Menzel. This films quality & star change of direction reminds me of Matthew Mconohay turn in Mud. Much is made of Adam's so called laziness with his other films, the same was said about Matthew. Each Happy Maddison production reaches a market of people wanting escapism from every day stresses. This would make Adam the smartest guy in the room, by meeting market demand and taking on the occasional dramatic role like Uncut Gems to keep him industry relevant. I look forward to both from Adam in coming years. Do not be fooled by Adam Sandler. This is not a comedy, this is an excellent movie about one man not knowing when to stop. Just watch it. From one sceene to another, youbjust wonder how this guy is still alive. Watch the movie. For sure Adam Sandler is lifting this movuie to a higher level, what a great actor is this, perfect performance!! The story never really made any sense. Adam Sandler was quite good and Julia Fox was... well, foxy. And then in the end was this deus ex machina twist. But still, the movie was better than average. This movie was an intense roller coaster that had me gripped throughout. From nail biting agony to moments of joy since I was dying to actually see him succeed. The entire movie carried this intense energy that had me psyched up, including sandler himself who played the role so well and with such charisma. Despite the nature of the ending it really made me smile and I found it quite hopeful, like anything is possible if you believe it I tried this film after an on line recommendation. After 30 minutes I was wondering why but felt compelled to see it through. And I'm pleased I did. I found the music irritating and although true to life, the actors talking or shouting over each other made it difficult to follow conversations and at times became downright annoying. That aside, Adam Sandler is a revelation in a serious role and Kevin Garrett acted well for a sportsman. The story is interesting leading up to a slightly surprising ending. Worth a watch but not with children or your grandparents as the F word used over 400 times! Few things:
Life story of a addicted gambler; people are surprised it's really loud and all over the place. But actualy I find it a great description of such life. The movie really goes 100% for the story it's trying to tell, and i kind of admire that. Sure, it's not a 'girlfriend suitable' movie, but at least it doesn't romance everything like every other hollywood movie we see these days. As to the yelling: have you ever heard a guy from NY talking? Exactly spot on, and if you accept this, you might have a good laugh about because americans and specialy big city americans are always all over the place when they're talking, it's genius character creation. Cheers to the producer must have been difficult making such stressing movie.<br/><br/>I like it, for being different. Good job Sandlers, not used to seem him in something so intense.
(Sorry for poor english) Just meh with a smattering of ok, kinda meandered all over before finding it's way. This is a contemporary classic, just enjoy the experience without constantly asking yourself "do I like it?" cause that's the point where most negative reviews come from. Trust me, I'm not fond of the genre but it's really really good! It was so nice to see Adam play this role. From seeing him in primarily comedic roles, you really get to see and feel a 180..my heart was in my chest what felt like the whole duration of this movie.. very thrilling and was interesting to know that this was based of a real story..Julia fox.. sheesh.. the aesthetic of the filming, the wardrobe.. over all one of the best movies of 2019 IMO. Must see. Heard Joey Diaz talk about how great this movie was so I had high hopes for this. Let me tell you I wasn't disappointed! Adam Sandler brings an unsettling aura to this drama, but all the acting was on point. The music was very nice, it was retro and original. Definitely something you can hear again while doing stuff. Really liked the cinematography in this, especially the crazy colourful, almost hypnotic shots of the gem. I recommend this to somebody that likes mature and complex movies. The hated the music score; detracted significantly from the films energy. Adam Sandlers best movie.... By far..... What a thrill The Safdie brothers once again managed to make a film that kept me on the edge of the chair. Adam Sandler is extraordinary in this film, clearly the role of his career. Even though we don't have a classic narrative structure, this movie gave me the odd Scorsese movie impression combined with Tarantino, the way the characters are portrayed. I can't wait to see what Josh and Benny Safdie will do next. One of the best one from Adam Sandler non-romance comedy movies. A bit rough to watch its one of those movies that you either really like it or hate it. Like others this is very much a Marmite film. I didn't like it and just found it noisy and stressful but that's the point of the film. This film floated by and had a real impact on understanding addiction. Not a fan of Adam Sandler, but he was cut for this role. It took my attention from the start... What makes it great, is the anxiety of the character that is passed on during the movie, so the shouting is essential to it... A movie doesn't need to have a strong story line, it has to capture your full attention and be able to keep it till the end. This is what a good movie is all about... From start to finish Uncut Gems is a frenetic ride of absolute chaos rhythmically executed into a beautifully polished masterpiece. Would have appreciated an opposite ending but it is what it is.
The film score, cast and direction is spectacular. This movie renewed my faith in Adam Sandler. I'm going to watch this again! If you enjoy a movie with FAST pace, great soundtrack and just bunch of craziness (with really solid characters), do yourself a favor and watch this movie. It's definitely not for everyone, but if it is for you, you will love it. In which Adam Sandler has his second 'role of a lifetime' - his first being his remarkable 2002 performance as Barry Egan, the lovestruck pursuant of Emily Watson's Lena Leonard, in Punch Drunk Love by Paul Thomas Anderson.<br/><br/>It's the greatest rom-com ever made.<br/><br/>That was the film that made me believe Adam Sandler was a truly great actor.<br/><br/>And it's taken him 17 years to live up to his potential.<br/><br/>But in Uncut Gems he does just that, prosthetic teeth and all.<br/><br/>I first saw a Safdie Brothers movie just a few weeks ago in anticipation of this. Their Good Time, starring Robert Pattinson, is not a million miles away from Uncut Gems stylistically but this follow up is a step up.<br/><br/>For a start it has Sandler; and Sandler is magnificent. Reminiscent of an X rated Clockwise in which John Cleese has everything in the world go wrong for him, this is just as agonising although much, much blacker.<br/><br/>Sandler plays hustling New York Jeweller, Howard Ratner, as he lays off one disastrous deal against another. Buying favours, selling and pawning his clients' most treasured possessions to find the cash to pay off gambling debts, loans and other unexplained debts.<br/><br/>It makes a Wonga debt look like chickenfeed.<br/><br/>His big life saver though is an Ethiopian Opal that he has happened upon, how legally we do not know, but certainly it's morally dubious.<br/><br/>The opal is essentially the titular character and its possession leads to all sorts of ups and downs as the MAGNIFICENT Sandler negotiates himself between each final throw of the dice in his financial life, his business life, his sex life and his home life.<br/><br/>it's an omnishambles of stupendous proportions. You couldn't make it up. Except the Safries do.<br/><br/>Their style is hand held, oversaturated, jerky camera work conjoined with overdubbed, multilayered dialogue that is often so dense you can barely make out a word. The soundtrack is corn-tastic 70's lift music /musak/ blaxploitation/ C Movie - it's both breathtaking and gripping, despite its mix of unlistenable-ness and sheer beauty.<br/><br/>But this is all about shouty, sweaty, exhausting, heart-attack imbuing Sandler. What a role - allegedly it took years to convince him to play it and, without him, the Safdie's were going to shelve the project.<br/><br/>Scorsese is an Executive Director and there are strong sniffs of Mean Streets and Taxi Driver in this.<br/><br/>All the better.<br/><br/>Bring it on I say.<br/><br/>The Safdies are a glorious new talent; Sandler an under appreciated titan of the cinema.<br/><br/>This is his legacy and he should have won an Oscar for it.<br/><br/>Wonderful.<br/><br/>(My wife hated it. It is, after all, pure Marmite.) The second major film directed by Josh and Benny Safdie, Uncut Gems is exactly what it says it is. A raw, busy, realistic heart attack that makes you feel tense from start to finish.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler plays Howard, a charismatic but highly troubled New York City jeweller that's constantly looking for his next big score. He spends the film making vulgar comments and avoiding the plethora of enemies he's made from his quick, cash-grab scams and you feel all the emotion of constantly looking over your shoulder throughout the 2 hours 15 minutes runtime.<br/><br/>When Howard comes across the opportunity to make an incredibly high-stakes bet he risks everything for this last big windfall of cash, while dragging the seediest of gang members, bookies and even NBA starts into his warped manipulative world.<br/><br/>Sandler is the best thing about the film, bringing surprising depth to a role that we haven't seen from him before, and adapts the characters uncomfortable presence to fit the tense storytelling that makes you feel, especially for the last hour, as if your chest is locked in a vice. Adam Sandler is absolutely fantastic as the gruff, sleazy, naive, endlessly optimistic Howard Ratner, a risk-taking gambler and jeweller who is in debt with some rather angry and unsympathetic characters.<br/><br/>One bad decision and a lot of bad luck sends Howard's life spiralling out of control, and the film sticks very closely with Howard as we watch him struggle to keep a lid on everything.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems establishes a level of tension right from the get go which quickly increases as Howard pushes further into the ensuing madness.<br/><br/>This tension may put people off as its achieved through naturalistic performances and some spectacular editing; quick cuts, lots of reaction shots and characters shouting over each other gives the film its freneticism and then the claustraphobic cinematography and performances imbue a sense of realism in the film that makes the tension almost unbearable at times, it's borderline anxiety inducing.<br/><br/>However, if you can go with it then you will be utterly transfixed for the duration.<br/><br/>For me Uncut Gems was a masterclass in rising tension, my mouth dropped at the end. Adam Sandler gives a fantastic performance and the Safdie brothers have really triumphed on a technical level, to sustain the pace for over 2 hours is an achievement in itself.<br/><br/>My only criticism would be that thematically there's not much to chew on afterwards... this is a story of one man's addiction to risk and the danger of his greed and optimism and that's pretty much it.<br/><br/>Overall, a brilliant film that showcases Sandler as a real actor to be lauded amongst the best and that the Safdies are a powerhouse pair of directors, I cant wait to see what they do next. Adam Sandler almost always appears in comedies, but he tries a dramatic turn in this film as Howard Ratner, a Jewish jewelry store owner with a severe gambling problem. Sandler is often accused of phoning in his performances, but not this time. His performance is so over the top that it might as well be comedic, and it may be the best of his career. He even wears false teeth during his scenes. Set over the course of a few days in New York in 2012, Ratner is constantly hustling and scamming people with whom he does business, and it catches up with him eventually. Howard owes money to his brother-in-law and loan shark Arno (Eric Bogosian), is close to a divorce with his wife Dinah (Idina Menzel), and is having an affair with Julia (Julia Fox), who works in his store and lives in an apartment he pays for. To my surprise, by the end of the movie I was so sympathetic to Howard that I was rooting for him.
The title refers to a rock of uncut opals that he smuggles into the U.S. inserted into the stomach of a fish. The rock functions as a "maguffin", an object that drives the plot of the movie. The co-directors and co-authors with Ronald Bronstein, Josh and Bennie Safdie are Syrian Jews whose father worked in New York's diamond district, so that part has an authentic feel to it. Basketball star Kevin Garnett plays himself, and footage from his games is used to advance the plot. It is quite a movie. This film will drive you crazy for several reasons firstly there is an absurd amount of shouting which is beyond distraction! Secondly the plot jumps about and at times makes no sense. Thirdly there are tension building incidents that are just too uncomfortable and go in too long!! That aside it does keep you gripped to the end. Overall the acting is really good and the plot is just about interesting enough. Worth a watch but my review may be a little generous. Having liked Good Time by the Safdie brothers, I had to watch Uncut Gems.
And frankly - it struck me as a very unique, special film.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems makes the viewer genuinely stressed about what is happening on the screen - which I believe to be an absolute triumph for the directors and writers.<br/><br/>The anxiety is definitely kicked a notch up vs. Good Time. The viewer is always on edge about what this jeweller / con-artist might do next.
The character portrayed by Adam Sandler - by far the best role I have seen in him - is incredibly captivating as Howard. Who you sort of root for, but never fully understand his actions. As he aims to rise the stakes at every turn.<br/><br/>The dialogue is of one the most realistic I have ever seen in a movie - all tense scenes are filled with several characters shouting and speaking on top of each other. To those complaining about this aspect of the movie, I say - fair, but how do you talk when you under stress and in confrontation?
I thought it was absolutely spot on. It helps build the tension and makes the film all the more real<br/><br/>Strongly recommend this one for lovers of movies about charismatic characters in the real world with high tension (although perhaps not for the faint of heart) I don't like Adam Sandler, the films I've had the misfortune to watch with him in have been atrocious. So it's with some trepidation that I'm watching this, having heard that it's actually very good. Is it good? Well yes I guess so, but it's also bloody irritating to watch, two hours of unfolding frustration as Sandler, a larger than life New York jeweller digs himself deeper and deeper in debt with people you don't want to be in debt with. It's like a slow motion car crash, you know it's going to end badly, there's no way out, just get it over with. It's exhausting too, every, single, scene is a cacophony of voices shouting over one another, the threats get more violent, the debt more out of control. It's almost unbearable. In fact it is, I struggled to get to the end. Yes it's clearly the best thing I've seen Sandler in, but it's so unhinged, I hated it, hated him, hated everyone in it... but, that's all intentional, so can you enjoy a film you hate? Surprisingly, yes I think you can. Looking at the lower reviews, they're not wrong I mean this is almost two hours of people shouting at each other, super fast dialogue and too loud background music which makes the whole thing very stressed. But at the same time it keeps you on the edge of your seat, waiting for the poor guy to finally catch a break in his long streak of self induced bad luck. The ending was a shock for me and I literally gasped, but thinking about it, it was the perfect ending to a crazy ride. Definitely go see this one as it is, if nothing else, an original gem (pun intended) and I can feel the cult status coming. I guess Adam Sandler makes a excellent and amazing performance showing the other face of the gem. The story based on a regular guy trying to survive on the world of bets & gems. This film is exhausting as there's so much energy coming from Adam Sandler's character who puts in a very good performance. The acting was top notch overall with a plot ending I just didn't see coming so I was shocked. A very good film which is much better than that Overrated potboiler 'The Irishman'. The movie was really good. But quite messy sometimes, I liked it. It made me tear up. This movie is definitely up there as one of the most stressful, tense and chaotic movies ever. Not a dull moment from beginning to end. Adam Sandler at his best! Very skeptic about this movie. Adam Sandler starring role and critics like the film is as funny as a screen door on a battleship. Beyond Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison, Punch Drunk Love was actually pretty good. Maybe the hype is real? It's real.<br/><br/>Two words to describe this film: anxiety and stress. I felt these two things throughout the entire movie as though as I was a part of the plot. It's the same feeling you get when you hate the bad guy in a film. The story starts off smooth and then goes to 100 in a seconds. You empathize for the character, but also feel envious of the character. How can this guy have all these nice things and yet be such a mess?<br/><br/>Props to Rest of the cast Kevin Garnett, Lakeith Stanfield, Julia Fox, and Idina Menzel. I think I can rarely say that a movie recorded in this way would have liked me. I mean the conversations between the actors are very fast, causing a kind of confusion, which in other films I would not like, but which in this film gives a special touch. Adam Sandler was spectacular, I think it's one of his best 3 performances, even if he he played a role he has rarely played. Some of the scenes in the movie are surreal, like the one where KG, Demany and the other guy are locked in the lobby of Howard's shop. However, those scenes are the ones that give the film a special touch, because the most unexpected things can happen in real life, even when you need things to go well. Normal human beings, doing normal things, that sometimes get out of their control, if they were ever under their control. That's it. This kind of movie can go either way , brilliant or really bad, and I don't really like Sandler as a comedy actor .<br/><br/>But to my surprise, I enjoyed the movie - a lot !
Sandler's character and acting were credible and on point, a real pleasure to watch .<br/><br/>The film is well made, the story well told, nice camera work and editing, just fun, edgy entertainment .<br/><br/>So for me it's a 6/10 - a rewachtable, solid flick .<br/><br/>Btw., could people please stop handing out 10/10 ratings like candy ?
It really messes up the whole rating system . Wasn't annoying.<br/><br/>Even though there was no ebb and flow to Sandler's character, I was very attentive to the realistic conflicts and conditions. The cast of first timers were a visual grabber from the mobsters, the pawn shop guys, guys trying to collect on their debts, to the 'copter pilot, etc. They very much had the feel of very good improv.<br/><br/>Except running from the bad guys in the parking lot, I really didn't seem to think that Sandler's character was in fear. That was just a part of doing business. Hard to think that he had a gambling problem if he won so big the first and second time. Would have liked more figures he was in debt for that would have heightened the peril. And some history of him losing at gambling and how much that was.<br/><br/>There were nuances in the basketball betting and subsequent games that were hard to follow.<br/><br/>Very puzzled by Sandler's character insisting that the opal was worth a million vs. what it went for. The character was very good at what he did and wouldn't have been that wrong. And loaning it to Kevin Garnett (who was also very good) was manufactured but needed to launch the peril.<br/><br/>I'd be curious how Sandler approached this. Being that there wasn't any real dimension to the guy, I would assume that he was just imitating a very annoying person he knew but it worked out far better than expected.<br/><br/>Not sure if it was the intent, but I came away from it with a strong impression that it was portraying the most agitating of Jewish cliches and some black cliches with no counters to them. Odd as I know the directors/brothers are also Jewish. It really didn't make the family life and those people appealing or likeable. (Don't you Trumpers start feeling a kinship with my observation.)<br/><br/>Had seen the directors' previous film Good Times. The actual shooting looked very rough (like this one) and was very self-indulgent but worked when it shouldn't have. Has a very 70s/80s feel to it. And the soundtrack was Tangerine Dream leftovers? But both films very much a wealth of opportunities for actors.<br/><br/>I'd like to see more from them. Uncut Gems is a good movie with a very solid cast. Adam Sandler delivers one of his best performances in a strong plot.<br/><br/>Pros: Strong Acting, humor hits, interesting plot<br/><br/>Cons: A few awkward moments that are hard to watch in terms of getting second-hand embarrassment, the ending is very predictable but it was still enjoyable to watch The movie is a very well made, and acted movie. Adam sandler does an incredible job at ratcheting up the tension throughout the film. But I think the hype and award buzz set my expectations a bit high. For his first role besides comedy it was cool only cons is the length of the movie and music sounded like an old out of space movie Tremendous acting in a story about unlikeable people. The director builds a sense of energy and volume. Well done movie that I can admire but didn't necessarily enjoy. The movie is energetic and intense from the very beginning and succeeds in keeping that momentum through the whole movie till the very end and that's very impressive. That being said, this isn't a comfortable movie to chill out too and if you do you are going to be disappointed.<br/><br/>The reason I give the movie a high score is simply because it is not a very traditional movie. For me personally, that is a good thing. That is why you may see a lot of reviewers bashing this movie for only containing extreme conversations and threatening. For me it is something more than just that and is why I rate it 8/10. Great movie and realistic view of that lifestyle! From my days growing up in Queens, NY and working in the Diamond District in NYC, this is definitely reality to all you small time and small townies that can't believe that this is actually real life and not just a scripted movie! Great performance by Adam Sandler! Adam Sandler goes against type to an intense, dark, gritty work that is one of his best performances. Absolutely my opinion of NYC. Dangerous, fast and crooked. If you are looking for a light comedy or your not really a film lover, don't bother. If you like different films that are not out of any mold, don't miss this one on the big screen. Our group was riveted, could not look away for a second. My blood pressure was sky high when we left. Sandler's character wasn't very logical, which I didn't like. The protagonist didn't seem to have any redeeming quality, making me search hard for some more depth to this film, only coming up (mostly) empty-handed. What we were served with was a film with perhaps a bit of truth and reality to it, but really not much more. I don't think I've learned anything from this film I don't know what to say. Julia Fox looks magnificently hot in that lingerie. Won't be able to get that frame out of my mind now.<br/><br/>Oh and movie's good too. Adam Sandler proves himself to be a great actor when he wants to try. Story's slow, but intense, with lots of twists and turns. If I'm gonna be honest here, though, it's too obvious how this movie's gonna end. Although I was not disappointed, I simply expected more, according to the hype of the people this should have been the movie of the year, I think it is an unconventional thriller but the script occasionally takes very simple solutions, the tension of the film is in the cinematography and in the hyperactive edition, the soundtrack is squeaky and bothers to be used excessively, however Sandler's performance is quite good against popular belief. When I saw earlier this year Murder Mystery (another Sandler movie) I said that Adam just could not make good movies, Uncut Gems is good but not great. And I say almost because the ending is unexpectedly good and what saved this movie from complete failure! That being said, the viewers go through hell and high water until they get there, though.
Let me start by saying I watched this movie out of curiosity after reading some very promising reviews and hoping that Adam Sandler will finally give us a performance to remember.
Unfortunately, I was bitterly disappointed. The constant screaming and nagging and running around of the movie left me confused at best.
In addition to the unnecessarily at times frenetic rhythm, there are these caricatures of clichd characters. Honestly, the most interesting ones to me was the minimalist duo of Arno and Phil, in contrast to that of Sandler who only manages to give an over-the-top performance.
All in all and to save you some trouble, skip most of the middle part and go right to the end sequence. Believe me, you will miss nothing of importance. Adam Sandler does a great job stepping out of his usual dim witted character to play a serious sleaze ball, Howard, a sketchy jeweler who you would't trust to water your plants. The movie follows Howard as he gets his hands on an uncut gem from Ethiopia and subsequently tries to sell it to basketball star, Kevin Garrett in order to pay off his numerous debts. Of course Howard's plan goes off the rails, and he spends the rest of the movie trying to piece the deal together including a brief stint, naked in his own trunk.<br/><br/>The plot is pretty decent and I really enjoyed the new character from Sandler even though no one could possibly like the character, which is where I have qualms. They made Howard so unlikable that it was hard to care about his outcome and for that matter, the movie's. At the end I was just worried about Idina Menzel, Howard's wife. "Everything I do is not going right."<br/><br/>So sobs Howard, the adrenaline-junkie diamond dealer gambling addict played by Adam Sandler in "Uncut Gems." Taking place over the course of a couple of days, "Uncut Gems," directed by Josh and Benny Safdie, hurtles along a narrow track over a yawning abyss, following Howard as he attempts to pay down his huge gambling debts by, of course, placing increasingly risky bets. There's the hope that once he pays it all off, he'll wipe the slate clean, and repair some of the bridges he's burned. But everyone around Howard knows this is a fantasy. His addiction is too entrenched. The dazzle of the "uncut gems" in the title is not a surface shine. It glows at the center of the earth, it burns in Howard's core.<br/><br/>It makes sense, then, that "Uncut Gems" would start with a sequence where the camera goes inside a black opal (dug out of the Welo opal mines in northern Ethiopia) which then morphs into the inside of a human colon. The colon of Howard, to be exact, as he endures a colonoscopy. The images on the hospital monitor look similar to the fantastical space of the opal's innards, its curves and layers. This is metaphor writ so large it's brazen, a theme hammered home with refreshing rhetorical candor. The opal is inside Howard, his need for it comes from the basest part of him. He lives in a state of "gold sickness" or "dragon sickness" (so vividly described by J.R.R. Tolkien in The Hobbit), the hypnotic power of gems luring men into madness since the beginning of time, seeking pirate's gold, El Dorado, the Holy Grail, on doomed colonialist adventures. Howard's black opal is the same as any long-besought gem: it emanates a magical pull on all who look upon it. Its power is almost wholly symbolic.<br/><br/>Co-written by the Safdies and regular collaborator Ronald Bronstein, "Uncut Gems" immerses you in Howard's nutty cacophonous world. Howard's jewelry shop in New York's Diamond District is a tiny space with the atmosphere of a three-ring circus. The double entrance to his shop-requiring two buzzes-is a buffer between Howard and the world, giving him (at the most) 10 seconds lead time against anyone looking for him. His assistant Demany (LaKeith Stanfield) hustles clients who might be interested in the flashy items in Howard's inventory, and the latest lure is Boston Celtics star Kevin Garnett (playing himself), waiting in the shop when Howard returns from the colonoscopy. Howard can't resist showing Garnett his latest acquisition: the opal, just arrived from Ethiopia, which Howard is putting it up for auction later in the week (at a hugely inflated price). He tells Garnett about how he feels connected to the Ethiopian Jews who dig up the opals, and his enthusiasm is so passionate it's catching. Garnett asks if he could borrow the opal for good luck at the upcoming Eastern Conference finals, and Howard says yes.<br/><br/>Howard saying "yes" is the first of the many, many terrible choices he makes over the next 135 minutes. He owes so much money that goons follow him around, showing up at his office. These people mean business. His wife (Idina Menzel) seethes with hatred for him. His daughter can barely tolerate him. He's put up his young mistress (Julia Fox) in an apartment he's rented for her. Howard is always on the go, always running out of rooms, racing down sidewalks, charging across lobbies.<br/><br/>And that's the thing about addiction, the thing that "Uncut Gems" really understands. On some level, the stress is the point. The nerve endings are so frayed they need the stress. Howard is useless without panic. So is his mistress, who also suffers from a form of "gold sickness." It is their main bond. This is not a "cautionary tale" about the dangers of gambling. It's more like a virtual-reality game where you step into Howard's experience.<br/><br/>The Safdies use New York City in ways that haven't been seen since films in the '70s. The city has been so cleaned up and gentrified and homogenized it might be easy to forget that so much goes on at street-level, so much chaos, the marginalized and lost seeking a foothold, the grifters and hustlers slipping through the cracks, working their angles. The Safdies' "Heaven Knows What" was documentary-like in its approach, but their follow-up "Good Time" was a race-against-the-clock thriller, its action sprawling over the five boroughs. The Safdies are nervy, funny, and comfortable with discomfort. Their characters have no access to comfort, and yet in every moment they're striving to escape, hustle, talk their way out of things, talk their way into things, get what they need, what they want. Veteran cinematographer Darius Khondji (a changeup from the Safdies' regular collaboration with Sean Price Williams) brings out the sickly gleam in this world, the green-fuzz of the interior lighting, the glamour of some of the interiors juxtaposed with the sleaze of the others.<br/><br/>In a recent conversation between Adam Sandler and Brad Pitt for Variety's Actors on Actors series, Pitt observed that even though Howard makes all these bad choices in "Uncut Gems," you worry about the guy. It is Pitt's contention that this is because of Sandler's "warm-heartedness," something you always feel, no matter the material. I think there's something to that. You hear people expressing surprise when Sandler gives a good performance. There should be no surprise. When he's given good material, like Paul Thomas Anderson's "Punch Drunk Love," or Noah Baumbach's "The Meyerowitz Stories" (to name just a few), he's as good as it gets. Behind his humor is pain and rage, both of which he is able to tap into. Here, as Howard, complete with goatee, fancy glasses, "club" clothes, he is a portrait of a man living on the edge. He never stops talking. He never stops striving, scheming, shouting, hustling. In his eyes is the devotional gleam of the big score.<br/><br/>"Self-delusion" is a redundant term. All delusions come from a willingness to buy into a fantasy, an off-chance, a long shot. In a delusion, your brain is a cage, and you are your own prison guard, monitoring the perimeters of allowable thought. Delusion feeds addiction, and addiction needs a constant supply of delusion. "Uncut Gems" shows this electrified-fence feedback loop like no other film in recent memory. It's excruciating and exhilarating.<br/><br/>S. It's realistic on the side of a degenerate gambler. But it's a little annoying and sloppy. I'm a big Adam Sandler fan, but I expect him to see this mess and override some decision making and fix some parts. Although the chaos is just how people like him (gambling addict) live day by day.<br/><br/>If you don't gamble or know about that lifestyle you will most likely not like the film or understand it. When you have a gambling problem you don't rationalize things like paying debts when you have money. It's always, "I can turn this into so much more money."<br/><br/>At the end of the day it's worth a watch once. You couldn't make this story up if you tried! An absolutely brilliant flick with Sandler delivering an electrifying current through every scene!<br/><br/>Films like this are rare - the ones that cause their audiences to grip their seats, send their pulses racing with every scene and yet manage to show human emotions in their rawest, most exposed and precarious state.<br/><br/>Watch it. The premis is flawed. Very hectic movie that is well played. My only issue is the premis doesn't make sense that a professional jeweler would just hand over something without insurance I certainly admit that it's the matter of style of the directors, but wasn't it a bit too messy and annoying? Although i found the acting and screenplay superb, could not like it to recommend and vote higher. Not a movie to chill to but certainly a chilling movie. It would be a pure 10 if there wasn't this "to win the tip" leg in the parlay. Lousy bet selection for a pro.<br/><br/>Apart of this, Uncut Gems is what the title says: a raw and rough on the edges jewel. Watching this movie I was wondering whether the Safdie brothers (makers and themselves jewish) were of the commonly referred to as self hating type, because they really hit the mark in this very uncomfortable, thoroughly off-putting portrayal and quite metaphorical story. Everything about this film is unpleasant. The characters, the setting, the atmosphere, the story. However, it's deliberate and it's very well done. I am actually a bit surprised this film even reached the light of day, because let's just say if a director with a different background had made something like this, he would have gotten into trouble. I definitely recommend it. You'll hate Sandler for perfectly playing an annoying hustler who tries anything, at the cost of everything. After so many misses, you'll end this movie realizing that Sandler is a great actor. I was on the edge of my seat for most of the movie. Great story, great actors and a great ending. At the begging i thought it was messy was waiting for the story but its such a surprise in the end that sums it up. This is not your typical Adam Sandler movie.
Not sure why there's so many negative reviews, this was an excellent movie which takes you on an emotional roller coaster.
Highly recommended. I've noticed reviews on IMDb reflecting the hate or love culture that the internet and more specifically social media seems to encourage, where something is "OMG the most amazing thing EVERRR!!" or "the worst piece of crap ever made anyone who likes it is a beta soy boy!". Ultimately this just devolves into everyone wanting to shout each other down and prove the other wrong moving further and further closer to the poles, just like politics and social issues and everything else. Getting off my soap box now<br/><br/>Anyway just like 99.9% of movies/TV this movie is NOT a 1/10 or a 10/10. I get if someone finds the intensity to be a bit too much, but as someone who watches A LOT of movies & TV due to having a job that requires frequent travel, I find it really surprising that even if someone didn't particularly like the movie due to personal preferences, that they would say it's a 1 or 2/10. There are so many great performances and unique characters and interesting choices by directors and writers and actors that it just shocks me someone would rate it so low. This is why we don't get much beyond super hero movies and fast & furious franchises and terrible sequels these days because most idiots don't have the open mind to get past a character or a choice they don't like and look at all the good behind it.<br/><br/>I get it if this movie wasn't for you, but can you seriously say that this movie is a 1 or a 2?! Have you not seen most movies haha?! Also I can say the same for a 10. Go watch The Godfather or Shawshank or Alien or any of the top movies on IMDb and tell me this deserves a 10...<br/><br/>Anyway no one is gonna read this far anyway but I would give it a solid 7. Safdie brothers are amongst the most exciting directors today, they take chances, they have a unique and specific vision, they don't compromise to reach a wider audience or sell more merch, even if you don't like their stuff per se that's something any fan of movies should respect and encourage. Great performances by great actors and novices in this movie. Julia Fox and KG were awesome for first time performers, love or hate Sandler but damn he became Howard Ratner in a way that even some of the best don't always achieve. And besides Billy Madison & Happy Gilmore (for nostalgia reasons) I hate everything Sandler does comedically even though he seems like a great guy. Finally I don't get the complaints about the soundtrack and score either? I loved it! I wouldn't listen to it for pleasure but it held the story together perfectly and really helped with the tension.<br/><br/>Oh, and the ending, how someone could hate that, I just don't get either. Was the perfect resolution for what they were trying to say with this story about life and questions about things unknown and/or beyond our control.<br/><br/>The reason it's a 7 though is yeah, it IS a little annoying at times! The talking over each other was a choice and makes sense thematically and in practice but it's still really annoying at times haha. Not every performance was amazing, and the scenes with The Weeknd I get why they're there but I felt like they were kind of dumb and the same could've been achieved more effectively with a different scenario but I know they just wanted the star power of having a musician in the movie too and while I get it I didn't particularly like it. Only other complaint was I could've done with a little more background on how Howard ended up where he was at the start of the story. I know he's a man with an addiction that seems to be in the "heading towards rock bottom" phase that any addiction has whether to drugs or gambling etc but he seemed to have a great life and be quite successful in the past and destroyed it all, and also was now with Julia and spiraling hard so I wanted to see more of that side to balance out current Howard. Even 1 or 2 scenes could've done that effectively imo but maybe it was a timing issue.<br/><br/>Anyway, 7/10 is the correct answer! That the movie you seen just one time and forgot it because in acting's is very good but i feel very noises the sound and the photographer is not good It is nice to see Adam Sandler do a good bit of acting rather than his usual comedy stuff. This film is amazing, great musical score with a great story. How they can make you feel sorry for a man who is making the worst choices in the world is amazing. I didn't see the ending coming it was a brilliant film for me but as alot of the reviews say I think this film will be marmite, love it or hate it . A lot of shouting and a disappointing end, no conclusion Great acting by Adam Sandler but the movie gives you a headache because of its extremely noizy screamy dialogs and horrible music from the start to the end of the movie. Its like 5 people screaming in to the microphones at the same time for 2 hours plus background music. The story is great but omg it feels like my brain is going to explode. Btw im only 31 so its not because of my age.. I guess I'll leave it. After I read most reviews and critics, and see the trailer I thought this is gonna be another Adam Sandler gem like Punch-drunk Love type of deal.<br/><br/>But oh boy what a mess. Only good thing about the movie is the ending and I must say it's too little payoff for that much trouble. Every drama needs its silver lining now and then. This one pushes too hard to the breaking point, I can tell it brake a few times along the way. Many times I checked my watch to see how long I'm supposed to take it. So many events were annoyingly predictable except the ending. It's like Murphy's rule. As I said ending was definitely original and cool with sort of Scarface style thanks to soundtrack. Yet I'm not satisfied or happy watching this one. After years and years of making horrible movies, Adam Sandler has one important advantage over other actors: his 'good Adam Sandler movie' doesn't even have to be actually good for us to call it that. There's a tiny bit of solid acting, a bit of atmosphere and drama, and a little more than a bit of good camera work and effects, but that's it. There's nothing more there. Sandler owns a jewellery business and, heavily in debt to various gangsters he buys a rare opal from a Ethiopian mine which he believes should solve all his problems - the difficulty is that he loves taking risks to getting just that bit further ahead.<br/><br/>A really hard watch. Sandler is impressive playing this deeply frustrating character you just want to shake. The script is delivered at a thousand miles an hour and there are times when you just need to take a pause. It does though come to a well edited climax which is worth the wait.<br/><br/>Impressive in places but mostly exasperating - I'm glad I saw it, but I'll never watch it again. I watch it just for a single time... acting is awsm but my ear herts... Soundtracks were a big fail for this movie, to long and to much noise that gives you a headache, I almost skiped the scenes with soundtrack...to bad...beside this was a good movie Is he an uncut jem, or just a schmuck? Sanders plays a guy hooked on gambling despite how it affects his family - you don't need to know more than that to know he's not to be liked. You sort of want to like him because he's Adam Sandler, a lame comedic actor who normally plays vaguely likable, if not horribly annoying, characters. This film reveals a sleazy side of New York Jewish gem dealers who have nice but cheasy houses and are complete slobs. It's well acted, but so what? The story is weak. Sandler's character isn't a gem, he's a fool and a gambling addict and it hurts his family and he seems okay with it. I should have given it a 6... Have you ever watched a movie that tired of you from the first minute?
6 for KG Too shouty and too long. It's not a bad film but there is far too much hype about it. Lets just call it a good thriller and give it 7/10. Do you live on the edge? Is your life chaotic? Then maybe you might understand this movie. Chaos is easy to create but hard to control - and I think that is what this movie is about. Controlled chaos - and Adam Sandler is right in the middle of it.<br/><br/>His soon to be ex-wife says in one scene "You are the most annoying person I have ever met" and I echo her sentiments. He moves from one disaster to the other thinking that he could salvage the situation but is just digging himself a bigger grave every time.<br/><br/>And I think this is where the beauty of the movie lies. Josh and Bennie Safdie directed this fast-paced thriller that keeps you on the edge as much as it annoys you. The background score goes on incessantly at places when you want some quiet and you question Sandler's choices every other second of the movie.<br/><br/>Sandler is known for his comedy and when someone shines in something that they are not known for, it is even ore special. I don't know if Sandler will win any of the big awards but he will definitely not be considered just a comedian. I liked the role of his girlfriend too, played by the charming Julia Fox who genuinely seems to be in love with him (why I can't understand). The supporting cast is great too.<br/><br/>But I am truly torn - when I finished the movie, I was sure I hated it. But as time went by, I could sense the deliberate anxiety that the Safdies wanted to the viewer to have. I don't think I will watch it again, but you should definitely watch it for Adam Sandler once. You either like it or hate it, it's confusing, stressing, makes you want to get in there and get things done. Not a big fan of Adam well good news you get so into his character that you forget that it's him, he did great in this one. Firest i am a big fan for adam sandler and the movie have very good acting
but the story is Boring i Expect the end by the last 30 minutes It was all over the place with barely a plot. As though the directors were hoping the frenzied pace would keep you from noticing that there is a whole lot of nothing.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler did very well considering how little he had to work with. You feel bad for him despite the fact that his problems are all of his own making.<br/><br/>Everyone says "'fuck" a lot. I guess that's easier than writing dialogue More than the movie parasite, Uncut Gems explains the concept of parasite clearly when one lender turns on his borrower even when the borrower had actually made a huge profit using his credit he took from his lender. Adam does justice to the role of an ambitious diamond merchant who tries to make amends for his lenders by trying to buy one of the opals from the African Jewish community without knowing if his risks would indeed be worthy enough for the efforts.<br/><br/>Although Adam Sandler seems artful during the initial parts of the movie, he rather looked gullible when he was hoodwinked by the African group with the Black Opal by selling him for a price that it was not worth for. There are too many scenes that show how helpless the protagonist is when he is unable to spend time with his family and is constantly under the dagger, but beyond a point, those scenes seemed unnecessary to the plot.<br/><br/>The movie explains how heartless the loan sharks are in the NYC business centres and how seemingly clever men fall for ways that send them to the abyss. Although some moments created palpable tension in the audience, the movie as a whole fails to cut ice. You never know if the movie was created to evoke sympathy for the protagonist or to cast a bad light on his business practices as well as that of the loan sharks. So much yelling. Uncut Gems was intense, but more so just stressful to witness the main character making choices that would cause any rational person a massive heart attack. The musical score was good but felt out of place. However, Adam Sandler's performance was damn good and unusual. Supporting roles were very well played as well. Would I recommend this to a friend or my mom? NOOO! they're all gonna yell at you! I'm not sure which bit of the manual I've missed that says it is ok to just substitute a whole load of effing and blinding for any meaningful script! That really did spoil this a bit for me - it's just a relentless tirade of swearing that really does detract from a pretty good performance from a charismatic but completely unsubtle Adam Sandler as the jeweller on the brink of the deal of his life. On occasion it is laugh out loud and it doesn't hang about, it certainly isn't dull. Luckily for us, Idina Menzel doesn't break into song playing his much cheated-upon wife; the rest of the supporting cast contribute well but don't really stand out. Went into this film fairly blind, read a quick synopsis and saw the cast. Wasn't at all what I was expecting, but wasn't bad. Didn't overly mind the story and the acting was really top notch altho I found most every charector had little to no redeemable qualities. The main reason I would rate this film so high was the ending, no spoilers here but I did not see that coming! Threw me and also didn't mind that they left a few loose ends as the closing credits rolled. Overall not a bad film, just found all the screaming thru most of the film and the way the charecters were written to be annoying... Would watch again and maybe rate it higher next time but that will be awhile! Things I liked: Between Gems and (almost 20 years earlier) Punch Drunk Love, there is no denying Adam Sandler's acting chops. In fact, there's no weak acting anywhere in this film. The cinematography is absolutely stunning, and the soundtrack is great too (Now I've had 'Rain' by Madonna stuck in my head for the past week! In some sequences, there are brief glimpses of the kinetic energy that made Good Time such a masterpiece.<br/><br/>Things I disliked: No matter how you spin it, this is not in the same league as Good Time. It's mostly the story and theme (or lack thereof) that I found lacking. Tonally it was a bit of a mess... I feel like they should have just gone all the way for a black comedy. It's marketed as a 'crime thriller' but it didn't really live up to either of those genres for me... You can learn a lot while watching this movie. Cheating on your spouse is bad for your family, gambling leads to more bad bets, false hopes in a big financial investment may not yield anything, and don't borrow money from extended family. But the silver lining is that your mistress might stay true to you if you win money.
It was a good story but Knives Out was more interesting. Uncut Gems is an film with a portrayal of addicts that we don't like but that makes us understand - a journey that captures the enjoyment and knowledge of life on the edge, an anxiety-inducing story, and Adam Sendler who becomes a great character actor when given . I expected more I went into the movie with no knowledge of what it was really about and without seeing any of the directors' previous work, and what I got was an extremely uncomfortable and stressful movie. It was very good, but I don't think I ever want to see it again and I can't really recommend it to anyone. Haven't watched a better movie since Good Time back in 2017, so of course i wanted to see Uncut Gems. While Good Time was about likeable guys who continously fuck up in entertaining ways, Uncut Gems is about unlikeable guys who fuck up in non-entertaining ways. Adam Sandler's acting is amazing tho, and the movie features the most stressful game of basketball of all time. One of the worst movies ever seen in my life, bad script, overstretched storyline, bad plot, worst acting and nightmare of a direction. Adam Sandler is totally useless and overacting in the movie. All reviews seem to be totally overhyped. The only take away after watching this movie is: how can one make a pathetic movie with a pathetic story. I wish I had my money and time back. Saw on Christmas Day and what can I say, this is way far from a holiday movie. What a disappointment. A real shame educated people can not develop a better dialogue. Walked out 45 minutes into the movie....disgusted and with a raging headache. In a world full of CGI blockbusters and comic-book superheroes, here's a story that'll bring you back to earth. No alien invasions, no capes, no shiny lasers, only one shinning actor and that is Adam Sandler. I am in awe of his performance, I don't understand what he wants from me; to become a jew or a jeweler? In any case, This movie's going down in the history books as one of the most intense rides you'll ever have on the big screen all without the help of a green-screen.<br/><br/>10/10 can't wait to own it on BluRay. Couldn't finish watching this movie, I'm not a masochist.
This movie was design to pass on the stressful environment the main actor is living in. It does that part wonderfully.
But for the average movie goer this experience is excruciating.<br/><br/>The worst part of this movie is the soundtrack, which is just a cacophony of sounds.
Try watching the movie on mute with subtitles. If you need constant yelling, an overly tight frame and a horribly loud an inappropriate synth score to convey stress and discomfort to your audience, you have failed.<br/><br/>Moreover, Sandler's acting is not convincing, and whoever wrote this doesn't respect the viewer's intelligence as most of the character's decisions were simply idiotic. Adam Sandler is the absolute worst actor to ever exist. He shouldn't have been cast in this, nor any other film for that matter. Time for him to disappear forever. Screaming is not acting. The movie had potential but failed. This was by far one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Zero character development, it was basically just 2 hours of obnoxious yelling. I was literally counting down until it was over. The whole point of the story was obvious in the first 15 minutes. I almost asked my husband 1/2 through if we could leave and found out after the 120 minutes ofbtortuee, he would have left as well. Well, I've been waiting for years to see Adam getting a real award, due to his roles and his performances, I and a lot of people consider him a comedy legend and he deserves an Oscar for once at least.! This movie was terrible from beginning to end. It was hectic, with lots of talking over each other, I felt as if I could smell the people in the movie, and it wasn't good. Its a bunch of sweaty greasy people making lots of noise, has little to do with gems and more to do with gambling. Adam Sandler is a hi-stakes gambling Noo Yawk jewel(le)ry dealer/hustler. Who never shuts up.<br/><br/>The music is like something from a 1980's computer game, very obtrusive. The movie opens with a camera dive into an uncut opal found in Ethopia dissolving into a colonoscopy. Kind of sums it up really. (Is it meant to make you sympathise with the guy?)<br/><br/>I think what's happened is that every mediocre screenwriter who saw 'The Sopranos' has decided that since Tony Soprano was a bad man and everybody loved him, that people will love any character who's a bad man. The difference is that Tony Soprano was suffering from his badness (and Gandolfini could act). Everyone in this movie is a shallow stereotype - they might as well be cardboard cutouts.<br/><br/>If you are epileptic, you should be aware that this movie contains flashing images. If you want to hear dialogue, you should be aware that this movie contains several people talking across each other. It also contains wobbly camera shots, that went out with fidget spinners.<br/><br/>The music, though, that is the worst. First time of my life, I can't finish a movie because it's so loud, so noisy that I could not bear it.<br/><br/>Every single line of dialogue is shouted. All scenes are just people shouting at each other and shouting at the same time.<br/><br/>I was really attracted by the catchy trailer but the movie is just ... I have no words to describe what I just saw. Turnes it off after 15 minutes.. Seen better B movies.. Really don't understand how other have rated this high its the worst film I have ever seen. What a waste of 2 hours. Nothing happens. Couldn't bear continue watching it yesterday. Adam's voice only as the character destroyed my whole vision of it even the other bad guys. If you want a movie that portrays Jews as money grubbers and blacks as gangsters, this may be your film.<br/><br/>Script was nothing but f@#$ you, f@#$ this.<br/><br/>There is no good character. Nothing redeeming. From the beginning it starts bad and gets worse.<br/><br/>I was hoping the main character would get killed just to end it.<br/><br/>Excellent example of the depravity of Hollywood 2020 Unintelligible abusive screaming for a full hour - and we left. I can't recall being as viscerally upset by a movie in my 70+ viewing years. Add close up, swirling camera work for the added treat of induced vertigo and you've got a real prize! Next time I read "charismatic" about a lead character I will know how to translate it as repugnant and move on Was expecting it to flop to be honest but what a great story and such a seeious roll for adam sandler definitely worth a watch but did seem to drag on at some points Lots of yelling, dragged out scenes about the main actor who's on a streak of bad luck and decisions. The characters are all very shady which is hard to feel anything other than everyone got what they deserved.
Overall would not watch it again and it leaves you with a big dissatisfaction in the end by its very lazy ending. No idea how this got good reviews. Terrible premise, shouting throughout the whole movie, and the worst musical score of all time. The music throughout the movie alone will give you a migraine. Kill it with fire. Loud, trash characters. Trash script. Trash soundtrack. Trash messaging. It's the most idiotic movie, filled with the most annoying characters in recent history. Everyone associated with this cancerous mess, should be ashamed. I cannot even care about the good actors in this hot mess... I decided to give this movie a chance when I saw everybody praising Adam Sandler's acting. I regret it. It took me three days to finish this two hour and fifteen minute compilation of people screaming at eachother and saying profanities. Somebody should have told them that being good at screaming does not equal being good at acting. I kinda feel sorry for Adam now. Constant awful background music that actually makes it hard to hear the people talking.
40 mins in and can't watch it any more.
No idea how people gave this reviews to average over 7!
Believe the bad reviews and don't waste your time Wow. What an epic waste of time. Loud. Obnoxious. Pointless. No coherent storyline. Unlikeable characters. Failure of an ending.
I am so mad that I actually spent two hours of my life on this garbage. One of the most stressful movies I've ever seen.The 1 star is too big for this movie. There is little redeeming about this film which fails in about as many ways as the blundering leading character.<br/><br/>No directing - "Just shout at each other for 2 hours, ok?" Throw in a bunch of distracting side plots/characters who mostly amount to nothing.<br/><br/>No plot - Just an interminable sequence of stupid actions done stupidly. For some reason Howard seems to lie to people who know not to trust him, and pick fights with people who are stronger than him.<br/><br/>No character arcs - No one seems to ever learn anything.<br/><br/>No acting - The surprise performance of the entire film was Kevin Garnett. When a pro-athlete playing himself out acts the rest of the cast, go figure.<br/><br/>No moral - I thought maybe this is a study in stupidity, but even that doesn't emerge. The stupidest thing Howard does is gamble impulsively. And yet he WINS all his big bets. Not great message that you can gamble your way to big pay days. The only one who seems to win in the end (SPOILER ALERT) is the partying lap dancing mistress (a positive message for the ladies).<br/><br/>Most of all "No sense". It is a chaotic mayhem of idiocy that blunders along pointlessly and disconnectedly. Maybe not for a middle aged British audience because I didn't get all the USA, New York specific, black, gambling, basket ball, multiple girlfriend references. To me it was just noise; difficult to understand language, nonsensical storyline. Unless you want a headache from all the non stop frazzled dialogue, dont bother with this movie.
If you want to waste 2 hours getting your brain fried, then this is the movie for you!
I really dont know why Adam Sandler even bothers to make such crappy movies! I had to write my first review after watching this based on good reviews. Are you people watching the same movie?<br/><br/>This was a convoluted mess, scene after scene of Adam Sandler yelling and screaming at other characters. The plot is way too predictable, gambler on the edge goes too far, is hunted by mob guys and pays the price (snooze). I had picked the ending within 5min of the start.<br/><br/>I gave 3 stars because someone finally shut Sandlers character up for good. What's with all the stupid music playing constantly? what was the point of that? It was totally unnecessary. Noise. 2 hours of noise. People shouting and talking over one another, that's all this film is. There is a good film in this mess somewhere, but I genuinely feel exhausted after listening to so much talking and shouting for the past couple of hours. Annoyingly a very mediocre movie. I don't get this one at all. I guess if you are are a Sandler fan, a sports betting fan, basketball fan or just love pure irritating stress then this is the film for you. I resisted the urge to turn it off after 10 min but the constant screaming and awful soundtrack still did not put me off. I just turned the volume down. Defo not everyone's cup of tea and a weird ending to boot. I had to switch this off after 20 minutes its awful. Sandler should stick to comedies. 5 people mumble at the same time and this is dialogue. An ambitious New York City jeweler drowning in debt from loan sharks attempts to get his head above water in risky ways like placing a high-stakes bet on his world-famous client Kevin Garnett. The high-paced lifestyle in New York City ultimately is too much for the selfish gangster as he has trouble satisfying all parties which leads to his ultimate downfall.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems features the world famous actor Adam Sandler in an unusual role. Sandler, who has been the main star in many movies like Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, and Grownups is a world-renowned goof-ball. But in Uncut Gems, his role is flipped on its head as he acts as Howard-a cold, selfish gangster. This switch of dynamic for Sandler really upsets me. I have loved watching the many comedies he has starred in over the years and hate to seem him in a criminal role in a movie with few laughs. I was not a fan of the plot either since it ended in a way that a Sandler fan, like myself, would never wish to see. Also, the innumerable risky actions Howard takes throughout the movie like pawning Kevin Garnett's ring and betting the money he needs to pay off his debts makes the audience have a roller coaster of emotions. In addition to the plot, the music creates suspense and gives you the feeling that something bad could happen at any moment. The risky actions and suspenseful music had me worried for Howard during the entirety of the movie. My concern for Howard had me in an uncomfortable position emotionally throughout the whole movie because I did not want to see anything happen to my favorite actor. The cold-blooded murder of Howard and his brother at the end of the movie really pushed me over the edge. Having Sandler die in a movie is one of the worst plot decisions I have ever seen a movie writer make, so shame to the Safdie brothers and Ronald Bronstein. Despite my displeasure with the position Sandler was put in, the plot, and the music Uncut Gems' theme does teach a good lesson. One theme Uncut Gems has and I think is important for everyone to understand is addiction is a real thing and can greatly affect people's lives. The gambling addiction Howard has negatively affects his life. He is a very poor husband and dad and he is in deep trouble with loan sharks. Ultimately his addiction led to his death because if he would have paid his brother off instead of betting on Kevin Garnett the gangsters would not have had the anger stored up from being locked in a confined space for hours. This theme draws a similarity with the one of The Gambler. They both illustrate how gambling addiction is real and gets people in trouble, specifically in these two films with loans sharks. Ultimately, the uncharacteristic role of Adam Sandler, fateful plot and suspenseful music cause me to give a negative review on Uncut Gems despite the lessons you can learn from watching it. Everyone talks over the other during the whole movie! I got a headache by the half of it. Not a fan. The best way I've heard someone describe this film is that it's a 2 hour panic attack. And while I don't believe I've ever experienced something close that in real life, that description feels very accurate. Consistently riveting, stylish, violent, and most of all unique, Uncut Gems is a very good film that feels like it wants to be great. However, all the credit goes to Sandler and the Safdie Brothers who are notably trying something different with this film and all 3 of them kill it here. It's not for everyone, but it's worth seeing.<br/><br/>7.8/10 This is the best movie of 2019. Joker was good but it wasn't this good. The Irishman is a quality film, but it's not quite on this one's level. The Avengers finale was great fun, sure, but it didn't have the sheer grunt this movie has. The Safdies, who did Good Time and lit the screen up using Robert Pattinson against type, have surpassed even that top-notch film with this one. This is a nerve-jangling slide into an increasingly soul-destroying abyss and Sandler is as good as I've seen any acting job this year if not better. He truly is note perfect. If you liked any movie this year you should see this one because it's just superior. What's that? Parasite, you say? Yep, even better than that fantastic movie. Get on it. Terrible camera work, terrible sound track. I usually like Adam Sandler, but not this time. Very confusing, not sure what was happening. Throughout the movie there are shots of people waiting and stuck inside the 2 security doors which required both to be closed in order to open one of them ~ by someone inside the shop.<br/><br/>In the last scene the only 2 men left inside the shop stealing the jewelry are stuck ~ only one of them can get out ~ the other would have to remain to activate the security doors!!! I wanted to like this film, but I had to pause it many times to recover from the anger and shouting - Most of the film could have edited out as all scenes ran way too long for no added value - Many scenes would have benefited from closed captioning as the slang and dialect were hard to follow - Plus the soundtrack was continually uncomfortable - The ending was understandable but a very disappointing after enduring two hours of sheer rage. Sandler's greatest movie yet. You get irritated/frustrated by the noise and want to stop watching in the first 20 minutes. If you're able to sit through for another 20 minutes, then the tension mounts and you're in for a rollercoaster. What a movie! Absurdity, aggression, madness, tingling, the desire of spurting out and the fate of the whirlwind cloud look at each other. The director twists and turns the man in the streets of New York to continue to rage, looking for a break in the close paintings and clips. In the end, the acceleration of the momentum falls back to the falling trend, silencing the explosive reverberation moment. Some hated, i loved. It should be watched with a clear mind. Because there is a lot of dialogue. And if you hate it, you're overreacting. It's okay. In most movies, lines do not overlap. They take it as a mistake i guess. This is a different one, that's all... "The movie is very fast and noisy." i think because it has to be. The story requires this. That's why the movie is good in my opinion. As if it was made to reflect the challenging situation the character is in. It also made us feel in trouble. Also he's a very strange character. As if he is used to doing many things at once. This is the character's personality. For example, he is measuring his weight for no reason while having a serious talk on the phone. So It's a good movie with so much dialogue. It is among the top 10 movies I have watched, according to my personal taste. A few guys can't stop screaming and swearing for more than 2 hours.......this is the best image for stupidity! Most the movie is Adam Sandler yelling and everyone yelling over him. I love Adam Sandler. Wanted to like this movie so much. Just couldn't. Turned it off halfway in. It was that bad. It is the worst film that I have ever watched...
Voice effects are so bad, topic is also bad...
135 minutes were stolen from my life... I was very excited to watch Uncut Gems. Adam Sandler does a good job in this sleazy role. It's very refreshing seeing him act Serious instead of being in a comedy. My problem with this movie is I could not stand hearing like five characters talking at the same time. You could not make out the entire dialogue and it was very annoying. From the start of the movie, it's just pure noise. Yelling, running, chasing, more yelling and swearing. I could only watch it for half of the movie and I had enough, it hurts my ears and got a headache from it. If you don't mind a bunch of people yelling at each other, you might get this movie. This horrible piece of crap pretending to be a film is nothing but a bunch if noise. Quite literally. The first 25 minutes is the most annoying bit of film I've ever seen. Anytime the sound editor pulls back it's only for a minute or two. One hour in and I had a raging headache. At least I was at home where I could turn the volume down. Constant yelling is considered acting here. You certainly won't care about the protagonist. I kept hoping the big secret would be like Psycho. But no Sandler isn't killed kust a few minutes into the film.<br/><br/>I rented it for $5.99 and feel ripped off. Worst piece of garbage I've ever seen. The best part of the movie was when Sandler is shot in the face because then I knew it was almost over. Acting is VERY good but, the movie is boring. We were 5 people watching this and we couldnt wait for the movie to be over. Intense? No. Chaotic, messy? Yes. This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Don't waist your time or money. Couldn't get to the end. If you do watch, the "f" word dominates the move, plus wear ear plugs, useless noise. I don't know what I can say here that everyone else has already said. You find it you're in trouble right off the bat when you have 10 minutes worth of credits at the beginning of the movie, but that's not the bad part all of a sudden you realize how god-awful the music is. It just goes downhill from there, no one seems to be comfortable in their skin; I think they may be all non actors they just don't look right an uncomfortable in what they're doing. Thank God I just bought it and I wasted $15 and I could turn it off and watch anything else. Please please please I wish I read the reviews before I wasted that money. This has got to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. It is two hours of pain, suffering, anger and finally death. I know people say you need to experience that kind of thing to appreciate the good stuff but life is already full of pain and suffering. When I watch a film I want to be entertained. No part of this is entertaining. One of the most distasteful gaudy films I have ever seen. The "story" (if you can call it that) is inane, the characters are hateful and the acting is brash and abrasive. No point, no meaning, just two plus hours of rambling and annoying nonsense. Adam Sandler is so bad and the screenplay is so convoluted that it almost borders on being anti-semetic. Boring rubbish, give it a miss. Very sad. Wish I hadn't watched this movie. So my review isn't long enough. I wanted to love this movie. Truly. I like Adam Sandler and the rest of the cast was good, which is why I gave it a second star. That said, I got a pounding headache midway through the movie. A lot of screaming. Way too much. Adam Sandler took us on a journey involving how, as a completely poisoned man, he poisons everything and everyone he touches. He does so while screaming for the better part of 2 hours.
There is nothing appealing about Sandler's character, yet somehow he manages to attract not one but two beautiful women, the devotion of his father, and a host of other's who make living his miserable life possible. At best, this movie continued to give me hope for improvement, at it's worst, it was terribly uncomfortable to watch, which, hey might of been the point. I can't say there was any other point at all to this screamfest. Why all the hype about this movie? Stupid and boring. Listening to Sandler talk with those big chompers all movie was also annoying. I wish I could unwatch. A sound comes out of a blinding room. loud high pitched. In the room is a screen with blinding light coming out of it. It is a demonstration of adam sandlers determination to make himself known about. In there are a bunch of people trying to stay warm, not really understanding that something not great is happening. I get it, Adam Sandler is great acting.
Except that, this movie is boring, without purpose and waste of time.
I really had to create my first review here ever, just because I want to share my feeling about it.
Had the patience to watch it until the end just because I was hoping for a big comeback. Surprise: big nothing! Dissapointed. Lame music, poor story, slow, just a full waste of a movie night. ....I don't even know what to say. I was so looking forward to this but after about 25 minutes I had to turn it off. I am a music lover and just LOVE it when a movie has an awesome score. I am one of those people who actually listen to scores in their cars. Never ever had a score made me angry. Until this one. I got really furious during the title sequence. This is not a score! These are very disturbing sounds with people yelling at each other. What were those people thinking? The story is just weird with more yelling. I actually got nauseous and turned it off.<br/><br/>Is Sandlers performance good? Perhaps. But that doesn't make the whole thing bearable. Rather disappointing. Strange long and noicy intro, where you almost cant hear, whats going on because of the intromusic.
After 30min i had to turn it off, the way its filmed and the sound, makes the movie feel like a complete b movie. There is just something cheap about this movie, just a shame IT could be better produced. What a mess. Took me 20 minutes to catch up with what's going on. I can see how this movie was supposed to be good on paper. We just watched this film and thought it was a complete trash, waste of our time. Like many other reviewers, it gave me a headache. Sandler did the same thing over and over. It was like watching a continuous loop the same thing all the time. Definitely one fo the worst films I have ever seen. It is a story about nothing. I wouldn't recommend this movie to my worst enemy. There were several times we wanted to stop watching but figured we invested so much time, that we might as well see it through. Don't wast your time seeing this awful film. As you are watching this movie, trust me it doesn't suddenly get better. I couldn't watch it more than half an hour. Basically the movie is about people yelling at each other, the plot can't be followed due to all of the noise and the mess Hectic, difficult to follow, uninteresting story. It is basically "a day in the life" of game-addicted jeweler in a world where apparently the majority of people are on amphetamines and need to shout constantly.
Stopped watching after 30 minutes. I totally did not have this movie on my radar. My wife and I watched it, and while the Mrs. complained about the chaos and yelling, the movie took me away and got me rooting for Howard (Sandler). The suspense is very well built up, and character development is on par. There 's a lot to see and discover along the way, and is very re-watchable. And the soundtrack... solid 10 all in all Sandler in his probably best movie since The wedding singer - which isn't saying much.
The movie is about Sandler character that can't do anything right which ends with everyone yelling at each other for two hours making the audience annoyed. Maybe if you turn down the volume a lot and ignore the lack of substance it can be descent So stressful... could not handle it. Got headache and Turned it off after 30mins I have no idea why people are mad that Adam didn't get an Oscar nomination. He deserves nothing, very mediocre preference. Watching this movie is definitely not a pleasant experience. It crossed my mind while watching this film that this was a character Sandler always wanted to portray, a loud New Yorker and a bit of a 'wise guy'. For some unbearable reason I was compelled to watch it to the end because I had to see his loathsome character meet his demise, and even then I questioned if he would get up at the end as the head shot was in his cheek. If the whole point of this movie is to irritate with a cacophony of noise & shouting, congratulations. If it was to entertain, you would be more entertained cleaning the funk from beneath your fingernails. Almost 3 hours of yelling and people talking over the top of each other. Considered stopping multiple times because we were getting a headache. Could have been a much better movie. It was very stressfull to follow the movie. Like everyone said it's just too much yelling which makes it unbearable to watch and listen. With such a long movie having such ending is just a waste. Think watching Adam is more fun in comedies than this movie. I have no idea why this film has such a high rating. The characters are awful. It is repetitive, irritating, filled with unnecessary language and just a dull experience for the viewer. If you have a blank wall to look at then stare at that for two hours instead....it will be more rewarding. I'm still trying to understand the hype about this movie : noisy, confusing, and a bad sound. Why would one overdub the actors voices? It looks amateurish, a lazy job. Nothing special about, and so good movies in 2019. I want the time lost watching it back! This is much like the banana duct taped to an art gallery wall that quirky individuals are willing to pay thousands for. Not art. I can see why so many people have confused this for a good movie, it's so busy shouting at you from every angle it's hard not to be confused which is a neat trick considering the plot isn't hard to follow at all. Nothing about this movie was explicitly bad but nothing about it was great either. Adam Sandler gives a decent performance considering the shoddy script he was given and it's interesting seeing him play a role so far from his usual, past that this movie has nothing more to offer than a moderately boring waste of 2 hours. Obnoxious synth music plagues most scenes and when it doesn't multiple characters are constantly shouting over each other, a complete cluster **** is the best way to describe this movie. I did however gain one insight from this movie, prior to watching it i considered the 10 second fast forward on Netflix a redundant feature but it really was a god send to help me get through the last 30mins. I don't understand why so many people voted so good for the movie. It belonged to the most boring movies I saw. There was never the feeling of tension. It was was more a never ending story. Okay, a small unrealistic because absolutely unlogical change at the end ... But overall I sorted the movie more to the category waste of time. I was interested in Sandler doing a crime / drama, but from the beginning I was highly annoyed about the non-stop-out-of-place retro soundtrack. Not only there's nothing retro in the movie, so it feels completely out of place, but it goes on for a very long time not giving you a break of silence or anything else. For me, that's the worst part of the movie and it's so poorly done it really makes the movie less appealing.
Then we have to go through 2 hours and 15 minutes of pure stressful people shouting at each other like apes, and a main character that never redeems from his pathetic mistakes, going over and over again into them.
All that only to end up in a stupid and disappointing ending that leaves all the steam you had inside from the stress right inside, really frustrating.
Overall, I could say Sandler did a good job, but the character was hateful, so I can't say I enjoyed it at all.
Photography was very average, like other movies from the same directors I've seen, they have a very particular raw style that can some times be interesting, but this movie as a whole was a total miss.
Nothing really interesting in this movie, I would never recommend it, it was a huge disappointment. All over the place and not in a good way. I watched all of it but wanted to end my misery after 40 mins. Adam Sandlers acting is good but nothing else is. I couldn't give a damn about any of these characters or anything going on in this movie. Shouting does not equal acting. The worst start to a film I've ever seen. I could barely hear the dialogue over the blaring 80s-dark-industrial-crime musical score. How this made it past final edit is beyond me and how people praise it with 8 or 9 stars is baffling. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie. The previews led me to believe that Adam Sandler might actually ply a worthwhile part! What a bust! If you just want to hear swearing for 2hrs 15 mins. then it might be a movie for you. Poorly written, weak acting...horrible movie! First of all the film is all about a guy who has a gambling addiction. He's not a nice person. None of them are. It's boring.<br/><br/>
What the hell I can't believe I actually watched this. This was the most ridiculous film I've ever watched. It was unbearable. There was no need for this film to be made. It was stressful and predictable. The main character is a gambler. Nothing good comes from being a gambler. Didn't like any character in the film. They were all arrogant, selfish. Urgh what a waste This was a waste of time. The storyline was not made. The movie was all over the place. The shouting was too much not to mention the talking over each other in the different scenes. The title of the movie is uncut gems but we hardly saw the gems in the movie. I love Adam but he was talking too much in the movie. No humor.... adam has these expensive gadgets yet he is always by himself like what??? Who does that? Why is he always walking? Owing some many persons?? Movie was non sense. Plus it needs proper editing I wanted to like this movie i had a hope that Adam Sandler finaly make a good movie but he failed again. I don't know what makes this movie good and why all the good critics. Bad direction bad choice of music and the script isn't make any difference from other mediocre movies. Very noisy movie and Adam's acting isn't too good for getting any positive reviews. The yelling in this movie is un-bearable. I've never had a migraine until watching this movie with its continual yelling. If I could give it zero stars I would. To Take a quote from one of the two decent Adam Sandler movies
"Mr. Madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul." I agree with some of the content of the bad reviews but come on this movie keep you on the edge of your seat. You want to know what's going to happen next. And it's not like anything else you have seen. Not like those Hollywood copy paste movie. What more do u want as a viewer? I can't believe the people who gave less than 5 for this. It should be a 8 or above. Greetings from Lithuania.<br/><br/>"Uncut Gems" (2019) is a movie for those who usualy do not watch Adam S. movies, but also for those who enjoyed previous movie by Safdie brothers, "Good times". That one was a very good film, this one is also very unique and intense picture. At running time 2 h 10 min maybe this movie's story was a little bit to long for me, but the pacing and directing as well as acting were all excellent and this movie did not drag for me.<br/><br/>Overall, "Uncut Gems" is a real little movie gem itself. Its a bit rough around the edges, but worth your time. That describes the pace of the movie which is really just reflecting the state of mind of the protagonist Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler). Sandler's performance is very good so don't be put off when you see his name in the credits. This movie is surprisingly good and well worth watching. This is a great movie for a second watch, I'm sure of that. Until the one hour you aren't really sure what's happening and what is the plot and I'm not sure if there is a plot at all, maybe that's a beauty of this peace.<br/><br/>Not for everybody, but if you are looking for something different than regular hollywood with classic scenario and directing, this is a movie for you. The end will blow your mind! This is an awesome movie. i knew 0 about it and didn't have any expectations either way. after finishing it, i was surprised i liked it so much. in fact, i frequently dislike, or even hate, these kinds of movies. i gave good time a 4/10. but something about this movie was borderline mesmerizing. the music and the yelling, at first i thought it might get annoying but it didn't. i thought i would want it to slow down but i didn't.<br/><br/>great performance by sandler. great directing. some beautiful shots. the story keeps you invested but at the same time wears you out, in a good way (if that makes sense lol). very well made overall (1 viewing 1/6/20) I went with my wife and friends and talking after, we all agreed that we didn't actually *enjoy* the movie. It was mostly stressful, uncomfortable, chaotic, and violent- in a real way, but not a fun way- like Tarantino. Ending was worth sitting thru But 8.1 is far too high of a rating. As was said elsewhere I've never been a Sandler fan. Always thought of his movies as juvenile to the extreme. Personally he should stick more to dramas and thrillers going forward. I love the documentary style filming of this film as well as the story never seems to slow down which added to the tension. Never the less the music score was horrible. Reminded me a lot of Pacinos Scarface. Very dated electric music which was overly loud and course. I can remember similar music in movies from the late 80s and early 90s. And actually the movie would have been better with no score at all, only opening sequence and end titles. The Safdie Brothers have made the best film of the year though you probably won't feel comfortable watching it. Not since the heyday of Robert Altman have so many characters moved so swiftly across the screen, not just talking, but shouting over each other. "Uncut Gems" is an uncut gem of a movie about one of life, and cinema's, greatest losers and it gives Adam Sandler the role of a lifetime. Of course, his performance in "Punch Drunk Love" hinted at just how good Sandler could be but I don't think anyone was quite prepared for this. This is his De Niro/Pacino/Brando moment, you might say all rolled into one and in a year of great performances by male actors, (Driver, Phoenix, Banderas), surely makes him the front runner in the Oscar race.<br/><br/>In this movie Sandler is Howard Ratner, a scummy New York gems dealer with a gambling addiction, a mistress and up to his oxters in debt to some very unsavoury and violent characters but who still believes his fortune is to be made from a rare, African opal that comes his way and which he hopes to sell to the NBA player Kevin Garnett, playing himself. Of course, he may as well believe in fairies for Howard is the kind of man whose days never go right and whose very existence seems as precarious as walking down the middle of a freeway in heavy traffic.<br/><br/>With this film the Safdie Brothers don't deviate too much from the smaller, independent films they've been making up to now. The milieu is the same and so are the characters but this feels more fully formed. This is the mother-lode; this time they've hit paydirt. With a pulsating Daniel Lopatin score that propels the film along you sweat and squirm with Howard through every terrible, beautiful moment. As well as the agony of watching a man implode before your eyes there's the pleasure of seeing an actor at the very top of his game. The last twenty minutes or so of the film are almost unbearable as Howard puts everything on hold for the gamble of a lifetime. I came away from this movie totally shattered. The Safdies and Sandler have finally arrived. This obviously never hoped to be more than a TV movie, but it was dragged into a full-length feature by way of the worst, messiest direction and poorly scripted nonsense ever forced into the big screen. Two thumbs down. I want my money and my time back! On top of the worst 13 minutes annoying intro of any movie I've ever watched with never ending music in the background, the rest is just you screaming shut the f up! Too much arguing and shouting, boring story, annoying characters, slow paced. Don't waste your time I usually enjoy Adam's movies...but this film was just one long agonizing migraine. Like this guy a lot but NOT THIS MOVIE! Gave it a good try but after about 1 hour and 20 minutes - I gave up. Chaos, overdone foul language, a time out was needed for the director so they could rethink the "feel" of this movie and find some good vibes in a movie that should be entertaining. I would rather hear Happy Hanauka from Adam 20 times over 15 minutes over this movie. It's a fantastic film, but realize It's not funny or cute Adam Sandler. It's endless anxiety, profanity, and poor decisions for 2 hours and 15 minutes.<br/><br/>It's a dark and gritty film and it's not there to make you smile or feel good. It's there to take you into a horrible persons life who struggles with doing anything right ever, then make you feel as trapped and screwed as he is...<br/><br/>Wow, it was dark. I'm mentally drained, but in a great way. It's an incredible success at what it's aiming for. Remarkable movie, but often exhausting for your mind.<br/><br/>That's top notch cinema!<br/><br/>I've been reading fan reviews that are much lower than critics... and it's cause this is not a joy filled film. It's a film that twists your insides and makes you wanna shake someone or just break down.<br/><br/>People are claiming they had to walk out of it. In its own way, that's a compliment to the director and actors, because it makes your skin crawl and your mind upset.<br/><br/>Bravo A24 films. You never let me down! Uncut Gems stands out uniquely among the crime drama canon. It's a suspenseful outing into the gritty lives of jewelers, bettors and loan sharks and goes places I didn't expect. I can't bring myself to sympathize with a character that constantly makes stupidly rash decisions, but the film doesn't hold back on delivering an abundant surge of anxiety-inducing thrills with a dream-like noir essence to keep you rooted. Adam Sandler proves to be a tenacious actor when pointed in the right direction. An intense, thrilling & steadily escalating edge-of-the-seat thriller that's palpably tense, incessantly riveting & laced with a subtle psychedelic kick, Uncut Gems is another surefire winning feature from the Safdie brothers that presents the filmmaking duo in prime form, benefits greatly from its energetic camerawork, groovy editing & swirling soundtrack, and is all the more uplifted by Adam Sandler's career-best performance. One of the best films of the year, Safdies' latest is an anxiety-inducing cinematic opal. The most boring movie ever. Nothing special happened, just a man in extreme debt! From the beginning you feel that something is wrong with this movie, as the directors had the idea to put the music over the dialogues for none other reason just to disturb you This keeps going on as you watch the film. I have seen it before and its called "lack of creativity". Let's disturb the viewer and let's call it art. Oh, and let's torture the viewer by making the film 2h + instead of 90mins. One of the worst movie I've seen in my 76 years!! If they didn't use the "f" word it would be a silent movie.
I would have walked out but I went with another couple
and they needed a ride home. The women actors did an amazing job. Hats off to Julia Fox - absolutely fabulous! The movie was overrated and a huge disappointment. I agree with those reviews at 3 or less. Usually get better from Adam Sandler. Was so disappointed in this movie! Basically nonstop chaos with very little substantial plot with screaming shouting and arguing throughout. Basically most of the movie is like being at a bad family party where everybody has had too much to drink and fights with each other. If you want to be annoyed for 2 hours go ahead and watch. Uncut Gems is the worst movie ever made. Worse than a two-minute 2001 cell phone clip that films nothing but paint drying. If digital format never came into existence, then every physical copy of it should be lit on fire and wrapped slowly around each person involved in making this pool of diarrhea that has inexplicably covered every wall of your home. This movie has officially killed all of the joy in the world and has replaced it with f-words and screaming over each other until we all reach deep into our own eye sockets to rip our own life forces out of our homosapien flesh encasings. I have never experience more irrational anger from anything else in my life. You have to have grew up with old cinema with things like Goodfellas and Jackie brown. This was a true gem. Unfortunately it's a lot of young people that watch netflix and look for a lot of action or comedy. They don't always appreciate gritty, realistic and deep dramas. Even if you hated this style of movie you couldn't help but appreciate Adam sandler. Outstanding performance I am shocked, I knew he was great but he just showed it once again. Amazing ending which is very real. Love the whole thing and didn't want it to end, as slow as it was it was captivating. Can't believe that I put myself through more than 2 hours of suffering! Wish I had read the reviews before I trusted the rating! Where did they get such rating from?!? Stressful and extremely bad music score. Stay away. But this is not a gem. Annoying at most. Specially the music and the bad yell acting. Frustration is mostly not a good feeling in a movie and this got a lot of it. Really liked watching Adam break out of he's traditional character and hoping to see more of him doing this kind of acting. A lot of anxiety, a lot of build-up, and what you think is going to happen: happens. The character is a horrible guy and what you think is going to happen, should have happened in the first 10 minutes or there should have been resolution. But nothing Possibly the worst film of the year! The only reason we didn't walk out on it was we didn't want to disturb the couple next to us. Nothing redeeming about this movie...script, acting, pacing (frantic) and character development were all low level at best. This seemed to be some sort of ego trip for Sandler and it became uncomfortable to watch after a while. The only good part was the last minute...but that was a tough 134 minutes of suffering to pay. BTW...if you don't like pro basketball, you'll probably hate it that much more. Be prepared to be inundated with basketball clips that should have been left on the cutting room floor with a LOT more of this pretentious 2+15 hour movie about nothing. I enjoyed so much of Uncut Gems! I absolutely love the soundtrack and the way it was filmed!The Safdie Brothers make really enthralling experiences. The story is so good as well although I understand if anyone didn't like it the movie is intense and dark! Uncut gems is very enjoyable despite any negative vibes I would highly recommend it! An incredibly overrated film made by coke fiends with hardcore ADHD. If you don't appreciate nuance and subtlety and want an experience akin to a sensory overload, then this one's for you. I personally prefer filmmakers that apply due care and due diligence and handle their films with grace, not bombard them with as many things as they can to overwhelm the viewer's senses. It's an utterly claustrophobic, cacophonous, and over-the-top mess that doesn't allow the viewer ample breathing room until the second half of the film, where it actually does slow down and develops into something much more focused and coherent, but not coherent enough to justify the adulterated chaos that preceded it. The sheer amount of times the n-word is unnecessarily used in this film is enough reasonable cause for any non-African American to get uncomfortable and walk out of the theater. And even though the dialogue may be deemed authentic to some viewers, it still promotes ignorant stereotypes and renders the characters frustratingly one-dimensional and flat-out uninteresting. Sandler is doing a great performance, one of his best since punch drunk love. The dynamics makes you feel that you're in the room with him.
A genuinely unlikeable personality makes that even more real.<br/><br/>Having said this, the soundtrack is distracting, loud and flat out horrible. I'm sure there is a deeper meaning to it but for me it's got annoying to no end. 8.0 based on 33K ratings? What a joke. The average from the reviews down here comes a lot closer to the truth. Bad plot, bad acting, bad storyline. What a waste of time. My husband and I went to see this one after watching the trailer and seeing the reviews. It is not worthy of Movie of the year. It's loud, anxiety inducing. There's no story line anywhere and it left us unsatisfied. It was honestly a mess. I have watched the movie and lost 135 minutes of my life... For absolute garbage.... I was angry for 130 mins and shocked silent for the last 5.... So disappointed and so disturbed.... I will not forgive Sandler for picking this garbage.... The movie could have been great. Inappropriate audience reactions for certain parts of the movie didn't help. Adam Sandler gave a stellar performance in a film that could have been improved with different editing and perhaps different directing for parts. It was disappointing because it could and should have been a great film! Thank God it was over! I thought it would never end, and I love Adam Sandler and Eric Bogosian was outstanding as well. Good film. Music is so fricking annoying its not funny! Why so loud. I literally had to pause the film to write this! Unbelievably annoying!!!! The soundtrack was horrific and misplaced. If the story had been paired with better, more fitting music, it would've made a huge difference. The overall editing was odd too. I have the mouth of a sailor, but still thought there was too much swearing and yelling to make the plot enjoyable. Loved Sandman's acting though. Random plot with no real direction. Loads of shouting and chaotic scenes that make no real sense. Everyone shouting in each other s face. Dialogue tries to be real and raw replete with f words but comes out as repetitive and annoying. Occasional fights and people getting pissed. Did not want to wait for the 2nd better half as some reviewers stated. A movie about trash people and low lives if you are interssted. Overall the movie is okay, but the scenes, of which there were far too many, where the cast are all shouting over the top of each other unintelligibly totally ruin the experience. Considering many of the actors are well known and experienced, the delivery of much of the performances was extremely raw and amateur.
Very disappointing and felt like friends and family were offered speaking roles. I made an account just to say how horrible this movie was. The acting was pathetic. It was 2 hours of people yelling followed by a predictable ending. The Safdie brothers should stick their script up their a** and never do a movie again. This was pure BS. I do not recommend this at all. I think I've wasted my time here. 135 of nothing but noise and non understandable dialogues with a stupid ending. If not, get an Advil before you start...because it will give you a headache. If there's a plot it was lost in all the shouting... The choices, the direction, the score... Was a bad experience all around. Every time I make the mistake of giving a series or film by netflix a chance and every time again it's a waste of my time, as with this film. Unfortunately it's no different with this film, I really don't understand the good reviews. This movie is so incredible boring, that I'm writing this review while watching it in the background. I can't understand the good reviews on it. It's stressful, violent and doesn't make any sense to me. I've never really understood why people make movies about how terrible making movies is, but they make so much money from the same "art". Yes, they are indeed miserable millionaires. Usually the central character dies, but in real life they just keep going, making more money about how awful the industry is and then if their career lasts a few years they start attacking the audience for paying them. I don't know why they bother with the allegory. Boo flippin Hoo.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is always better in a dramatic role, but the real winner in this movie is the shouting. People shouting all the time, shouting shouting, shouting about shouting. Shouting? Yep, shout shout shout! Shout some more. You there, have you heard me SHOUT? What's that? Shouting? Yep, shouting. My god.<br/><br/>Other than that, there is nothing in this story. It's terrible. What a waste of time .. throughout the movie i was thinking it'll get better it'll get better but what a crap movie. and the stupid music that was being played in the background, it was so annoying.  please stick to comedy only! Anger management movie, I'd give it a 7.5 but this movie is 1. The weekend could've picked one of his good songs, I was excited to see Abel in the movie. This movie was a big disappointment. The word movie ever!! no meaning, no story, no nothing. I HATED IT!! I was hoping to like Adam in a serious movie but I hated him more.. why does he always bloody scream? Movie could have been decent without him in it. Very stressful scenario and completely annoying theme songs. To much confusing and can't understand nothing! Yes, Adam Sandler gives a terrific acting performance here. The issue is that the character spends the two hours yelling at people. A dull and uninteresting film that's only draw card is Adam Sandler acting. A roster of stupid, selfish, corrupt people doing stupid, selfish, corrupt things. Adam Sandler's voice has never been more unbearable. Awful. The overall soundtrack but especially the first 10 mins could be used as torture interrogation. I was ready to confess to anything by the time the background music softened (slightly). Grating music, over amplified background chatter and shouty dialogue made me almost turn off.<br/><br/>The film is watchable but hugely frustrating. I think Sandler portrays the chaotic lifestyle pretty well and I thought the female leads were pretty strong.<br/><br/>I think where I just struggle is the amount of stupid decisions this guy makes. It got to a point where i just started losing interest in where the story was headed and by the end I had zero interest in the outcome. I stuck with it and there are some good points but just left with a feeling of missed chances. Too much shouting. Cant understand what's being said. Dont know what's going on?. Don't let this be the future of cinema. Please. I'm begging.<br/><br/>The soundtrack is completely overpowering.<br/><br/>The characters constantly talk over each other and the yelling takes very few breaks.<br/><br/>I managed 1 hour and then had to turn it off.<br/><br/>This film managed to effect me more than any film I can remember. If you're in to being stressed out, I highly recommend it. Truly one of the worst movies it has been my misfortune to watch! Terrible storyline, weak acting and constant shouting throughout. Do you self a favour and avoid this one! Sandler plays his best role to date for me, after seeing him in sub par comedy's for the past 10 years it's nice to see what he's actually capable of as an actor. The whole film kept me interested and I actually felt for sanders character. A roller-coaster from the start all the way through to the absolutely brilliant ending. Bravo. It's like someone is playing 3 movies all at once over Adam Sandler shouting. Is there supposed to be a narrative? It's complete and utter garbage, just noise. I got through an hour then it had to stop. It's like watching a frustrating car accident. Truly the most annoying movie I've ever seen. Not a single character is worthy of your attention. This is what purports to be male bravado fighting over a dirty rag. It's like watching idiots in a bar pull knives on each other arguing about who can drink fastest. Probably the worst film I've seen on Netflix ever.
Soundtrack is really unnecessary, adds no value to the mood or atmosphere of the film. Awful storyline. Just constant shouting. A mess of a film. I don't know what to say about this one. It could easily be anything a lot better than what it is. May be two or three new characters that help to end the story better way. It was all going not so bad with the out of place background score pushing its way into the story, until it all fails with the one bullet shot. What a rash piece of ending! What was the purpose of the movie with average storyline, surprisingly above average acting, using its absurd soundtrack and pace of storytelling to carry the weight of viewers expectations, only to all fail in the end with nothing. Turning hundred some minutes of each viewer in to the ash. They could have really alter the ending of the movie and give it a better shot. Directors are trying to execute too many previously successful concepts together and failing ultimately as it seems. This Millenials and GenZ are all too generous and hip to give high ratings to anything that captures their attention for more than five to ten minutes and here that work is done by the absurd background score. Kudos. You will either love it or hate it! And I loved it. Brilliant music that has an 80s electronic retro feel! Sandlers character was hysterical but also broken and desperate! It's nerve wracking, funny and dark at times! It's different but class! Annoying, nervous, loud, chaotic, pointless, ... Spent the better part of the moving wishing everybody would die already Total chaos, noise all the time, worst soundtrack, ending is confusing, worst 135min spent in my life, twilight was better than this... Literally, this is one of the best films in the last decade. It's withering dismissal of capitalism, ambition, gambling addiction is brought to bear like a sledgehammer.<br/><br/>Funny as hell at points, Unbelievably sad, stressful and tragic at points. Adam Sandler has NEVER performed this well, and few actors have.<br/><br/>I can only assume those reviewing the films poorly are<br/><br/>(a) Philistines
(b) Couples - with one half who has attentivity disorder
(c) People who want every film to be quiet.<br/><br/>There is NO way this film is anything other than a total masterpiece, and I am being literal when I say, don't ever trust the opinion of anyone who tells you otherwise again. Couldn't manage more than 15 minutes of this film before having to turn it off due to the *intentionally* unbearable soundtrack, designed by the film-makers to make the viewer uncomfortable and stressed (i.e. by being unable to hear what anyone's actually saying). It certainly worked - it was on par with having a screaming baby held up to your face while trying to follow the dialogue. Give it a miss. Shouting and boring plot with a negative main character. Sandler acts well but the movie really is terrible. It made me feel stressed watching. Definitely not one to watch with a hangover! Nearly every scene sucked the life out of me because it was just so much convoluted noise.<br/><br/>Yikes. I don't understand how anyone could like this film; unless you enjoy watching Adam Sandler play an idiot in a predictable nonsensical drama and not a comedy-which it almost is-you'd be better off watching Blood Diamond. This movie is kinda good but also so annoyed. At the beggining of the movie there's an annoying music. The actors were yelling all the time. So that stressed me out. Like so many before me, I wanted to see this movie because of all I had read about the Safdie brothers and their unique style. And the trailer seemed OK and, remembering 'Spanglish' (2004), I know Adam Sandler can be more than the sum of his comedy parts when getting stuck into a meatier, more dramatic role. What a shame then that my decision making proved to be as flawed as Sandler's character in this film - or even Adam Sandler himself in agreeing to do it. 'Uncut Gems' is a mess of half-realised characters who shout a lot, swear even more and whose first reaction to any situation is to resort to violence. So where does this go so wrong - not enough room here but for a start, shouting is no substitute for acting and, most pertinently, the plot needs to have some foundation in plausibility. This is where the whole pack of cards comes tumbling down. The incident that effectively initiates the action is something the Sandler character does that is so mind-numbingly stupid not even donkey with learning difficulties would do it. Let alone someone who is supposed to be a bit of a sharp operator in New York underground betting circles. After that, the plot, and film, becomes a nightmarish mess of unfulfilled and unfulfillable situations. At least 'Uncut Gems' is well-named, hence the one star, since an uncut gem is just a piece of dirty earth...you see where I'm going with that! The instance where the trailer was better than the movie. Sandler should stick to comedy. This movie was very amusing, but it was the most stressful movie I have watched in a long time. I didn't like the ending that much, but that's life, its not gonna be good for people like Howard... and I always wish for happy endings.
Uhhhh anxiety... I was looking forward to seeing this film. The loud annoying sound track from the beginning of the film set it off in the wrong direction. Poorly written, lots of yelling, extremely bad music does not make a good movie. At least I got my money back. This movie is the worst ever from all the movies that Adam Sandler made. The plot is a cliche from those gangster like movies, this one is a gangster wanna be movie. If you want a movie that is riddled with 'F' words, 'MF' words, or 'S' words... then, this is for you. I still cannot quite comprehend why this is rated 8.0 here in IMDB... The acting, direction, almost every really, was almost perfect but I felt like I was undergoing a root canal without anesthesia. Lot of good and bad reviews, and I can't but wonder if the haters hate because they don't know what NYC and its crazy, wild demographics are like. I say this because a lot of people that don't like the movie complain about the yelling, and the in-your-face. That's what New Yorkers do!!! The story itself is meaningless, pointless, and fails to present a persuasive theory.<br/><br/>In this film, Sandler's character isn't even likable and an audience is supposed to care about him and care about what happens to him? At what point is an audience supposed to feel empathy for an affluent drug addicted screw up who cheats on his wife and cheats everyone he deals with in life? He has no redeeming personality traits whatsoever. None. He's a terrible father, a terrible husband, a terrible Jew, a terrible businessman, etc. He's even a terrible scam artist.<br/><br/>At what point would an audience be rooting for a morally bankrupt, unlikable protagonist? And, ultimately kill off the protagonist when we hate the guy??? It makes NO sense. I wanted to like this movie, I tried to like this movie. It had potential, but came up so short.
I want to say I actually like Adam Sandler..well his early movies. They made me chuckle.
This movie was frantic, disorganized, and sloppy at times.
I thought Sandler's performance wasn't bad, Kevin Garnett was pretty good and Idina Manuel's performance was wasted on very limited screen time.
The absolute worst part of the movie was the score. The loud weird techno trance music was distracting and took away from the whole movie , especially the critical intense scenes.
The movie tries too hard to show off Sandler's acting skills. It could've toned things down a bit.
I gave it a 5 because their were decent things but also some bad things.
The ending was good but couldn't save the rest of the film. It's the worst 2 hours of my life. If a good movie is Adam Sandler whining, women bitching, and music that sounds like it's from some 80's Russian you should watch this rubbish. Otherwise avoid at all costs, as for Adam Sandler getting an Oscar, I wouldn't script him in a bad way. I very much enjoyed watching this movie. It had wonderful cinematography and directing and I loved Adam Sandler in the lead role. It kept my interest the entire way through. My criticism though, is that I feel like this movie deserved a happier ending. Pleople are giving this movie 8-9-10 stars. Even 5 stars is to high.<br/><br/>Please don't waste youre time on this movie This movie scores big with many reviewers, but NOT with me! The movie is considered a crime, drama, mystery.. but it's more like just watching the life of a guy who is an addicted gambler. It's not along the lines of "Scarface" or something with action. It's painfully mundane watching an addict live his life and his lies.<br/><br/>In a big way, I see movies for the fantasy aspect or historical value.. and this was more like watching someone's nightmare.<br/><br/>I was disappointed in the story, though the acting was fine.. and actually very good for Sandler. Sets and scenery were simply New York business buildings.. nothing to write home about.<br/><br/>On a 1 to 10 scale (10 is best), I'd seriously give it a 4. It was NOT painful to watch and experience. Simply an unpleasant movie and story.<br/><br/>From Dan Slentz, Show host of Reel Tunez.. The Radio Show All About the Movies This movie is all noise. One hour into movie and I am thinking when is this movie going to end. So glad I saw it free on Netflix. Sucked from beginning to end. And I really don't care for any of the characters... watching decadent people don't amuse me. That's what happen when you just want to produce movies..
Another Netflix rediculous movies "F- this. F-that. " That's all you hear from this movie. At least that's the only audible and comprehensible parts of the story. Starts interesting. Kevin Garnett's there. Acting's pretty natural, then the rest of the movie is Adam Sandler yelling non-stop (which is typical of an Adam Sandler movie, but this is x10) and I literally got a headache watching this. I looked at my progress. I was only an hour in. I guess if you want to torture yourself, go ahead, but I don't understand the high ratings. On the plus side, it's nice to see Adam Sandler show some dramatic range, but the stress and anxiety I got from this movie is not worth my leisure time. Really surprised this film has been so well reviewed. I had to turn it off after 40 minutes. Was a mix of predictable storylines, mostly yelling, and background music that didn't create drama but just made the volume too intense for you to listen to amongst the aforementioned yelling. This movie is a dead bore. Was hoping for much more from underrated actor Adam Sandler. His character is NOT a charismatic anything - he is an unlikeable, linguistically challenged cheat and liar who takes advantage of every person in his life. Nonstop screaming and cursing is not dialogue, it's just mindless noise. The ending is hilarious and the only enjoyable part of the movie. I honestly can't understand the over the top positive reviews of this movie. It's an anxiety inducing script and soundtrack, I've never seen so many people leave a theatre at the halfway point or less. Uncut Gems is just that, a raw gem of a movie.<br/><br/>The plot kicks in immediately, introducing the driving force of the events in the film. The story quickly gains momentum and maintains it until the credits roll, even then you're unsure if you can relax yet or not.<br/><br/>An element of filmmaking that doesn't often get highlighted is the score, and this film has a great one. The persistent score is the only thing that will remind you that you're watching a movie, giving the film an etherial and almost futuristic feel.<br/><br/>Last and certainly not least is the dialogue, I cannot remember the last time I heard dialogue that felt so real, natural, and believable. People talk over each other, have to repeat themselves, and above all they talk like people do. This helps add to the constant intensity of the film and the overall gritty realism.<br/><br/>Get yourself some popcorn and an extra stick of deodorant and go see Uncut Gems now. It's worth it to see Sandler's performance alone. This isn't the perfect movie, however I believe it perfectly executed the film it was trying to be, making it deserving of a 10/10. That was the worst cinematic excursion I've ever witnessed. It was a train wreck that the entire audience was too dumbfounded to leave. Much too chaotic to follow such a weak plot and zero character development. Idena Menzel should change her name to whatever John Travolta called her at the Oscars for having anything to do with this travesty.
Adam Sandler, I want my money back! The movie follows someone who is completely pathological and who makes horrible life decisions on an hourly basis.<br/><br/>I liked the movie, though it's not the best thing since sliced bread, it's still a nice way to spend 2hours of your life. I was irritated the whole movie through, by how this guy lives his life. I can't imagine being in his shoes, but that's the beauty of movies: You technically ARE in his shoes, because you're seeing the actions and consequences of a crazy person.<br/><br/>Sandler's performance doesn't deserve an Oscar, but it's certainly in his top 3 of all time. It's a pretty good film actually, really stressful. I can just about stomach Adam Sandler in this. The sound was terrible, too much music overlaying the dialogue which was so bad. It made no sense. I gave up before even halfway through. Do not waste your time! What a movie. From start to finish this movie puts you in a whirlwind and a guessing game about the main character played by Adam Sandler. Twists and turns and new characters introduced scene to scene, this movie takes you by the horns and keeps you on a ride. It had a different take on scene transition and script with dialogues and quick turns. The pacing of the plot is incredible. I do believe it's Adam Sandler's best performance as an actor. I don't understand how you can rate this movie lower than a 7. I really enjoyed this movie, but why does Adam Sandler need to be annoying as Hell in every movie he is in? Loved it when he got a bullet in the head! This movie is, just, pfffttt. A unique flick for sure, and the polarized reviews are definitely understandable. Its hectic, truly anxiety-inducing, heart racing with impending doom. But not like an action movie, it's a more realistic portrayal of walls closing in.
Personally, I loved it. What a ride. And Sandler? I wrote him off years ago, but he truly disappears in this role. Hes fantastic. Worth the watch regardless. Been a Sandler fan since Billy Madison...Uncut Gems is a great movie...keeps your stomach in nots constantly..very stressful chasing that ultimate score...as every person who lives a compulsive lifestyle knows were always making rash decisions without any consideration of how it affects our future or others around us...You cant help but feel for Ratner because he is in one hell of a cold streak..you could see the outcome the entire time it was just a matter of who not when..Spoiler alert...after seeing the end of the movie it makes me wonder if the beginning was actually a autopsy being performed and the whole movie he was already dead...we were just seeing how he lived the last few weeks of his life through the drs scope?..maybe im way off but it really makes you consider it LOL. Adam Sandler did amazing job, maybe the best job he've done in whole his career. Movie was very interesting,plot wasn't too difficult to fallow. Not a fan of ending but still film amazed me. One of the good gem of 2020. First, do not go into this movie expecting it to be anything like a warmhearted comedy with a good message. I suggest one start with and keep an open mind and make no assumptions when it comes to a movie starring Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>This is quite the serious dramatic movie and that fact really surprised me. The story that unfolded was not anything like what I had expected. The storytelling and character development and how their relationships played out is something like how Heat was put together and presented (of course this movie is not a clone of or anything like Heat).<br/><br/>Key points for my rating and deciding to write this review: Great writing. Great acting. Excellent cinematography. Great character development. Great consistency of mood, set and setting. And the story the movie told was pretty solid.<br/><br/>I do need to mention that the pace is quite a bit slow (without making the movie dull), and at times I did feel that maybe too much time was spent with me waiting for some clue as to what was meant to happen.<br/><br/>All things considered, I really enjoyed watching Uncut Gems and seriously appreciated the performances of Adam Sandler, and the movies' other lesser-known actors and actresses.<br/><br/>Worth the watch when the mood strikes to watch something dramatic and a bit dark.<br/><br/>It was just $0.99 to rent and stream from iTunes, so I took a chance and it paid off. Tense drama about money, bling and pure relentless chaos.<br/><br/>About a New York Jewish jeweller with connections all over the city, but always seemed to be in trouble with everyone. He acquires a rare and huge opal from Ethiopia, and he is convinced that it's worth over a million dollars, and hopes to sell it and that this will allow him to pay-off his ever growing debts.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the movie but my wife was always wondering what was going on and where the plot was going! To be fair I'm not exactly sure what the moral was, but I enjoyed all the same.<br/><br/>I was also surprised at the excellent uncharacteristic performance from Adam Sandler as the jeweller. I've seen a few negative reviews on IMDB for this film - those people are crazy. Movies depicting addicts and adrenaline junkies aren't for everybody. However, this is a well-made, well-written film, and Adam Sandler is spectacular in this very serious role. I have never liked 'serious Sandler', and lately I haven't liked much 'funny Sandler', but this performance redeems him. If you have ever place a wager that you couldn't really afford on a televised sports game, then you will be able to relate to this film.<br/><br/>RealReview Posting Scoring Criteria:
Acting: 1/1;
Casting: 1/1;
Directing: 1/1;
Story: 1/1;
Writing/Screenplay: 1/1;<br/><br/>Total Base Score = 5<br/><br/>Modifiers (+ or -):
Originality: +1 (There should really be more 'Jewish Philandering Gambling-Addict Jewel Dealer' movies.);<br/><br/>Authentic Location Shooting: +1 ( Diamond District, Manhattan, New York City. I've always been curious about that area, and what those little stores were like.);<br/><br/>Standout Performances: +1 ( Adam Sandler );<br/><br/>Total RealReview Rating: 8 Absolutely loved this piece of art...it was intense and this movie had a very prolific message to spread..and also quite relatable when a wealthy man runs to seek for money but ends up messing up things..i will personally suggest to watch this..u will love it for sure Everyone will feel off kilter for most of the movie, but especially if you are a straight-and-narrow type about lying and cheating. There are few absolutes here, as all the moralism is relative.<br/><br/>Ostensibly the movie is about sports gambling and a precious gem, but those are McGuffins ---this is a character study of a kind-hearted narcissist (oxymoron) and his pulsating impact on his social sphere. If you are intrigued by that type of social/anti-social dichotomy, or even better know someone like that, then you will bravely navigate through the chaos in the bulk of the movie to a riveting denouement. The energy is high - much yelling and cursing, often overwrought - because Sandler's character pushes every opportunity and relationship to its limit for perverse gratification.<br/><br/>The story telling is intelligent; natural with no clunky exposition. The unusual choice to set in 2012 pays off thanks to the cameos. The lust to orbit athletes and performers is assumed as given. The Wkend scene seemed gratuitous initially, but added a layer. Loose ends (like the inflated gem appraisal) are left loose. The movie could have doubled its box office with a safe Hollywood ending; but kudos for the gutsy depiction to seemingly glorify flawed humanity, living on the edge, until displaying the repercussions of falling off.<br/><br/>Sandler has been universally praised for his performance, but I would say his character as drawn, the rapid-fire situations, and fine supporting actors (Julia Fox is a newcomer with the IT factor) make it comfortable for Sandler to deliver a solid performance. But truthfully, Sandler only operates in one gear here - albeit a different one than we are used to. I envision a gifted dramedy actor like Paul Giamatti would have been able to supply more nuance to deliver more pathos - but that is nitpicking.<br/><br/>This movie is about choices. If you're in the mood for an intense, unflinching look at life on the edge, this is a good choice for you. I hardly believe that shouting is a indispensable element of good acting and great movie atmosphere.
Because that is the main thing I'll remember about most of the dialogs. It is really very disturbing as it doesn't help the average acting and atmosphere in any way.
Even so, I was able to watch it till the predictable end, whose main message about addiction(s) is not concealed enough to engage the viewer thinking.
Definitely not a gem of movie. This film breaks stereotypes about Adam Sandler. Firstly, the plot is perfect, it catched me from the first minute and didn't let go to the end. The tension grows constantly, and you can feel all emotions: from laugh to fear and sadness. Secondly, the cast is good but this film is benefit performance of Adam Sandler, I think he played one of the best role in his career.
So, it's wonderful film about value of money and money's obsession. I have never been a Sandler fan but this definitely changed my perceptions of him. This is not a film to put on as an 'easy watch film good film' by any means, but both the soundtrack, cinematography and acting keep you on the edge your seat throughout. At times I couldn't tell if I hated the main character or if I felt sorry for him. The ending was very climactic too, perfect. Would recommend Not a huge fan of Sandler on the whole, the last few films he's made has certainly not helped him either. But this is a whole other level of filmmaking, completely alien to his usual schtick. Howard is a real person, the character lives and breaths, every character does in fact. Have not been this heavily invested in what is happening in a film in a long time. Highly recommend going in completely blind with no plot details spoiled, so I'm not going to say a thing. What an actual transformation for a role. For one second in the movie I don't feel like am detached from it. It just keep going better and better. So gripping. I don't understand the negative movies at all! It's an amazing movie. Sandler is absolutely amazing. It's fast and heart racing. Last 20 mins will have u at the edge of the seat. Fast paced and totally unexpected from Adam Sandler this movie keeps you guessing till the end.
Must see! The movie is slow at first. As it progresses towards the end it becomes more interesting. After spending 35 years in the gem business..the movie portrays the jewelry business in a way I never encountered but then I didn't sell crap jewelry to that element of celebrity. A Michael Jackson cross??? Gross. It was a departure for Adam. Some intense scenes. All in all I wouldn't recommend this film to any of my friends. I believe this is the best performance by Adam Sandler in his entire career. we all agree that most of the movies he is in doesn't fit him but if he take the leap of faith I think he will do great may be win an oscar.
Best of luck to your future choices. One of the Top ten movies from 2019.
Netflix keep these Gems coming.
Great direction and no doubt, the best perfomance from Sandler to this date. This is an amazing and well-done movie, just not a really positive one. So if you're looking for a movie to unwind and relax to, then this is not it. But if you're looking for something more sophisticated and explores the dark-side of things, you'll probably love it. Ok the plot was flimsy and somewhat weird but I watched until the end. I am not an Adam Sandler fan, and thankfully he wasn't his typical goofy self. It wasn't brilliant in any one sense, just a mash up of some unconventional characters doing some weird things. It kind of works though. I just don't know what to call it This movie is unbearable.
More than two hours of non-stop talking, sometimes several characters talking at once, I don't know if it tries to mimic some king of intensity of action but it's pathetic and obnoxious. And the main actor is barely decent. I thought it was a great movie. Not a single boring minute and the acting was superb Mesmerizing thriller, propelled by an awe-inspiring act from Adam Sandler, _Uncut Gems_ is super gripping, smart, darkly humorous and heart-breaking, in almost equal measures.<br/><br/>One of the best films to watch during these times of lockdown. Catch it on _Netflix_. If you like constant yelling, this is the movie for you. I use the F word a lot, but this was off the charts. I don't even think there was a script... Just a bunch of ad-libbed yelling. I gave it 4 stars because Adam Sandler was a completely different character than usual. I must admit, the longer I watched the film, my stress level gets higher and higher. It was so strange to understand, that my stress level kept higher with the film. I was nervous an anxious, felt pitty for the main character, but at the same time was angry about him. The film takes a deeper look at your weak points. Greed and to be satisfy with what you have, ist all about that in life. Loved Adam Sandler's role, although I don't like him much as an actor... definitely a film worth watching! Not recommended, kind of boring and all adam does is keep screaming until his voice is stuck on your head, and the plot twist? Surprising but bad Really, I needed a movie I loved after seeing bad ones on Netflix over and over.
Then I gave 'Uncut Gems' a chance because I already knew the potential of Adam Sandler. He's a unique kind of actor who can give a lively impression of his characters and he offers a splendid performance in this movie. When many people critique the 'messy' overlook of this movie I found it entertaining and intriguing. In my eyes a masterpiece! Over 2 hours we'll never get back! Constant shouting/music too loud so hard to make out what is being said. Predictable storyline - not sure where there high reviews came from?! Although it was a very creative story and a great performance by Sandler, I felt the movie seemed jumbled, rushed, and lacked genuineness. With a dramatic script closely tied to real life people and events, I didn't feel a sense of compelling. authentic emotion from the cast. With these flaws, I didn't become emotionally-invested in the story, nor have I spent time reflecting back on it. Perhaps, these flaws could have been quelled either with a more tightly-edited production to "remove the fluff and non-essential characters," OR through a multi-part series with time to develop deeper, more authentic characters and remove any confusion in the production, thereby establishing rapport with the viewer extending beyond the final scene. I couldn't finish this film due to the noise of every scene being so loud it drowned out the subjects. It was like trying to watch a video on your phone at a sports event but I was watching with headphones in my bedroom. It was chaotic and unfocused, which was likely an artistic decision to amplify the chaos of the character's life but it drove me nuts. I loved this movie! The sound and visual effect carry you to the end in a crescendo effect that breaks the glass at the end. The audience is left in suspense to imagine the fate of the main characters. The movie takes you back to the 80's using electronic audio and an original plot that make you feeling like you were in 1985 watching the Twin Towers in Central Park. The layers in this movie develop the characters in a way that in the end reveal their true nature. I couldn't finish this movie, I just couldn't take it anymore. It's like a simulation ride of a panic attack or being trapped working in a busy sports bar. The acting and atmosphere created is really well done. But following points I believe do not make this movie having such a high rating.<br/><br/>To see how well a movie did is like looking at a barrel consisting of multiple planks. These planks are like all the different elements that make up the film, like directing, cinematography, production design, editing, music, etc. Due to the different skill levels of each department all planks are not at same length, and the water (content of the film, or how good the film is) you put in a barrel is only as much as the shortest. In this case:<br/><br/>The Acting was very good, the atmosphere created was nice, the cinematography helped to push the characters forward.<br/><br/>BUT<br/><br/>The directing was bad, the first 3 scenes had no breathing. You had multiple people talking at the same time, hard to understand what is going on. It's very chaotic, which yes, was on intention and nicely done. BUT you have to have a couple of breaks in between, and not having everyone talking at the same time for 3 scenes long. This is unbearable.<br/><br/>The editing was also bad, similar to the dialogue, there is not breathing, bad pacing at especially the beginning of the film. We as an audience do not get a slower edited scene to digest the beginning chaotic scenes.<br/><br/>Music was the worse, it is ok to use the music being used in the film for the beginning to emphasize this world of diamonds trades back and forth, greed and the high pace of selling valuable items. But this kind of music becomes very annoying the longer you listen to it. And it has been also used for at least 3 scenes long making it hard to watch and getting unconcentrated.<br/><br/>Overall, I had to put the volume down and skip forward some scenes that I felt were just being chaotic and not really useful.<br/><br/>When comparing it to marriage story, there was also similar acting of chaotic dispute and back and forth uncoordinated talking. But that one controlled the overall pacing very well unlike this one. What was I thinking when I pressed play on this film. I had never watched such an annoying and irritating actor on film... I paused half way through, and sat through the last painful hour... never again. I hated it. Only Adam Sandler's portrayal of a shouty low life is good 2/10 is generous After seeing so many good reviews from online sources, I thought I had to watch this. I am sorry I spent time doing so.
The sound track kills the movie for sure. It is loud, intrusive and instead of adding to the intensity, rather irritates the viewer. Add people talking over each other all the time to the anoying soundtrack and you have one big noise. I kept turning the sound down on my home theater system until I had to stop the movie.
It actually gave me a headache.
Sandler was good in the movie, but during the dramatic crying scenes, I just could not believe his sadness or humiliation. It felt like he was little Nicky as an adult.
I did finish watching it, and it left me sad, annoyed and irritated. It is a movie my wife would call "unnecessary" and this time I have to agree with her. I CAN COMPARE THIS MOVIE TO A STANDUP ROLLER COASTER RIDE... RIGHT WHEN YOU THINK THE RIDE IS COMING TO AN END, THE FLOOR DROPS OUT FROM UNDER YOU. Awful. No character development. 2 hrs of shouting and absolutely no build up. No idea how this is rated above 4/5 on IMDB. I couldn't stand the movie , I felt my head will blow !!! I stopped it and then read the ending online ! I didn't like adam sandler's performance as well .. I liked this movie, it has Adam Sandler playing a different type of character than the ones he is used to play and he is good at it but not great (definitely not worth an oscar for the performance, maybe a nomination but not an oscar). The movie is a little bit all over the place in the beginning but it works well because Howard's life is all over the place too, good achievement in directing.
The movie is entertaining but by no means it is a masterpiece. It is a good enjoyable movie and definitely worth a watch.
I feel like this would be a good movie for Scorcese to direct and it would obviously be so much better (imagine the casting he would get for this).
Anyway I think you will like this movie but don't put your expectations too high. Good movie w good acting.
7/10 A friend (whose opinion on movies I value) recommended this. He asked me again if I watched it so I told him I would watch it tonight with my girlfriend. We literally made it one hour in and had to turn it off. I only did that for one other film and that was Black Panther (Don't get me started)
The most interesting part of the whole movie is the first few minutes and then we're in New York and everyone is screaming, almost constantly. Talking over each other. Ignoring each other. Threatening each other. And the soundtrack!!! WTF? It was like an elevator version of Vangelis. Cheesy 80's synth pop on a kids first Casio keyboard.
Sandler is like a poor mans Pacino. A screaming Pacino. Just awful. He needs to stick with comedy.... but then again, he pretty much screams and shouts in every movie so why am I surprised?
I'm having a drink now because my nerves are gone and I feel like I need to assault someone. In self defence naturally.
I'm assuming the city was nuked at the end to satisfy those that made it to the end of the movie. This would be the only way to satisfy a viewer in my opinion. Not one likeable character and all horrible people. Uncut Gems is a masterpiece. The score, the direction, and Adam Sandlers Beautiful performance make this movie easily one of 2019's best films. The Safdie brothers create a world that is purely inhabited by high stress and anxiety inducing situations that you can't help but sit through to see what'll happen next. The central character Howard, is extremely charismatic and you just want to see him get out of the hole that he is in. In any other movie I would hate this character, but Sandlers performance makes it almost impossible to look away from the screen. The way every scene is directed is exemplary. The music and chaotic conversations overlapping each other make almost every scene force me on the edge of my seat .The Safdies really showed their talents in this movie and I can't wait to see what they do next. My goodness. If you have high anxiety I suggest you think twice about watching this movie. From the very beginning you feel uncomfortable with the character Howard (Adam Sandler).<br/><br/>Just a heads up for anyone watching that has had gambling problems or encounters with bookies/mob. This might not be for you and may cause issues if you watch with friends or family. It's a bit rough on that side.<br/><br/>The ending is insane and overall this movie is crazy. Loved the cameo appearances by KG and The Weeknd. Intense and exhilarating from start to finish. The best part is definitely Adam Sandlers authentic portrayal of Howard who has all sorts of drama in his life. You can't help but be in his corner in as the film progresses It's insane how it just doesn't stop but don't overwhelm you. Absolutely amazing movie. I was involved, engaged and on the edge of my seat. But simultaneously feeling more and more frustrated and appalled. The ending did not fix that and now I never want to rewatch this well made but film with very troubled characters in a terribly chaotic and frustrating context. In short Adam Sandler 10/10 amazing role,Great movie great story I went into this with alot of expectations and i ended up with a void as the movie ended , it"s undoubledly adam sandlers best performance yet , but the story is so bad and unsatisfying , i wouldnt waste my time with this one , unless you wanna see julia fox's ass , which tbh is a noble cause I have to say that I fell asleep halfway through it, however, after I woke up, the movie started making sense. The only problem was that the plot was too obvious.<br/><br/>Don't care for the performances.
Photography isn't groundbreaking but does the job.
Music is mainstream yet serves the plot.
Directing is interesting, it lets things happen.
I have to say its biggest hit is the message.<br/><br/>Not a movie I'd watch many more times though. Which isn't necessarily something bad. People really thought the film should win an Oscar or even be nominated? Mann this film was mediocre if anything. It was cool seeing KG act but thats really it Over the top, crazed plot. Seriously how stupid can a guy be? Adam Sandler plays the usual stupid character but in a dark non comedic setting. Not exactly revolutionary.<br/><br/>I predicted the ending about 2 thirds through, but then I guess most would. I won't spoil it for you. <br/><br/>It's an ok movie but don't get your hopes up. This is not a diamond in the rough. This movie made me super stressful. I usually like Adams movies but this one was so bad! I read in the promotion for this film that Adam Sandler played his best role here. This is not a performance because it has always been a rotten role in lamentable turnips. Moreover, if I do not dispute that it is good in this film, it is nevertheless a terrible turnip as usual, and even worse than usual because it gave me a migraine from the beginning. This film has been gaining quite a bit of buzz recently and on Friday Netflix released this film and now I have seen it and this is my review for this film. The premise for the film shows the life of a charismatic Jewel dealer and how he can try and make a large score to pay off people he owes money too.
Main Character
Now I have to admit Adam Sandler for me was seen as pretty washed up and you would only see him in pretty awful comedy but my opinion has now changed, this is probably the best performance of his career and can stretch his career out for years to come. He is so charismatic in this role but not in the annoying way you expect, he clearly knows what he is doing in the role and you can't take your eyes off of him when he is on screen. His dramatic performance is also great, he really goes through the emotional ringer in this film and I just couldn't believe it was Adam Sandler giving this excellent performance and I really hope we see him do more dramatic roles in the future.
Supporting Characters
Julia Fox plays Sandler's girlfriend in the film and she hasn't done much before this but I thought she did a good job in the film,, there chemistry together was there in the film and I thought she did a decent in the film. However, the rest of the people in this film aren't intreresting at all in the film, plenty of people come in and leave the film but there isn't much context to them and because Sandler completely owns the film these other people are mostly just there.
Story
It is really interesting seeing the life of this guy as he deals with all these different things going on and showing just how chaotic this world gets to. The film does a great job of building the tension because of how this story builds and builds throughout, I also really liked the end of the film and felt it was appropriate for the story that has been told. However, as mentioned with the supporting characters I felt that especially in the first 20 mins the film could have done with a bit more explanation as to why certain characters are after Sandler as it is never really explained.
Script
The script is really good, a great mix of humour and drama to it, especially when Sandler is delivering the lines you believe everything that he is saying. Though I noticed that during the film that characters talk over each other lots in this film, I am fine with it for a bit because it is natural and like real life but it becomes a bit too much throughout the film and it feels like people are just trying to get there lines in over the other people.
Style
This film has a great style to it, you feel the same way as Sandler's character in the film and you go on the journey with him and start to break down as he does. As the film goes on it just gets more and more intense and you feel the tension building that it keeps you watching and really makes you wonder exactly what is going to happen.
Overall
Overall this is a good film that is led by a truly brilliant performance by Adam Sandler. This film was good but nothing groundbreaking and will pretty much only be remembered for Sandler's performance. Incredibly stressful, yes. But if you enjoy intense filmmaking then this one's for you. If not then go watch Jack and jill I just couldn't stop watching this movie, even though it was an absolute nightmare. I don't know if it's one of the best or worst movies I've ever seen and it left me feeling both very satisfied and disappointed. If you have a problem with stress, this is not for you.
There is probably no words that could give this movie a fair review so, if you're up for a serious viewing experience, see it!
A better ending would have brought this movie all the way home, explaining why I "just" gave this a 7/10. Are we going to just accept that every movie from Netflix has so many fake reviews giving it a false high rating? It's so simple to make out the highly rated reviews for these movies are fake, u can easily make out by the words used in the titles of these reviews, they try too hard and its a total give away... Is imdb going to do nothing about this? Because this is happening in each and every title from Netflix.<br/><br/>This movie is pathetic low quality movie not even worth watching for a second, poorly made, poorly shot, poorly acted, no story absolutely nothing.. it's just an annoyingly loud obnoxious d grade movie with absolutely no quality and terrible actors and ur telling me this movie has legit got 8 rating? I was bored so turned on netflix and saw Sandler's face in pain with the title of the movie below it, something was weird, so i started it. Best choice i made recently! It's a "different" movie, it's filled with emotions and discomfort, foolishness and arrogance. The music express this very well, and Sandler's performance is incredible; i couldn't belive it, i was enjoying it, i was glued to the screen! Nothing is what it seems in this movie, and made me enjoy it till the end... when that awful music starts and the credits rolls. It is a very well written movie, broke me to pieces! loved it! Without a doubt one of the most serious roles Adam Sandler's career has taken, though at some points we all see and hear him as the same guy who was once Billy Madison or Happy Gilmore, packed with nonsense and goofy sounds- But here we see an actor whose performance is upstaging all previous roles.
He his hard on the role and kept strictly business on this,and you can tell he definitely deserves an award (a big,important one) Lots of yelling and cursing. The whole movie was "loud".... people talking over people. Not the typical Sandler's movie, very different acting skill. I thought the movie would relate more on the "uncut gem"? Instead just gambling and loan shark issue. Uncut Gems was directed by the Safdie Brothers and stars Adam Sandler as a man who runs a jewlery shop in New York City. After he comes across a rock with several gems stored inside it, he places a bidding on it and it causes some serious problems for his store, family, love-life and his own life.<br/><br/>I'll be honest, I wish I could get more into the hype for this movie, but sadly, I felt it to be slightly too flawed for me to truly get invested into it. That's not to say Uncut Gems is bad, I still think it's a good movie admittedly. I feel like the flaws keep it from being a masterpiece in my eyes. There are certain times within the movie that feel a bit disjointed. I feel like certain plot-points, specifically with the main character's family, feel pointless by the end of the movie. Finally, I feel like the movie can get too loud and obnoxious at times.<br/><br/>With these flaws out of the way, it is FAR superior to most of his other works. Sandler's performance, for instance is really good as this unlikable egotist that gets himself into various shenanigans. I thought the plot-points that worked had a major impact on the story in the long-run. I found the story's third act very exhilarating, gripping and especially tense. That's easily where it felt most like a thriller. Sandler's character made for a very interesting one, considering that he is an unlikable jerk. Finally, I really liked the production design and the cinematography work.<br/><br/>7/10 Really good. I enjoyed it. Cool visual style, music, and engaging storyline. I liked the movie and I thought Sandler did a great job with his character. Maybe a little less yelling and the soundtrack was the worst I have maybe ever heard. It sounded like the soundtrack to a bad 60's Sci Fi movie. What a good movie. The two hours went by fast and for me that is a good sign about a movie. The movie is intense and over the top. There should not be as much cussing in it but that is just my opinion. Overall two thumbs up. Having never seen their debut feature "Good Time" starring Robert Pattinson, this is my first introduction to the Safdie brothers and it definitely delivered a satisfactory thrill ride from start to "almost" end.<br/><br/>When Adam Sandler is giving good direction and material to work with, he can be a surprisingly good actor, and this being a Safdie brothers film, NOT an Adam Sandler movie produced through Happy Madison productions, it clearly shows in how well crafted Howard Ratner's shady and manic persona. Howard, the main character played by Sandler is a jeweler working in New York's Diamond district who is also a gambling addict and on the verge of divorcing his wife Dinah (Idina Menzel) who is fed up with both his infidelity and his gambling addiction.<br/><br/>Over the course of the film both before and after receiving the Ethiopian Opal which sets the films events into motion, Howard comes into a number of unsavory and criminal elements who are also increasingly fed up with Howard's constant need to pay back debts with money he's either pawned or owes to other people to begin with thus keeping him in a constant cycle of debt although he doesn't seem to upset by this and instead seems to accept it as a part of a fast paced lifestyle not willing to think too hard over the dire consequences it's having on his life until it's too late.<br/><br/>At the end it seemed like it was finally going to pay off finally after so much bad luck and misfortune with Howard finally getting his happy ending with Julia and then he gets shot and killed by one of the crooks, who from the start seemed to have an exceptionally short fuse combined with a great dislike of Howard, thus eliminating the possibility of a true happy ending, but what was it all for in the end? He goes through all of that and doesn't come out of it alive, and the audience never even gets to find out what happens after his family and friends learn about his death. It felt really cheap and ruined much of the film for me.<br/><br/>I suppose you could make the argument that he never learned from his mistakes and that even if he had lived to reap the spoils of his biggest gamble he would still end up screwing it up. going back into debt and ruining his relationship with Julia much like he had with Dinah. Even if that was the intention I don't know why they played up the climax and other scenes with such tension and seemed to be hinting that it truly meant something in the end. I'm afraid it doesn't cut it for me, they could have written a better ending while still keeping the general idea of gambling and addiction of any sort perhaps, is bad. Distracting soundtrack that swallows any type of narrative. Reminds me of Two for the Money with Al Pacino, this one with a A24 color palette, filled with irrelevant distractions to hide the fact that is content-less masses appealing. The plot is vulgar, but they managed to make it entertaining in the second half mainly because of the charismatic Adam Sandler. I'm sure this film had a script and a screenplay, but it plays out more like the stream of consciousness ravings of an inveterate and compulsive gambler in the guise of jewel merchant Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler). I mean really, you have to ratchet up your concentration to a whole new level to follow the musings of Howard as he traverses the city streets of New York to ply his trade and make the one big score that will get him out of hock with an array of dangerous debt holders. Add to the mix the presence of NBA star Kevin Garnett, whose obsession with a hunk of unrefined black opal leads the principals on a frantic chase across the Big Apple. It almost sounds like a comedy, though it's anything but, as Howard and his cohorts play for high stakes in a game in which the highest one might be a matter of life and death. This is an uncharacteristic role for Sandler, allowing for a range of acting ability not in evidence in the types of lightweight comedies he generally appears in. Here he's living on the edge every minute of the day, in a high stakes world that threatens to blow up any minute. Eventually it does, but probably in a way you won't expect. Contrast this film with 2014's "The Gambler" with Mark Wahlberg, and they'll both convince you that there's no such thing as a safe bet. What an unenjoyable movie to watch. It's difficult to connect with the characters. The movie is just Adam Sandler screaming the entire time. Really wish we had picked something else to watch tonight. Stopped it less than halfway through. This film is so overrated. Pure cringe. Pure noise. Awful script. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>The viewer is thrust right into a tornado of stressful and hectic situations, yelling and cursing all because of a gambling bet, a pawned NBA Championship ring and some dazzling, rare, uncut jewel from Ethiopia. Sandler owns a jewelry store and one of his key clientele is the NBA star Kevin Garnett (current player in the story), who when catches a glimpse of this strange gemstone, is mesmerized by it. He even had a career game the same day he set eyes on it. Sandler spends the film trying to get a big payday from this gemstone betting on Garnett. There are several intertwined deals all in play simultaneously. Can Sandler hit it big and Garnett hit the big jumper before patience run out with the men he owes money too? This was a better than I expected and well-done yet I must say, it was not an enjoyable viewing. Something different , Sandler's acting was on point and it kept me fully watching every minute of it. This movie seemed more like an "extended version". I'm not sure which parts could have been cut out specifically, but I was honestly getting bored towards the end.<br/><br/>The acting was great, and the story was good too, but it didn't keep me as interested as I would have hoped. A gambling addict gets in over his head and owes seemingly everyone in town and even when it's ruining his life he can't help himself from digging in deeper. He's a jewelry salesman but he keeps flipping things and loaning money he doesn't have all to hit it big that one time. I was on the edge of my seat near the end. It takes a while to build up but man you're in it at the end I'll say that. Good movie. I really don't know why there's a whole genre of films about people who have made bad decisions their whole life, and we now have to watch their last few days of even worse choices, to make that one big score that will settle it all.<br/><br/>Of course it won't, so there's no tension. Of course he won't change, and no one else will either so no character development. There's no protagonist, so it's a slog to care.<br/><br/>And often, like in this, it's not quiet desperation but loud, vocal, tiring desperation. I can see why everyone is mixed. I liked the plot and most of the performances.
The soundtrack is just GRATING- absolutely grating.
The aesthetic of 70s is well done.
No spoilers, but I do think this one went through at least several ending re-writes. I dont think it would CHANGED the ending per se, but there is a HUGE dangling plot thread that felt like it had a role, but was jettisoned for something else that is confirmed to have changed.
it makes the movie at least 15-20 minutes longer than it needed to be. I didn't know anything about this movie prior to watching it, not even the rating. I don't normally watch a movie that Sandler is in because I usually find them too silly and not funny. Considering this movie wasn't a comedy I decided to give it a shot. The whole time I kept feeling like something bad was going to happen. You know he is barely hanging on to the edge but somehow a deal always works out at the last second...until it doesn't. I don't see how so many people live like this in real life because it's got to be exhausting and very stressful. I gave it a 9/10 because I felt like there was probably about 15 minutes that didn't need to be to be in there. It was wasted time in my opinion and making a movie this long might deter people from watching it. I've had it on my watch list but held off on starting it because of the length. I would definitely watch it again and recommend it to others. The critics all say that this movie is great because it creates constant tension. I think critics need to do some meditating and get in touch with their feelings. That isn't tension folks. That emotion you are feeling is likely annoyance. Holy cow the main character is annoying - constantly. He has zero redeeming quality. He's upset because - as he puts it - nothing is going right in his life - because he constantly lies and "kicks against the pricks". He is one of the most self-defeating characters ever created on film. I'm sure the writers think "look how brilliant we are...we created a self-defeating character. People are going to love it!"<br/><br/>Maybe some do. I could not breathe watching this in the theater. Sandler is so charismatic, so lost, that you cannot help but get sucked into his madness. There is some great acting there. I found the film really annoying and very, very stressful. Because of the directing, it is hard to focus on the "plot". I did not enjoy it. Words cannot even describe this movie. You have to just see it. The music, the dialogue, the acting, the sounds... it's unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it. The Safdie Brothers have made it clear that they are making films that THEY want to make. You will not find some formulaic storytelling model in Uncut Gems.<br/><br/>The brothers' direction is on another level in this film. I'm sure even veteran directors will be blown away by it. Sandler was absolutely gripping and believable as a compulsive gambler with no redeeming qualities. Julia Fox was also amazing as Sandler's employee and mistress. I wish Idina Menzel had a larger role but she was also great in her limited amount of scenes. Some of the actors are first-time actors and/or jewelers in real life, which is astounding considering how good they were. Kevin Garnett also delivers a great performance. Although he is supposed to be playing a version of "himself", he came across as a villain which suited the film well.<br/><br/>The ending goes down as some of the best cinema I've ever seen (this is not hyperbole). It is shocking but completely fitting while at the same time hysterical. In fact, the entire film managed to balance an insane amount of comedy, thrills, and drama.<br/><br/>But this review cannot be finished without mentioning the composer Daniel Lopatin AKA Oneohtrix Point Never. His score reminds me of what Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross did in THE SOCIAL NETWORK. It just adds a whole other layer of complexity and depth to the film.<br/><br/>10++ stars. Should get nominated for an Oscar or two. In a different era, this film would get nominated for many Oscars. But I think it'll definitely get nominated for best original screenplay and best original score.<br/><br/>Also Ronald Bronstein (co-writer and editor) deserves credit for this masterpiece as well. He doesn't get as much attention as The Safdies but I think he'll have a long, prosperous career. Best of 2010's
Best of 2019
Top 200 movies<br/><br/>If someone asks me to describe anxiety in two words I would tell him Uncut Gems. This movie got my attention from start till end and it never slows. Something is always happening and going wrong. My palms were so sweaty that my whole phone got wet (that's what she said). Adam Sandler gives masterful and Oscar worthy performance. I can't wait to see this in cinema and bring my friends with me. Adam Sandler please do more movies like this. I've never seen so many complaining and crying people writing reviews. If you notice all the complainers they keep saying the same thing, it was so stressful it was so loud there was yelling. Did even one of you even stop to think that it was made convey the stress to viewers? Clearly some of you need to stick to Disney movies. Sandler did great at his dramatic role. I enjoyed the synth score myself it may have been a cross between. Miami Vice and Reading Rainbow but it worked. The sheer fact that you were complaining about the stress means the film achieved what it was supposed to. This film was too long, poorly written and highly overrated. Idina Menzel and Adam Sandler gave very good performances despite the lack of direction and story. For me, this is the most disappointing movie experience of 2019<br/><br/>My first instinct was to give it one star, and I can't explain where the second one came from. Maybe because it was kind of interesting to see Sandler in a different role? I have idea why it's rated so highly. 2 hours of Sandler screaming inane and insane nonsense then dies in the end ....way overdue for the character he plays ....that's an expectation from the first few minutes of the film. I kept thinking it would get better ....it didn't. If there's a point I sure missed it.<br/><br/>Hard to believe I stayed up late to watch this thing. Oh well. Such a waste of time one of the worst and annoying movies I've seen in my life. Everybody talking and interrupting each other and it goes like that for two whole hours!!! The above words from a woman walking behind me leaving the theater. Truer words were never spoken. Horrible. Avoid this monstrous ordeal of a film. I don't understand the rave reviews. SMH... OVER TWO HOURS OF PEOPLE YELLING AT EACH OTHER AND OVER EACH OTHER IN EVERY SCENE. IT WAS AS IRRITATING TO WATCH AS AN ALL CAPS REVIEW IS TO READ. I couldn't get past the chaos.
Intentional or not, it ruined the film.
I truly hated it.
I think Sandler is very capable of non comedic
Roles but I hated him in this. Zero character development.
Not a single line in the movie isn't shouted as loud as possible.
Every decision made is the worst possible one making the entire show...
Extremely predictable from start to finish.<br/><br/>This movie is nothing but noise. Literally. Many of the lines are even delivered over a speaker phone cranked up to 11 giving that ear piercing, cringy, blown speaker sound, so you can't even understand what is being said...<br/><br/>Turn every TV in your home up all the way on pure static for 2 hours straight & you have officially had the same experience this movie delivers. So I finally got around to watching this movie with all the hype and awards, and now I just feel irritated and like I need a Xanax. I get that it is supposed to show the dangers of gambling addiction and the desperation it can cause, so maybe the movie is supposed to leave you feeling depressed. But I'm more mad that I just spent over 2 hours watching characters I hated make one bad decision after another, only to get a terrible ending. I can watch some very difficult and unsettling movies and actually feel a meaningful sense of despair and contemplation afterward, but this one just left me feeling like I developed an ulcer during it's runtime. Props to Adam Sandler for doing well in a more serious role I guess (by doing well I mean making me hate his character). I've been sitting here trying to think of something good to say about the movie, but other than the acting, I'm really struggling. Other movies that are rough to watch and have difficult endings (e.g., Requiem for a Dream, American History X, etc.) at least leave you feeling broken in a meaningful way. This one just made me pissed. This was an absolutely terrific film. I can't compliment enough the writing, direction and acting, and it doesn't give the impression of having been put together on a huge budget. However, even though I watched it compulsively, I don't think I actually enjoyed it at all! And that itself is a testament to how good it is.<br/><br/>The story is like a giant pincer of events, constantly threatening to overtake the main character, jeweller Howard Ratner and his attempts to stay ahead of them. The movie is extremely claustrophic, and the tension ramps up and up towards the end. It's an extremely uncomfortable watch and makes you squirm in your seat.<br/><br/>The main driver of the story is the main character, Howard. His main attribute seems to be his ability to absolutely mess up, thoroughly, every single situation he's in. Even when he's doing well, he ends up pushing his luck just that bit too far and then losing - one misstep after another. He is a pretty unlikeable guy; when given the chance, he is weasely towards anyone that might be able to do him harm, yet does not shrink from treating else with utter contempt when he can. But you end up sympathising with him. The entire movie follows him as he is repeatedly insulted and slapped around by absolutely everyone, and as everything repeatedly explodes in his face. When he finally breaks down some way into the film, you actually feel bad for him. It's brilliant writing to make you feel bad for such a reprehensible individual.<br/><br/>I will acknowledge that I would, ordinarily, avoid any film with Adam Sandler in, because he's in it. I really hope he's able to do more films like this. He's brilliant.<br/><br/>The tension ramps up and does keep you guessing as it builds to the finale. You feel cynicism that it's going to go the same way as everything else that has gone before, but you may be surprised at the twists it takes. Overall, very highly recommended. Right from the start the out of place 80's synth soundtrack is enough to make you feel motion sick. The film starts with a very bizarre mash of angry shouting and no real direction. I agreed to give the film 30 minutes before I turned it off but I was actually sucked in in some sadomasochistic way and last the full 2 hours and 15 minutes.<br/><br/>To sum up, I felt ill and stressed from start to finish and Idina Menzel was wasted. Was it a gangster film? Was it a Sci Fi film? Who knows but I need to lie down. Uncut Diamonds is in the top 5 worst movies I have ever seen. The only thing more painful than watching Adam Sandler is Adam Sandler with a Jewish accent. It's like gonorrhea It's my first review in IMDb and I have to do it because this movie is a masterpiece of the genre, I can't understand the low reviews some people gave it. I've not been so engaged in a movie for such a long time(I celebrated KG winning basket like I was watching a game). Adam blew my expectations, Julia Fox owned some parts of the movie and even KG was amazing.
The stress, thriller and constant pressure is unique.<br/><br/>Pure and raw like an uncut gems.
Love it Dreadful. I need to understand how anyone can put this anywhere near their top 10 films of the year! What a messy headache of a film. 1 star Don't waste your time. Pointless movie. So depressing. I don't understand the great critic reviews, as this was the worst movie I've ever seen. This film start at 2010, Ethiopia, a wounded miner carry away by a bunch of men, and two years later at New York, a gems seller "Howard" checking his colon scene! As turnout, this film is about Howard using the money he obtain from the selling of the uncut gems from Ethiopia to Kevin Garnett, to bet the win on Kevin Garnett's team "Boston Celtics"! Entire film too long, and messy! Make the film quite bored to watch! Barely intense scene is, Phil kill Howard and Arno at the end! At the end, Howard win the bet! He release Phil from the bulletproof door! Phil shot him to death! Paramour of Howard "Julia" bring back the wining cash to celebrate with Howard! That's it! Another disappointed film! One of the most annoying movies I've seen . Frantic from start to finish. The score is irritating beyond belief. I guess you either love or hate it . I definitely HATED it. I'm honestly flabbergasted they called this a crime thriller. Adam Sandler performance was commendable however the audio director clearly needs their hearing checked. Only thing that's memorable about this film is the crippling headache that followed. Absolute nightmare from start to finish. Just loud and stressful, people constantly shouting over each other. You cannot focus on any one conversation and the then ending...
Honestly up there with the one of the worst movies I have seen! No spoilers cause there's no story just noise and adam sandler who after 20yrs in show biz learned suprisingly how to be an actor. This movie is a 2 hours waste of anyone's time. It is a repetition of yelling, insults, nonsense, bids and a stupid stone without any plot whatsoever. What a mess. Critics must be getting bored if they're pushing this rubbish. I have always avoided Adam Sandler footage (they're barely movies) but gave this one a shot on the recommendation of a friend. Unsurprisingly Sandler doesn't disappoint - in that I didn't expect anything better. The entire movie is basically just people shouting over each other with a crap soundtrack in the back. Anyone who claims this movie is good is either pretentious or is unable to reconcile that they spent more than two hours or their life on Sandler again. I don't believe they make movie like this it's soooo stupid and all the actors too , I still can't seem to understand why this movie was made. No story. Horrible direction. Just chaos. Please don't make more of these Who ever was responsible for the sound and noisy score and lots of people shouting needs to be shot.<br/><br/>The first 20 minutes is an attack on your ears.<br/><br/>Rubbish. I am in haters club. At the end of the movie I asked myself if I had another 2 hours to throw to garbage are there anything worse than this movie! This movie was waste of time its one of those movies u wait to get better but it never does if anything the ending has u like wtf that's it...i love adam Sandler so didnt expect that at all Worst than Jack and Jill how is this getting good reviews story is all over the place . Worst I've seen in a while up their with cats as worst film of the year .. avoid .. oh and Adam Sandler's voice is like nails on a chalk board ... 1/10 2 wasted hours. From the first minute a hyperbole of stress and predictable situations. Like watching an episode of Hard core Pawn at 100x speed. Only made it 10 minutes before I started reading more reviews, and wondering how it got an 8 on IMDB. Can only guess that someone has stacked the reviews massively with 10s somewhere, as virtually every review I saw was 3s and below.<br/><br/>It's unwatchable. The soundtrack is so dreadful that you can't hear anything else. People shouting at each other over appalling music. 10 minutes was too much.<br/><br/>Don't waste your time. It's unwatchable garbage. The Safdie brothers had already proven they could make films with a ton of adrenaline and chaos (hello, Good Time), but this movie reaches new heights. Sandler is absolutely brilliant, and the character they crafted for him manages to be so many things - you hate him and pity him and feel his rage and laugh at him and cheer for him to figure things out all at once. Plus, every cameo and supporting performance seems custom built for this story. You are thrown into all the craziness of a Jewish New York jeweler with a gambling habit, and you truly feel each moment. The movie builds and builds to the point where everyone is so complicated and everything is spiraling so far out of control...and then they have you right where they want you. I kept thinking, "How can they possibly land this with sufficient payoff and realism and joy and melancholy for all these people?" And then? They did. Howard Ratner (played by improv over-loader and live-in caricature Adam Sandler) is a bungling jeweler, a trying BS-er, and an addictive gambler. He gets in way over his head making risky bets in order to finally get that big score. That's the gist of the inflamed and black-eyed Uncut Gems. It's my latest review.<br/><br/>Yup, I am announcing "Gems" as one of 2019's best and most exhaustive films. After seeing it on Xmas day, I am sure I will never view anything quite like it again. Remember Mark Wahlberg's Jim Bennett from The Gambler or Matthew McConaughey's Brandon Lang from Two for the Money? Well Sandler's Howard makes these dudes look like Romper Room in comparison.<br/><br/>Directed by two thirty-year-old brothers (Josh Safdie, Benny Safdie), filmed chiefly in close-ups, featuring some weird colonoscopy imagery, and co-starring former NBA great Kevin Garnett (that's some brilliant casting there), Uncut Gems is the cinematic equivalent of pure cocaine mixed with high-grade angel dust.<br/><br/>Josh and Benny Safdie fashion "Gems" as a sloppy character study and New York minute minutia that still seems to work. The dialogue is raw and massively ad-libitum, there are enough F-words to make Tarantino blush, the camerawork is whizzing, and Sandler lets you know that he's light years away from his blundering, Bobby Boucher shtick.<br/><br/>So yeah, Sandler's Ratner is an unlikable and turgidly reckless persona. And yes, "Gems" is so mean-spirited, so 80's synth happy, and so insouciant it dares you to despise it. Still, Uncut Gems enthralls you provided you dig a little Martin Scorsese or Oliver Stone on steroids. This thing is a live by the bet, die by the bet train wreck of a movie. All aboard but if you're gonna throw up, be sure to roll down a window. Rating: 3 and a half stars. I should have known this was going to be bad film when the opening seen was doctor with a scope up someones a** (Lower G.I.) No water-then slaps Adam. Bookies that have customers under surveillance because he owes them who knows how much because they never say. Enough. I can't believe this group of actors and director made this pile of garbage. The music is the worse part of this movie. This movie is just chaos and intense. I only watched the whole thing to see if there was a point to it. I don't get anxiety but this movie gave it to me. The ending was pretty disappointing also. Don't bother. Ive not seen anything more annoying in my entire life. Cannot for the life of me understand why this was rated 8/10. Screaming and talking over each other, constant scrambling and weird music at random times in the background and weak storyline boring and stupid. Was expecting so much more due to the rating only to be utterly disappointed. Two hours of life I will never get back. If you are having a great day and want to have your mood brought down and bring on a migraine then by all means watch this garbage! Otherwise don't waste your time. Adam Sandler as compulsive gambler and all around a-hole, Howard Ratner, yells through 2 hours of this oppressive movie. If only the directors had the good sense to eject him after 30 minutes, a la Steven Seagall in Executive Decision, this might have been a tolerable film.<br/><br/>The movie only picks up when its one bright spot, Julia, played by newcomer Julia Fox, follows Howard's instructions and places a crazy bet on Kevin Garnett and the Celtics in a playoff game at a nearby New Jersey casino, because enabling your lover's addictions is the best way to help him.<br/><br/>It looks as if Julia will be sidelined by some predator gambler at the Mohegan, but she is true to her man who, at the time, is lying dead on the floor of his crappy jewelry showroom floor, killed by what is presumably an audience member who wanted Howard to STFU. (Actually it's a goon of the Ratner brother-in-law loan shark to whom Ratner is deeply in debt, unhappy at being trapped in the anteroom of the showroom for 2 hours while the Celtics win and Ratner continues to scream. This guy is so upset, he also kills his loan shark boss.)<br/><br/>A nuanced character study might have been more interesting, but that would have been hard to write. The Safdie brothers just cranked up the volume to 12 and let Sandler scream his way to the final "cut." Thanks, boys. First off, Uncut Gems is a movie in which you won't find an opinion in the middle. People are either going to love it or hate it (same goes for Good Time). Uncut Gems (as well Good Time) is a masterpiece of anxiety and utter chaos in a fast paced-real time-high stakes-panic attack-wonder wheel of excitement and pleasurable pain.<br/><br/>With Both Uncut Gems and Good Time, The Safdie Brothers write about down and out low life's who you find yourself rooting for. The directors truly show how money is a root to evil. Uncut Gems is one of Adam Sandler's top five best performances. Kevin G is fantastic and the new Julia Fox is amazing and absolutely stunning!<br/><br/>A must see! I can't wait to see what The Safdie Brothers do next. And I have to point out their Cinematographer,Darius Khondji is brillliant with 3 L's!! Just as Brilliant as Sean Price Williams was on Good Time! The Safdie Brothers should stay with Darius Khondji or Sean Price Williams. They're both amazing.<br/><br/>My only disappointment was that Benny Safdie wasn't in this film. He was terrific in Good Time! I grew up with a lot of Adam Sandler's comedies (Big Daddy being my favorite one) and I always really liked him as a actor. Unfortunately, I had never seen any of his dramas he did so this was my first experience of him being a dramatic actor. And I have to say he knocked it out of the park. His performance truly makes you care for his character, even if he isn't the greatest person in the world. You want to see him get out of this bad situation he is in. He has so much energy and is charismatic as well in the funnier moments.<br/><br/>I have seen a film from Josh and Benny Safdie before, that being Good Time, which I didn't really care for, but however they have absolutely improved in terms of directing here. They do a great job establishing a sense of urgency and intensity throughout it's runtime. I also like those shots where we go inside of the gem that bookends the film, I thought it was very fitting. The writing is very good, and had it's fair share of funny and crazy moments.<br/><br/>
My only complaints are that the film is a bit slow at the beginning, it takes a little while for the story to actually get going, but it does establish the characters in the story so it's a very minor complaint. I also didn't really care for the ending, it felt to me like it came out of nowhere only because they wanted to be different. To me, it didn't work. But other than that, Uncut Gems is a solid film with a commanding performance from Sandler and lots of intensity. It's definitely worth checking out if you like Sandler or want a good character film. After GOOD TIME (the greatest film of 2017), I instantly became a Safdie Bros fanboy. Some of my other film loving friends call me out for it on occasion. They were afraid I would go into this with a skewed perspective, or a bias if you will, but they should give me more credit. I watch things with an open mind and heart (I think? But what do I know, really?)<br/><br/>Getting through UNCUT GEMS is a lot like getting through the full cycle of an abusive relationship. That is, if you are someone with a sadistic sense of humor, as well as a subtle taste for masochism. At first it's just fun, then you start seeing the danger in it but you're still able to laugh about it, then it stops being fun and you just really, really, really need it to die.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler kills it as Howie. I'm telling you, this character is legendary, and that's because he one of the biggest idiots of all time, living an abominable lifestyle. It's as if the ONLY thing he knows how to do is dig himself into a deeper hole. Where the realism in all of this hits the hardest is that on occasion you start to wonder, "maybe Howie does know what he's doing after all. Does he?". It's an epic gamble - but what's at risk as a viewer, is your sanity, or in my case, my wellness. By the last half hour of 2 hours and 15 minutes spent caught in the whirlwind of Howie's life, I was physically ill. I was full-on nauseous, sick to my stomach. Now, I watch A LOT of movies, and I love tense, anxiety-drenched films more than almost any other type, but this is the ONLY movie that has ever managed to make me physically nauseous. I guess I should be impressed by that.<br/><br/>The rest of the cast was great. Julia Fox was fantastically believable as an opportunistic flooze. Lakeith Stanfield played a rather despicable character which was an impressive shift from his usual chilled out, highly likeable characters. Kevin Garnett was perfect for his part. Idina Menzel was amazing as Sandler's...wife, I think? It was awesome to see Eric Bogosian's big freaky eyes again. All the gnarly henchman and pawn shop dudes were ace. The notoriously in-your-face Safdie style of cinematography, pacing, and editing is there, and it's as effective as ever.<br/><br/>Everything is extremely well executed. The only reason I can't give it a higher rating personally is because it's SUCH A UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE. And I realize that's the point. It's an effective piece. But, it's just so painful to watch. It's wild that Good Time was around 90 minutes long and it felt like it had a lot more breathing room and a bit more dynamics. This 135 minutes is a straight stranglehold of intended redundancy for many of you, it WILL BEAT YOUR BRAIN DOWN, just as it did with myself and each of the two gals I attended with.<br/><br/>I guess you'll all have to see it to understand, huh? One thing's for sure - the Safdie's still know what they are doing. There's nothing quite like this. Wouldn't recommend.garbage.atrocious. boring,lame. DON'T watch. Save your life Usually if a movie is even AVERAGE I will shoot a text
to my brother and say "check this out". That won't happen here! I had to fast forward through this movie. I got tired of the yelling and anxiety inducing music. Its a cross between a gamblers anonymous meeting and the movie "Get out". I don't know why there is a push to make movies with yelling and sound scores meant to induce anxiety. I seriously don't know how people can enjoy this movie? I see the positive reviews and am wondering if they even watched it? Or maybe they just like being tormented? Or maybe they are from lives like the one portrayed here, where everyone yells, lies and listens to blaring annoying sounds all the time. Save yourself time and just fast forward to the end. I've seen all kinds of movies in all sorts of genres and never have I ever had a literal headache with a chaotic movie like this. No, it's not fast-paced. Yes, the characters are incredibly annoying. God, if you'd rather get a headache, beat yourself up with a hammer. I'll take that to this anyday of the week. Overrrrraaaaaatttttreeeeeeeeeedd
Horribly mistaken reviewers.<br/><br/>Its rating should be 2 maxx I tolerated 57 minutes before quitting. The movie is a constant stream of yelling, noise, and people talking over the top of each other.
It's rare that I end up hating a movie...but this is one of them. I saw this movie with my girl, neither of us was pleased. First of all, from the first minutes of the movie, the actors are yelling, there are a lot conversations at the same time and its difficult to understand what' s going on. In the whole movie, i couldn't identify with the main hero, he was indifferent. All you see is a greedy guy, who doesn't care about anything and he just tell lies loudly, very loudly. Also there are some plot holes and many scenes don't offer anything in this movie. Even the main cast is completely indifferent. I end up with headache and an anxious feeling while watching this film. Don's watch it, save your time. Great movie worst ending ever needs a alternate one it was so terrible I never write reviews because i am very NOT difficult with movies and i seldom dont like one. Here i felt compelled to do so because not only i did not like this movie but the ratings tricked me.into expecting something better.
I like  movies with low ratings but this one defies mt understanding. I feel raped by adam sandlers
All i saw was people screaming and talking on top of each others and a story that lead nowhere. I did not even feel touched by any characters and did not understand most of why and what the characters are doing.<br/><br/>This just looked a complete mess even to an ignorant like me.who likes every cheap movies there is. The first and last time that Adam Sandler tried to be taken seriously. Poor mega-rich guy Most stupid collection of badly written dialogue and artificially tensionate moments, where all the characters are talking on top of each other as if there is an epidemic of logorrhea throughout the film. Adam Sandler is more annoying than a toddler who keeps asking the same questions over and over again. The pain of watching the movie can't be fixed by the ending. With a rating of 7.9 on here, I expected this to be really good. I'm sorry but after an hour, I couldn't handle the shouting anymore and turned it off.<br/><br/>This script is a mess from the start to the middle, of you watched it all, let me know how the other half was.<br/><br/>I'm a huge Adam Sandler fan and I was excited to see him in a role like this. But all he does is yell! Uncut gems is a fast paced character study about a Jewelry store owner with a gambling problem and decides to make some very bad choices that ends up getting him into more trouble then you could ever imagine.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is exhilarating and perfect playing the role of Howard. Like I couldn't believe how courageous his acting was in this film.<br/><br/>The Safdie brothers made the pacing of this film very entertaining so I guarantee when you watch it you won't be bored at all:<br/><br/>I loved this movie and I loved Adam Sandler in it.
Also the ending has to be the best movie ending I've seen all year. Heard great things and was excited to watch...<br/><br/>From the beginning it was annoyingly loud with the intro music blaring, yet the screaming seemed to drown the music out. The movie progressed with no real back story or any character build whatsoever. The only emotion I had was I disliked every character in the movie.<br/><br/>The wasn't a storyline and the main characters came and went with no rhyme or reason why. The movie was set about 10 years ago I'm guessing based on the nba games and athletes shown. Kevin Garnett clearly is not an actor, yet had a supporting role.<br/><br/>Bottom line, the movie was all over the place with no real direction. The only reason I left somewhat satisfied was the ending.<br/><br/>Anyone who rated this movie above a 5 or 6 needs their head examined. If you don't believe me, what it for yourself.... then come back, read my review and remember, I TOLD YOU SO. Dreadful. The directors seemed to confuse shouting and volume with acting. The background noise, boring music, and frenetic photography often made it hard to understand what was going on. The characters were mostly cardboard and impossible to sympathize with. 4 stars because I am in a good mood. Kevin Garnett was good, but I thought he must have needed the money. Uncut Gems is non-stop anxiety. The dialog (filled with yelling and talking over each other), the fast cuts, the score and the story itself are all designed to overwhelm the audience with sense of dread. It's like standing on the edge of a high dive platform over an empty pool in a windstorm.<br/><br/>If you like that sort of thing you'll love this movie. If you don't, you'll walk out of the movie with 45 minutes remaining like I did. By that point I had nothing invested in the pathetic character of Howard Ratner, and didn't care if he lived or died. I just wanted to escape the insanity. As a hard of hearing person, using a captioning device this thing was a nightmare. It was very hard to follow the film, and because of that I felt there was very little character development. Glad I only spent $5 on this. I wish I could get my 2+hours back. Avoid. Act 1 - 8.2<br/><br/>Act 2 - 7.7<br/><br/>Act 3 - 8.7<br/><br/>Awesome scenes with brother in law and his goons attacking Howard<br/><br/>Betting scene at the end with Howard locking them in is so visceral and exciting followed by a swift and brutal end to this crazy ride<br/><br/>Score is fantastic and rises the constant tension that we see on screen paired with the shaky up close shots that make you feel uncomfortable<br/><br/>Adam Sandler as Howard is great as he disappears into the role and becomes this degenerate gambler who we go on a roller coaster ride with<br/><br/>Julia Fox is also very good as Julia, Howard's side chick<br/><br/>Howard is a jeweler who owes a lot of people a lot of money but keeps making bets and going deeper and deeper into debt<br/><br/>Directed and written so well and the film feels so real and electric<br/><br/>The score is so incredible and one of the best of the year, so much tension<br/><br/>Film is fast paced and clenching throughout<br/><br/>Watch a man just get beat down by life over and over again but he is the one making bad decisions<br/><br/>Would recommend to anyone who can take the tension, one of the best films of the year<br/><br/>. In the wake of Good Time (2017), which I really enjoyed, it is still one of the best movies I've seen in the last decade. Very rich character interactions and motivations, great direction, sleazy atmosphere. Robert really shines throughout. Relentlessly thrilling and a chaotic journey- not too far behind that movie is Uncut Gems, which I was dazzled by. This is Sandler's first theatrical role since Pixels in 2015. All of the others went straight to Netflix, and does he really break the mold here!<br/><br/>The pockets of subtle humor were well placed. While being totally relentless, the movie leaves you with no escape. The way it is edited and shot makes you uncomfortable. It's every bit of a frantic journey, I would even say a type of character study of a battered man hell bent on betting and doubling up on his money. A very grounded piece. I feel it has a little bit more going on than Good Time; there is more substance here. Howard gets himself in many dilemmas and stays in way over his head, but this is the outcome when you over stay your welcome and gambling overrides your mind and takes you over. You start messing with the wrong people, street thugs more like, and develop a relationship where you are loaned lots of money. The crew he was in debt with were like mobsters hard set on money and collecting no matter what. They were just a window into hell of the underground crime world.<br/><br/>Even the door being jammed in important situations for the main character was very clever and just amped up the atmosphere in a couple of particular scenes. All around how Howard interacted with some existing characters gave this world the directors created a very rich, alive feel. His previous schemes and deals with these people that pop in and out of scenes was a nice touch and even facilitated in the humor department as well.<br/><br/>I did have fun with the pockets of humor in this movie, even though it's very subtle and dry, which I prefer. This was Sandler's finest hour in my opinion! A very solid, supportable cast all around. I've noticed the directors take a sort of "Street Casting" method that works with their grimy approach. I also thought they described Howard very well in an interview, saying he is a "Romantic Gambler". Also, the opening scene kind of paralleled the original Exorcist- how that movie opens up in Iraq circling the origin of the conflict that drives the whole movie, in this movie it's Africa. But it's the same kind of isolated exposition here from the get go. 8/10 I was very excited to watch this movie because there was such a high rating. I can't imagine that the people with high ratings have watched the whole movie (maybe they watched another movie?). Normally, I don't shut the movie down so early but this movie was just horrible to watch. The first 10 minutes consists of random people shouting over a too loud music. The music itself doesn't fit to the plot in the first 10 minutes and it's painful ti hear.
This is my first ever review btw. I don't even know where to start.<br/><br/>There's no protagonist. There's no antagonist. It's just full of a bunch of a-holes that you could ultimately care less about. His kids are in a couple of short scenes, and they're really the only characters who's fates I would want to go on positively, and that's simply because they're kids.<br/><br/>You can tell that Adam Sandler's character is a scumbag from the start, which is okay if there is some depth to the character whatsoever. Being a gambling addict isn't good enough to justify his shallow characteristics. He's cheating on his wife, but goes bat-s**t-crazy on his girlfriend for "cheating" when he finds out she is doing drugs in a bathroom with some dude.<br/><br/>His character and the storyline lost me altogether when he lets Kevin Garnett (mediocre performance would be an exaggeration) borrow a gemstone that is supposedly worth a million dollars. It was clear then that we'd have to sit through at least an hour of him shouting at and arguing with people to get it back.<br/><br/>I lost a lot of brain cells sitting through this nonsense... This movie is so damn good but so so stressful! We saw it in the (packed) theater and everyone was biting their nails on the edge of their seats, groaning at every wrong choice Howard made. I highly recommend watching it. You won't regret it. You'll just need to do some deep breathing exercises afterwards to lower your blood pressure. I can't evaluate the movie as a whole, or give an opinion of Adam Sandler's performance since I couldn't get past the first 10 minutes because of the loud and inappropriate foreground music which drowned out all dialog and made it unwatchable. Just in case it was only in the opening scenes I skipped ahead a couple of times, but the irritating music was relentless. My only hope that this was a Netflix decision and not the director's and that it can be adjusted in the future. What a waste. I don't know why so many of the reviews here thank Adam Sandler. Yes, he did a great job but this is a Safdie brothers movie. They've revived Robert Pattinson and now made this gem with another actors that hasn't been taking serious in years. Say hello to the new Coen brothers with all the new quirks. This has now made it to my worst movie of all time.
This was a waste of my very few precious moments on this earth. But, alas, the production team took it in a different direction. It turns out that diamonds are the stones in nature, which are essentially useless, but they can kill people invisible. The acting by Sandler was good but the film as a whole was terrible. I only finished the movie because I was waiting for some major plot twist since it is labeled a thriller. I was dissatisfied especially after hearing others rant and rave. It is definitely not 7 material I was looking forward to seeing this, and seeing Adam Sandler in a rare dramatic role. The dialogue seems improvised and barely directed. I WANTED to like it. But I just didn't. The story was muddled ... indiscernible. I felt zero connection with the characters as they're mostly unlikable and incoherent. Other people might like this style of filmmaking. Nonsensical dialogue with a lot of unnecessary profanity and annoying soundtrack that did not add to the viewing experience. I did manage to get through the movie and was overjoyed when it finally finished, although the ending sucked. On a positive note, Sandler was convincing in the role, certainly a departure from SNL and past comedy roles. You either love this movie or you hate it, there is no in between. I did not love the movie, so here goes my spoiler free rant.<br/><br/>To be fair, I understand the message which is being shared by the movie, and it is a very powerful message. Gambling is addictive, and it is not only addictive because of the money or the gain alone, but is also addictive for the rush and the thrill of betting and the excitement of risking eventing in the hope of gaining more. Adam Sandler has done a perfect job in portraying that and bring it to life, his character Howard Ranter was a completely annoying, hyperactive, garrulous gambling addict that makes you want to punch his throat every time he opens his mouth. If an actor is able to make me feel hate and anger for the character he is playing, he gets my respect.<br/><br/>The movie failed for me mainly on the storytelling aspect. The events, scenes and dialogue were all extremely random with no proper introduction to the characters, and it had zero character development. The pacing of the movie had me worn out, and I could not mentally keep up with it. Everyone is talking fast, and everything is happening fast, as if it was intended to be a 3 hour movie that was cramped into 2 hours. The movie had me on my nerves throughout the story, and it did not give me time to emotionally rest or digest what is happening.<br/><br/>To make things worse, the soundtrack chosen for the movie was just a collection of random noises that had nothing to do with anything in the movie. I cannot stress this much, the soundtrack is what brings emotions to the scenes, and it is what makes the audience connect to the movie.<br/><br/>I cannot recommend this movie to a regular person who is looking for entertainment only, but I would recommend it to someone who loves reviewing and analyzing movies. The movie will definitely add to the experience of the reviewer, and introduce new ideas and perspectives. This movie is pure grit. Sandler gives an amazing performance against a script that could've been written by Bukowski. Movies don't get more painfully real than this. I struggled to finish it. The constant yelling and talking on top of each other gave me anxiety. The story was promising but it could have been delivered diffently. From the reviews I've read, you eitheer love it or hate it. I definitely didn't love it. What's with the constant shouting? They were all shouting and yelling and shouting with each other. I was badly rooting for Adam Sandler to lose in his bet because he deserved it. The hate for this movie is astounding, I 100% believe this is a top 5 movie of the year! Sandler was absolutely brilliant and the plot was incredible! I have no idea how this movie can get a negative review from so many people. I guess gambling and a promiscuous life turns the holy rollers off. This movie is mayhem. This movie is complete and utter chaos. Like nothing you have ever seen. I promise it's absolutely nothing you've seen. It's PURELY INTENSE. ITS PURELY REAL. The acting is superb. The story is so so stressful. It is one of the modern day masterpieces. Absolutely breathtaking. Are you used to Adam as comic relief and want to see a another side of him , well the Safdie brothers did so and this film I just love.
The twist the plot the ...... this is one to watch and will be up there with the great's! What a disgusting film it literally consists of SANDLER ranting and raving a long with the rest of the cast all shouting over each other and it doesn't end. The unlimited gratuitous use of the dreaded racist slang 3 to 4 time's in a sentence. And all the way through. It further infuriates by SANDLER making stupid decisions throughout the film that no human being would. Cheating on his wife constantly gambling when he's about to be killed for the debts he owes. At one point he gives a million dollar gemstone to a basketball player to keep for the night and then we spent 20mins watching him all over new York trying to get it back. I never knew that a film could incense me. And that I'd wish an actor to loose his voice permanently. What a pile of absolute crap This movie is literally a mess. There was nothing smart about it, the only positive thing was Adam Sandler's acting. He was decent. But that was eclipsed by the horrible and pointless script. The ending was, as the whole movie, just meaningless. Don't waste your time folks! Everyone in this "movie" is despicable and lacks class.
I even have a hard time calling this a movie since all this is is constant yelling mixed with loud music. Beginning music theme is torture. The next 18 minutes is all I could bear hearing, because all characters are talking/yelling at the same time, until I could not stand it anymore, so I turned it off.<br/><br/>Not really sure if this is meant to make Adam Sandler look good, maybe because he is afraid of the role?<br/><br/>Well, it sure have back-fired. An addicted gambler looses and looses some more and looses some more etc etc etc. What's the point of this story? There is simply no climax. Just more of the same.<br/><br/>What's worse the acting performance by Adam Sandler doesnt look credible, to me personally. If you like Adam Sandler's performance though you might still enjoy this movie about a gambling looser.<br/><br/>It's a drama, NOT a comedy. There is drama, but in a repetitive kind of way. Adam Sandler looses money gambling and he gets beat up by the mob. He looses again and he gets beat up again. Etc etc etc... repeat, repeat and repeat... This film was clearly created to cause people to feel stressed, nervous and create a chaotic atmosphere throughout. If that was the aim then well done you did the job. I just found it quite infuriating, I kept thinking there might be more to the girl on the side story, was she just trying to screw him over? Could have been a nice twist at the end when she left with all the money. The colonoscopy at the start? What was the point in this? Didn't add a single thing to the storyline. The family dinner also didn't really add anything. He kept walking around with cash and the opal, kept expecting him to get mugged with him being so flashy with it. Just felt frantic and I really didn't feel invested in Sandler as a character to be that bothered about the ending. Wasn't invested in any of the characters in all fairness. Real shame as could have maybe been half decent if the storyline had gone deeper and had a bit more substance as opposed to just shouting throughout to cause tension. Sometimes you don't got to review a movie to much. I really loved it. My sister didn't like it as much but she thought it was good. I think its a masterpiece. Not that many good movies out there, I say its a must watch it if your willing to read a review about it. Lol. This is the level of a "really good and artistic, different from the comedies" Adam Sandler movie?<br/><br/>The story is fine, with elaborated and tied plot threads, but there is nothing about it besides that. The characters are disgusting or boring or awful or annoying. Often, all of that combined.<br/><br/>Boring score, visually unappealing, "realistic" but also too basic dialogue, and little point to the story. I didn't enjoy it at all. If this is "good Sandler", then there is no reason for Sandler to be an actor anymore. The press was hyping this crap. Why? It is beyond my understanding how people like this. It was constant yelling. Constant chaos. Main character was so obnoxious. Everybody is yelling at everybody regardless of what's going on. The premise of the movie is stupid and far-fetched. One of the most annoying films I've ever seen. Made it about 45 minutes before I wanted to punch everybody in the face involved in making this garbage. Absolute mess, sandler just shouting when he speaks as normal. No idea what was going on half the time. Hard to watch Uncut Gems is directed by the Safdie Brothers and stars Adam Sandler, Idina Menzel, Lakeith Stanfield and Kevin Garnett among others and it revolves around this sleazy jeweler always looking for the next big deal while being chased by his past unsuccessful ones.<br/><br/>I really didn't like this movie, at all. The sound was terrible everyone yelling to the point where it is recognizable who and what is someone saying. The story is predictable and quite honestly dumb. The only reason why this movie gets a 3 instead of a 2 or 1 is that it did put me at the edge of my seat at times, not because it was unpredictable what was going to happen but because it was that unnerving. I didn't enjoy watching this film. I thought perhaps it was just me.<br/><br/>The next day I realised that it wasn't.<br/><br/>This was sold to me as a rare, if not the only good Sandler movie. With Scorsese in the titles I was optimistic, however this film stands as proof that not everything he touches turns to gold.<br/><br/>Sandler was an offensive stereotype in a film loaded with offensive stereotypes. In this respect Uncut Gems is very much like the rest of his films, this is reinforced by the fact that the film is not in any way funny. At least this one wasn't trying to be.<br/><br/>Overall I would describe the film as a panic attack, a hideous directionless panic attack. If you are in the mood to hear a bunch of people just yelling at each other all the time, go for it. I've watched it in fast forward mode to see if it got any better but no. Just more people yelling all the time. Awful! Spoiler allert...<br/><br/>I am an Adam Sandler fan..<br/><br/>There must be something I do not understand, but this was a long, long movie for a 10 minutes script.
Acting was neither great nor convincing, and the whole thing felt unfinished.
Coatic scenes and filming.
I regret putting it on, even more giving it the benefit of the doubt, and watching it through.
Sadly it has gotten a high score on IMDB..
I normally don't take writing a critique in here, but this was such a let down that I felt that it was the decent thing to do. Too much fuss about a boring movie. 2 hours of pure waste of time. I have never liked Sandler in comedies, now I know he's a mediocre actor If you like to hear the F-word every 5 seconds, if you like quareling and shouting all the time, this is your move. For all the others, stay out. The rate threw me off, this movie is trash & Adam only good in comdey. Just saying!!! From acclaimed filmmakers Josh and Benny Safdie comes the electrifying crime thriller Uncut Gems. This film centers a jewelry store owner in Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) as he gets his hands on a precious gemstone from Ethiopia, he decides to lend it to an NBA star in good faith. What sadly becomes apparent is the fact that he has many issues under the surface. Being a really shady figure and having a serious gambling addiction ends up giving this movie an insane amount of tension. This is a roller coaster ride of claustrophobia and I couldn't get enough of it.
It has been a fascinating ride watching the numerous ups and downs of Adam Sandler's career. From classic comedies like Happy Gilmore to great dramatic performances like Reign Over Me, he has proven time and time again that he is a very talented guy. The problem is that he has let himself fall out of the spotlight over the last ten years, simply due to the fact that he has been choosing some of the worst films of each year, on multiple occasions. I can say without a shadow of doubt, that this has been Sandler's best performance yet. While Eric Bogosian, Lakeith Stanfield, Kevin Garnett and many others here give an extremely solid performance, it's Sandler's show, and it's soulful and tense and harrowing and ultimately (as terrible as Howard can be) tragic. The filmmakers's greatest achievement from the looks of this and Good Time is finding star-actors who aren't known for their wide range and getting career-triumph work from them. If the movie isn't all that complex, I do think Howard is and that helps make this pretty special as a depiction of addiction, more than anything else.
By the time the third act begins, you'll probably wonder why you have been so invested in Sandler's portrayal of Howard because he's really not the best person. With that said, it's the fact that he is a terrible person deep down and is so greedy that is what made it so engaging and unnerving at times.
Right when you think Howard can't possibly dig himself into a deeper hole and that the movie can't get any more stressful, he goes and makes it even worse for himself.
It is impossible to sit through this movie without biting your nails down to the nub. While this movie is out in theaters right now, I'm pretty sure it's coming to Netflix very soon, and I highly recommend watching this movie the next chance you get. I am rating Uncut Gems at an 8.2/10. Was happy to see Adam sandler play a different role. But this wasn't the movie nor role for him. It was very much a mess. Well, after watching it, I can believe all the bad reviews. I think you should too! Adam Sandler playing a jewish jewellery dealer with a problem with gambiling and money debts is a rollercoaster of a film right from the get go some slow parts during the film but if you can get through that its worth the 2 hour watch one of Adams best performances to date Adam Sandler was a beast; carried the whole movie. Owned the character; forgot it was Sandler underneath.
Special mention for Julia Fox. This is her first picture I watched; seems she has a bright future ahead I love Adam Sandler, and had high hopes for a substantial movie, that would bring out the best of his acting ability. However, this is not it. I agree with the other reviews that describe the abrasive yelling and pacing, with next to no story or character development. It seems that 'feel good' movies are not respected by critics, and it's almost becoming predictable that if a movie has a high score on IMDB, it must be a 'feel bad' movie :(
I get it that people don't want to constantly be fed with unrealistic "Hollywood endings", but does that mean movie makers are now trying to make movies as annoying and depressing as possible? It makes me suspect they are chasing good reviews rather than telling a story that has is truly inspired. I think with intelligence and creativity this either/or approach can be avoided. That's the kind of movie I hope to see Adam in more going forward. I made 3 attempts to watch this movie, ended up fastforwarding to the end.
The loud music/noise throughout the film was just strange and annoying. Do not recommend. Survived only 15 minutes... Time of my life i will never get back... dont get me wrong I really like Adam but even he cant save a flick without a decent script. I love this movie and it is probably my favourite Adam Sandler movie. Any movie that can make you laugh and cry in a span of one or two hours is pretty impressive. I'm just glad I didn't see this at the theater or I would have had to pretend to have allergies. I remember in the early 2000's movie producers started making films that didn't have happy endings because they didn't want the movies to be too obvious. Personally, I like movies that make you feel good at the end, obvious or not. This movie is stressful to watch. Too much commotion going on the entire time. This is the only Adam Sandler film I have not liked. It was so terrible I had to turn it off after 30 mins! Big KG fan so I wanted to like this, but the whole movie just kinda felt like an anxiety attack. It was stressful the whole way through and that was about the only emotion I felt. Not funny, sad, whatever, just uncomfortable. Typical Netflix rubbish, why I bother with the subscription I just don't know.
This is absolutely tragic.
The dialogue goes at 100 miles per hour and Sandler's incessant, non stop talking of nonsense is totally unbearable.
Nothing happens until the end.
Can't believe this got any good ratings at all. So much yelling and shouting made me feel like i couldnt get to grips, no back story either which made it hard Adam Sandler done lost it. Yet again, another pointless movie with a weak, predictable plot, and goes all over the place the entire movie. Kept trying to figure out what the point of all of it was. Very bad. What can you say when every scene is a masterpiece?
What can you say when every actor is fantastic?
If ever a movie deserved to be called "Breathless" this is the one, sorry Godard.
What can you say when the f word is said throughout the film expressing feelings and thoughts that a poet could not do better?
What can you say when Ratner (Adam Sandler) is dressed in such bad
taste that who knows, it may become fashionable?
If ever a film is worth seeing, it's this one, it deserved many Oscars, will get
none, but it is the Oscars that lose by becoming less credible.
Congratulations Adam Sandler, congratulations Benny and Josh Safdie. The main character is stressed out 100% of the time and this movie is all about stressing you out, chaotic and jumpy, overall it works, it will not be popular for those who favour 'formula' movies, this one is an original. Every day we push our boundaries. We test the waters. We want to stretch our luck an extra inch, hoping that it would give better outcomes. When met with resistance, we recoil only to return to repeat the whole imbroglio all over again. We plead for clemency when our sneaky plan is discovered, knowing very well that it is not for real. Back in our minds, we are aware that it is certainly not the last, even though we say so. We tend to take things for granted.<br/><br/>The only problem is that we realise that the threshold is breached when it is a wee bit too late. By that time, the damage is irreparable, and the point of no return has been reached.<br/><br/>The first Monday of the new year is dubbed as the 'Divorce Monday'. After months and even years of sweeping the brewing trouble under the proverbial carpet, the events surrounding Christmas and New Year must have had burst the bubble. It is said to be the busiest day for family lawyers when they get the most enquiries regarding divorces.<br/><br/>I discovered 'Uncut Gem' to be a difficult film to watch. I found myself very unsettled. All through the show, all I saw was the protagonist, Adam Sandler, a diamond merchant, Jewish of course, just going around shouting, cursing profanities, blabbing incessantly on his mobile, lying through his teeth and yakking. He is a poor role model for a husband and a father as his tryst with his vivacious mistress is an open secret. He tries to wrangle himself through all his deals because of the money he hopes to make for himself and his family. He rolls dough, cut deals, fixes auctions, bends the truth, dodges the mob and more just to find out that he is not the beneficiary at the end. All for what? For whom to savour the fruit or gloat in the nectar? Always been a fan of their work. Some people don't click with the style. I do and I think that this film is by far their strongest to date. Helped along by a totally unhinged performance from Sandler. Yes, it made me feel anxious and stressed, that isn't a good thing. I'm susceptible to panic attacks and have terrible anxiety, so this film didn't really help that. I get that this was the intention, but if your intention is to make it impossible for people to relax and watch your movie, then you're deranged. Who wants to have their senses tortured when watching a movie? Horror films produce thrills that can make for a fun watch, but having a film try to be as obnoxious and loud as possible to make you feel anxious is NOT fun. There are boundaries on what constitutes for a good idea when it comes to playing on human feelings, this is one that should always be kept off limits. Other than that I think Adam Sandler did a good job but I could barely focus on him. Best avoided, you will enjoy Guy Ritchie's latest film The Gentlemen a whole lot more than this American rubbish. For me, a good movie has to be enjoyable. Be it drama, action, comedy or whatever, this movie though is just a stress inducing mess. Constant shouting from multiple characters at the same time, with shaky camera work that almost gave me motion sickness just doesn't do it for me. The plot itself was nothing special and i guess Sandlers acting was ok, but never Oscar-worthy. The TV ad said "one of the best movies this year". Well that's a joke. Even that it is rated 8.0 here on IMDB does not add up and makes me question the validity of how votes. The soundtrack was horrible. The acting was left to amateurs, even our star should have stuck to what he does not best, but normally - comedy. The plot was somewhat difficult to follow at times as it went all over. The only redemption where I could muster an extra start to my rating of 1-star, was the ending. It was a pleasant surprise. Even more pleasant, was the the movie was finally over. This film was a roller coaster. For the first 40 minutes I was intrigued and invested, but by the 1 hour mark I was starting to get a bit bored. The next 40 minutes actively stressed me out. Characters talking over one another in hurried tone with music to compliment. It certainly had to be the director's vision for it to be this way but it did not lend itself well to the viewing experience. I was sure I was giving this film a 4/10 until my jaw literally dropped at the ending. Throwing in a spoiler tag just because if you expect this film to have a jaw dropping ending then there is nothing left that is worth watching. Like a torturous horror movie, just all in screaming instead of chainsaws. Not a single likable or deep character, not even the kids. Acting by wife was horrible. Worst movie that I can remember, and I see 30 movies in theaters a year. Bring earplugs, the ticket taker said people kept complaining to turn down the volume. One person in a random group of 12 adults discussing movie afterwards liked it. For the first time ever I have to question the integrity of this rating system. Did someone hijack the scoring on this film? An hour and 15 in we had to leave the movie. Just unbelievably bad. We normally like Sandler but the pace and redundancy of the story seemed totally pointless. Disappointed in the film. Just don't get it. Absolutely insane-which is perfect, as it follows the insane life of Howard, played PERFECTLY by Adam Sandler. In fact, all the actors and actresses did phenomenal jobs. Plus the soundtrack is perfect. And the movie is stunningly and chaotically gorgeous. With this being one of the most anticipated movies, I have to say I was a little disappointed. The movie is real slow and it's weird seeing Adam Sandler doing something other than comedy. The acting was great but the story line could have been better. Would rather have waited for this to come out on DVD or Netflix. This is a comedy thriller in which almost every annoying film trope on the list - from the Lovable Sociopath character to the trash-talking dodgy minorities to the shrill woman who's actually got a point to the constant shaky close-ups - is used to maximum effect. They even wheel out the family, holiday and sports movie cliches for a skewing at one point. But as natural progressions in the story, these scenes are as satisfying as any in the best of those movies.<br/><br/>Sandler's Howie is a selfish man with a serious problem that effects everyone in his manic orbit, most of whom are locked into it by personal or financial relationships. For me, it worked all the way through, with the exception of one character that really just needs to be there for the story to progress. There's a great darkly funny exchange, after it's established that his personal life is an escalating disaster, where a pawn broker shows genuine concern for Howie's health. It should be a touching moment, but just underneath is the fact that this is one of the few people that will always benefit from Howie's high-risk scams.<br/><br/>All the performances are believable. There are cameos that I didn't know about, but I didn't know the people anyway, so I can at least say I enjoyed them for what they were in the story. Keith William Richards stands out as another trope-tackling element and both the leading ladies - Fox and Menzel - do well with thankless and/or confusing roles.<br/><br/>I like this type of low-action thriller. I think this is a very good addition that I'll definitely watch again. Uncut Gems is a crime thriller film directed and co-written by the Safdie Brothers (Good Time). Starring Adam Sandler in the lead role, it is an energetic, fast paced experience that makes good use of its main star.<br/><br/>In New York City, Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) runs a jewellery store while constantly feeding his gambling addiction with even larger bets, resulting in him owing large sums of money to several people. After waiting almost two years, Howard receives a rare opal from an Ethiopian mining company, which he intends to have auctioned off for what he values at over a millions dollars. Eventually things become complicated as Howard ends up reluctantly lending the opal to a famous basketball player for good luck, all while dealing with loan sharks he cannot get rid of so easily.<br/><br/>With its rapid-fire style of editing and solid performance from its lead actor, Uncut Gems breezes through its story of addiction and greed with often fun results. There was a great deal of suspense in almost every scene as Howard dodges loan sharks, gang members, and even his own extended family, just to satisfy his selfish gambling urges. A reminder that all of this is happening over a shiny rock imported from Ethiopia, a country where people are starving to death each day.<br/><br/>This film features one of Adam Sandler's best non-comedic roles of his entire career. He delivers his dialogue with such fiery, serious intensity that I often forgot that this is the same actor who played the titular manchild in "Billy Madison". As previously seen in the 2002 film "Punch-Drunk Love", Sandler has proven he does indeed possess the dramatic chops needed to carry a film of this type. It's a shame we don't get to see him in films like this all too often, as he prefers to act in unfunny Netflix exclusives instead. Hopefully after this, he will reconsider his future prospects.<br/><br/>Even if you aren't a fan of Adam Sandler, this film is still worth a watch for his performance alone. At this point in Sandler's career, the legacy he has left behind will put people off his work no matter what, but anybody still willing to give him a chance may be pleasantly surprised.<br/><br/>I rate it 8/10 First off Adam's acting is flawlessly done in this portrayal of a man in trouble in more ways than one. The film is captivating and very stressful and really lacks accomplishing anything but that. I consider a 6 rating better than garbage but by no means good. I was about to give it a seven, but i truly believe many viewers will not like this film. SYNOPSIS:
Howard (Adam Sandler) is a New York City jeweler who despite his debts with some dangerous people, continues to press his luck by gambling money he earns on outlandish sports bets on Kevin Garnett and the Boston Celtics.<br/><br/>REVIEW SUMMARY:
As I'm sure you've all heard by now, Adam Sandler is great. This was probably my most anticipated film since "IT: Chapter 2" this year. I loved "Good Time" by the Safdie Brothers and that was partially why I was so excited for this film. So, although I did enjoy the film, I was slightly disappointed. Maybe, I heard a little too much about the movie before going in, hearing mostly things like "this movie keeps you on the edge of your seat" and "you keep seeing the terrible decisions he makes." I believe these aren't great depictions of the film and I think if you hear this a lot you'll expect much more than what the film actually gives. It's a solid movie that keeps you interested and has a final sequence that does in fact keep you on the edge of your seat. Nothing spectacular and I'm not sure I'd even nominate this for a Best Picture. However, I definitely recommend seeing this movie. 7.8/10.<br/><br/>---------------------------------------BREAKDOWN-------------------------------------<br/><br/>DIRECTION:
I do really love the direction. You can tell the Safdie Brothers clearly have a style they stick too and you can definitely tell they have a couple inspirations. They don't hide that either as they've even said in interviews how big of fans they are of film and they've mentioned inspirations. A criticism I do have of the film is the pacing. Possibly, it's because of the fact that the first movie I've seen from them was "Good Time" and that Good Time is non-stop fast pace from beginning to end. I'm not too sure how much of an influence that has on my opinion, because I know this film could've succeeded being the same way, but it definitely takes a solid step back in the pace. It doesn't NEED to be very fast pace, but like I said, I really think it could've been beneficial doing so. The way it shot, however, was very impressive and is a beautiful viewing experience as far as technical and stylish direction.<br/><br/>WRITING:
I like some of the choices the Safdie Brothers made with the writing, but the writing wasn't anything special. We've seen movies similar to this and I think there's been other films that have executed the writing better. There's a direction they take that gives the writing a reason to make certain scenarios less intense for me, but I can think of ways that creates more tension. There were a couple side stories with Howard with the mother of his children and his girlfriend, but I don't really see too much of a importance to their characters. Even more so his ex-wife or whatever Elsa from Frozen is supposed to be to him. There is an extraordinary sequence at the end of the film that really makes this movie for me. The type of writing that reminded me of Good Time and they got that perfect. Overall, it was enjoyable enough with a certain style selection that I liked, not loved.<br/><br/>ACTING:
When you hear "Acting" and "Uncut Gems" you think Adam Sandler for sure and it's for good reason. I want to stay he steals the show, but it's his show. It's all him. Kevin Garnett was impressive, LaKeith Stanfield is simply A-List nowadays and there are multiple great performance from, Julia Fox, Eric Bogosian, Idina Menzel, Keith Williams Richards and everyone else really, but at the end of the day this is Adam Sandler's movie. Just as much as "50 First Dates" or any of his guilty pleasure films. Whether or not I think he should be nominated for Best Actor, I can't say. I would need to go over all of the performances and as of today, I have yet to see 1917, I still need to see Waves and Timothee Chalamet always has a shot in my eyes. He's almost automatic at this point for me. Honestly this is one of the worst movies I've seen. I had really high hopes for this one but it turned out to be anything other than entertaining. It was waaay to loud and stressful and at the end of the movie I had a headache. Not worth it. It is rare if not unprecedented for me to abandon a film so quickly, but really I just could not tolerate the appalling almost continuous "music", which is overpowers the content and is a total distraction from the underlying drama. I was tempted to give it longer, to see how the story developed, but came to the conclusion that any director who could choose such a score, could not be relied on to make a quality movie! I felt like I was living out someones nightmare. What was that insanity!? Save your time, save your life, do something, anything other than spend 2 precious hours on this absolute farce. This "movie" is basically 2+ hours of Adam Sandler being obnoxious and screaming. I'm not sure how I made it though the first 15 minutes but finally gave up on this piece of garbage after 90 minnutes or so.<br/><br/>It's like watching a movie made by high school kids trying to make an action/thriller with some comical moments thrown in just for fun. Essentially someone with money to burn looking for a film project despite lack of talent, script, etc...<br/><br/>If you enjoy watching a has been in a make work project for himself, then I guess you'll enjoy this, otherwise skip it.<br/><br/>Also, the soundtrack is beyond annoying. Seriously, if you're going to waste money making trash like this, at least shell out a few dollars for some half decent music because the music track is as annoying as Sandler's constant yelling and screaming.<br/><br/>Overall... bad script + bad acting = a total waste of time! All I can say is this film will make you cringe and wish you'd never watched it.
A guy with a major gambling addiction making poor choices one after the other with zero regard for himself, his family or anyone around him.
An insight into the life of a narcissistic disaster, and nothing redeeming ever happens.
Save your money.<br/><br/>Sandler gives a good performance but you'll still feel terrible after the credits roll. This movie was really good. You can tell Sanlers character is a hustler bound for a tragic end when ya see him in action. The tense situations he creates over and over. It's never enough. I loved it. This movie is full of Chaos. The film was a pleasant surprise as I thought it would be another silly popcorn Sandler film but it actually had some real acting from him. Not that it was a real stretch for him but it's an annoying Sandler for the entire film and it works. The directing is also solid even though the music got really trippy almost like the composer ripped off Blade Runner Vangelis which felt bizarre yet added a twisted flavor to the story. Looking forward to more films from this duet brother team. Not sure about Sandler getting an Oscar nomination but kudos for real acting. I give it a 7 as it kept me entertained the entire film and the ending was a real shocker. No spoilers In Uncut Gems the Safdie brothers pull from a litany of influences, including the films of Altman (California Split in particular), Cassavetes, French New Wave and bling culture, creating a kaleidoscopic, brilliant, heart pumping masterwork in tension. When I say tension, I truly mean tension. I thought Good Time was punishing on my heart rate - clearly I hadn't seen anything yet. The constant pace is only aided by Adam Sandler's brilliant, enthralling performance.<br/><br/>Hands down this is the greatest film of the year. See it without any preconceptions.<br/><br/>Side note: I was delighted to see that Martin Scorsese had produced this film. Considering that his incredible film The Irishman was also released this year, it brings me joy to know that he's passing the torch to the new generation of auteurs. Again, blasphemy?
Any writer that uses "Jesus ******* Christ" in a script has limited talent.
Try using Muhammad and see what happens.
Sick of this. Best Adam Sandler performance. Simply a Heist like movie with constant action fun never kept me bored. Only wish some characters were a little more fleshed out, but for the time they have do a great job. I really wanted to like this movie but between the constant screaming and the annoying music playing over the dialogue it was just painful to watch. Horrible. That's what i called a unique and special movie , from the first to the last moment my adrenaline is very high it's not action movie but damn it's beats a thousand actions movie
Adam the best act I see from him he did an amazing perform to be annoying
The end is very satisfying and surprising as well
I love this movie is so sick Billed as Sandler at his peak. Seriously? Trouble is we're so used to seeing him in comedy films it's hard to work out if this is a rubbish comedy film or an even worse drama. The constant yelling over an annoyingly loud soundtrack makes it even harder to fathom the story line if there is one. Persevered for a while but gave up after 45 mins. Absolute trash Terrible movie, so noisy, annoying! The movie made me sick. The soundtrack is awful! This has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The constant shouting was like being stuck on the tube with a bunch of a-holes for 2 hours. I get that it's supposed to represent his chaotic life, but all the characters were so obnoxious that it's impossible to develop any empathy for them. You're glad when he finally dies. Waste of 2 hours. I WOULD LIKE TO APOLOGIZE FOR WRITING IN CAPS, BUT THIS IS MOST LIKELY HOW YOU ARE GOING TO FEEL AFTER WATCHING THE FILM. IT LITERALLY MADE ME NERVOUS AND AXIOUS AT THE SAME TIME. IT'S BEYOIND CRINGY. ALL, AND I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH, ALL DIALOGUES ARE SHOUTED. THE STORY IS A MESS, BUT NOT IN A FUNNY LESLIE NIELSEN WAY, MORE DEUX EX MACHINA WAY. THOUGH NOT EVEN A GOD COULD UNTIE THAT COMPETELY IRRATIONAL PLOT. I HAVE NO IDEA HOW IT ENDS, AS MY BRAKING POINT WAS MET. I GAVE IT TWO STARS AS I CAN STILL SEE SOME POSITIVE WAY TO USE IT. IF ONE CAN BARE WATCH IT, IT SHOULD COUNT AS PROOF OF PSYHOLOGICAL TEST, FOR INSTANCE FOR GUN PERMIT OR DRIVERS LICENSE. AKA YOU WILL NEES NERVES OF STEEL :) I turned it off it was just bad , all they done was shouting and more shouting Rank system i use is it can only be ONE movie that is the best and then get 10, to get a 9 it have to be something extraordinarily like Alien and so, a 5 is a ok movie nothing more nothing less its simple a mainstream movie.<br/><br/>We saw about half off the movie before we gave up, it was strange Movie that made you feel stressed and pretty bad acting asbout a guy that cant handle gambling. It was going to get a 6, the ending.. well they decided to surprise the audience (for once) and go with NO HAPPELY EVER AFTER.. and if it would, it would deserve. A 5-6 star, it was annoying but time killing and chaming in it's own way but with that ending it got to the point where I would call this waste of almost everything.. I don't know where the hype came from. Adam Sandler plays the frantic role well, and the chaos is executed with precision, but the storyline get's boring rapidly, constant shouting and abrasion with sub-plots that were just time wasters. This film doesn't stand out to me at all. Don't follow the hype. Why are there good reviews for this...
This is nothing but intense, loud mouthed, shouting & screaming with seemingly no intent from start to finish other than to annoy you, cause high blood pressure & genuinely give you a headache!!<br/><br/>Had to force through the latter section to see if anything useful actually happens.<br/><br/>Highly recommend... IF you enjoy watching loud, annoying people have a very public domestic for over 2hrs. Genuinely one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Reviewers seem to point to Adam Sandler's acting but all he did in the movie was scream like a child. The soundtrack added to the nauseating obnoxious atmosphere. Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to go slam my head against a wall and hope I can remove these two hours from my memory. No Sandler you are not Pacino. No Safdi whoever you are you are not Scorsese or whoever you want to be. Good films create characters you care about not shrill monotonous hysterical soulless characters like this one. I tried really hard to keep watching this and boy it was hard work. The fact that so much acclaim has been poured on it is mystifying.Ridiculous. Its tasteless vile,loud and most of all deeply boring for which there are no excuses. Meretricious and sad. Great acting but a complete farce
Pretty disturbing to be honest This film stressed me out because of the constant yelling and the swearing. I guess I am not the only one. WTF?! This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It genuinely gave me a headache. Shambles, is the best one word I can use to describe it. The music that accompanies it is the most ridiculous pairing ever. I cannot believe the high ratings from critics and on here. I can't believe that Netflix invested money on an absolutely absurd, messy, and empty story like that. I really fail to see the point of this movie. A crazy jeweller and gambler, whose life is corrupt and rotten in every possible way, goes against the mafia, becomes ridiculed, beaten up, exposes his own family to risk and dies after getting an easy-to-win bet that nobody else takes in the entire US? With all due respect but is this supposed to be an anti-gambling campaign? because it is the only reason to tolerate it.<br/><br/>Thankfully, there is the charming appearance of Julia (Julia Fox) who gives a break to the viewer's pointless effort to go on with watching. Whole movie is so noisy
I gave it up, could not enjoy The only good non comedy movie from Sandler is the Love inside me.<br/><br/>This movie just was bad in every possible way.
Bad Acting, Bad Plots, Boring Story.<br/><br/>Dont understand the Critics max 04/10 Adam sandler showed he can act but the plot is pointless. The film threatens to develop a depth of character and story line in the 2 plus hour run time but fails to deliver anything worthy of discussion. A shame given sandler decided to ditch the silly voices for this one. So boring and bad. I lost 2 hours of my life and this 2 hours was like 6 hours.
Bad script, bad camera, bad story, bad quality and very bad bad movie. This film is full of stereotypes, it is so obvious, the characters are flat, more than 2 Hours lost. He schould stick to making bad comedies... What a ride! This must be what doing cocain feels like. All the actors are superb and Sandler will have the attention he deserves for his acting at last! My first 2020 movie, my favorite so far! This is a one in a lifetime stupendous experience. A character who can't focus and whose motivations are only made clear when he discusses with a player who he greatly admires. This is someone whose whole life might collapse if a deal does not go through but he is spending time answering a colonoscopy call. A man whose habits turns his family against him. The movie is tragic and funny at the same time, highly recommended though I think you need to be a bit of a movie buff to appreciate it. 10 years ago, shaky cameras distracted us from a bad film... and now this movie employs a cacophony of cheap synthesizer music distract you from laughing at a great comedian trying to play a serious roll. This was borderline torchere and it is going to take about 10 other movies to clean out my ears. 8 people in my group and we all hated it. A loud, angry movie with no plot. I had a gambling addict in my family years back. Didn't need to relive it either. Wait until it's on Netflix so you can turn it off without losing money. This movie did everything wrong. Adam Sandler is usually funny but everything was disturbing about it-the language, the storyline, etc. It was an awful story full of one bad choice after another with nothing to redeem it or make me recommend it at the end. This was not a good movie. While the acting was fine up until the point Adam tried to cry talking to his girlfriend the movie was just bad. There is generally in every movie someone you like even in a show or movie about gangsters like Tony Soprano but not in this movie. The ending leaves you feeling like you just wasted you time and money. The soundtrack was indeed HORRIBLE just as others have commented. The movie kept you feeling anxious the whole time and uncomfortable. I don't really see the point of this movie nor is it one you would EVER want to see again. For that matter I don't see it being one you would tell a friend to go see, you might tell someone you don't like just so they will waste their time and money but not a friend. Never have I seen a movie that made me more uncomfortable than this one! I wanted to leave the theater but I could not give up the chance to see how ended! The movie is kind of like a horror movie about a career in jewelry in New York City! The title depending about how you look at it is either about the subject of the movie or about the character of The anti-hero Howard Rather, played by Adam Sandler. Even if he never showed up the director deserves an academy award for casting Adam Sandler in this role, he is the best choice in American cinema today to play this role! I wanted to give it 10 stars because I respected the message and the emotion it brought out in me (something I never felt in movie before) but I never EVER want to see this movie again, so, 9 stars! "Uncut Gems" (2019 release; 135 min.) brings the story of Howard Ratner. As the movie opens, it is "Welo Mine, Ethiopia, Fall 2010", where a miner is hurt but along the way a massive uncut gem is unearthed. We then go to "New York City, Spring 2012", and we get to know Howard, a questionable wheeler and dealer with a gambling problem. He is confronted by loan sharks who are demanding their money. Then Howard's luck may turn, as a mysterious package arrives while he is hosting Kevin Garnett in his showroom... at this point we are less than 15 minutes into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.<br/><br/>Couple of comments: this is the latest film from co-writers/co-directors (and brothers) Josh and Benny Safdie, whose precious film was the excellent "Good Time" (starring Robert Pattinson). As in that film, "Uncut Gems" is art in the shady world of gritty urban crime. The character of Howard Ratner is an in your face, talk 100 mile a minute, dubious guy who is frankly not very likable. This actually goes for many of the movie' characters. From the get go, there is yelling and screaming which never lets up, and the frequent up-close handheld camera work only reinforces that this is a loan shark drama on steroids. Frankly this makes for an exhausting movie experience That said, Adam Sandler, in a rare non-comedy leading role, shines throughout. Kevin Garnett, now retired from the NBA, plays himself as a 36-year-old aging Celtics veteran. Kudos also to composer Daniel Lopatin for bringing us a dark and at times pulsating electronic score.<br/><br/>"Uncut Gems" premiered to nice acclaim last summer at the Telluride film festival. It is now going wide in theaters. The New Year's Eve matinee screening where I saw this at was attended so-so (about 10 people). If you liked "Good Time" or are simply interested in a gritty urban crime drama on steroids, I encourage you to check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion. If Adam Sandler can get more roles like this he would easily be one of the most respected actors in Hollywood. Never have I been so stressed (in a good way) watching a movie.<br/><br/>Without going into spoilers, some of the main characters decisions are so bone headed, and if they messed up the casting of him it would have been a total train wreck. However, Adam Sandler nails it, and you really feel for him, and even root for him at times.<br/><br/>I can't recommend this movie enough. Much too noisy and frenetic a film and walked out after the first 40 minutes.... Next day saw the remainder of the film trying to withhold my annoyance at the frenetic pace of the noisy dialogue.... Seems that Adam Sandler does not act the character but plays his own real self .....
Bottom line: I don't think much of the story and I am being kind in rating it a 4 I have to say that after watching "Good Time" I definitely looked out for whatever the Safdie brother's next project. So when I heard about and saw the trailer for "Uncut Gems' I was immediately intrigued and excited. I must say that this film does not disappoint in terms of story, directing or acting..................but wow its a bit of a whirlwind which is a lot to follow!!!<br/><br/>This film is directed beautifully by the Sadie brothers.................they know how to shoot such ugly/gritty surroundings in the most warm and gorgeous way. They are just both incredibly talented writers and directors. The story of following a slightly dodgy jeweller in his day to day world, how crazy that world is with gangsters, athletes and affairs. It is really fascinating seeing the story unfold, there is a lot of unpredictability with the central character of "Howard" , which makes the film even more gripping...............once again from these point of view they've knocked it out of the park.<br/><br/>The main positive for me is the one performance everyone is talking about, Adam Sandler...................wow I think I might have to apologise to the man after all these years. Lets be fair he has made and been in some of the worst films ever made. Also he tends to play the same character in all of them.............to put it mildly I never thought the man could really ever act. Do I look stupid for thinking that now............I'm gonna say it............he genuinely deserves an Oscar nomination for this performance. This is career defining..........this could open the world to a new side of Sandler that we've not seen before. He has to do more dramatic serious roles in more serious films...........he is much better suited to it then slap stick comedy that was funny in the 80's and 90's. Unbelievably good.<br/><br/>However even though I enjoyed he film and think its good...........I've given it a 7, I do have one main problem about the film. You've got to be in the mood to watch this film...........the re-watchability of the film isn't, for me, gonna be very high. Its a full on film, there is lot going on at a fast paced..........its just a lot to take in, as I mentioned this is a whirlwind of a film.<br/><br/>Overall it 70% out of 100 its a good film again from the Safdie brothers...............so many twists and turns right up to the end, loved it........one great and career defining performance from Adam Sandler.............but it does have its problems. But definitely anyone who doubts Sandler at all should be made to watch this, hopefully you'll wake up like I have! I dont know what writer was thinking. Howard goes through a lot from begining till the end. There was not a single plot twist. It went from one stressful event to another. By the end I was expecting it to get better for howard which never happened. Such a disappointment due to ending. I don't know if I've ever had a hard a time watching a movie as this one. It's seriously nothing but a number of people lying to each other to screw each other over, juggling those lies and screaming at each other the whole time. There might have been 7 lines in the whole movie that weren't delivered as screams. There's no plot other than Sandler handing over a million dollar opal to Kevin Garnett, then his trouble getting it back from the scheister thus they both run with, all punctuated by LOTS and LOTS of SCREAMING.<br/><br/>For real, don't waste your time unless you enjoy being constantly stressed out and being bombarded by roiling anxiety. One of the worst things I've ever struggled through. Every once in a while a real stinker comes along and this is the stinkiest of all. Probably the worst movie I've seen... ever. Unanimous decision to walk out mid-film. Uncomfortable stereotypes. One dimensional, self-absorbed characters that skeeved me out. Do yourself a favor and skip it. Hell of an intense ride Thriller/Drama. This is definitely a different movie and that's why I love it. I want to start by saying that kept me in the whole time and watching it it made me feel angry and I started to hate Howard (Adam Sandler). That's the beauty of a film when watching it brings out those feelings. What a phenomenal performance by Adam Sandler. He deserves at least an Oscar nomination. I hope they don't overlook his performance. Great script, music, direction, just overall was a fantastic film. I see many people hated it and others loved it. I thought was a really great movie!!! For sure one of the best in 2019. This was a surprising movie, lots of suspense that keeps you on the edge of your seat There is nothing enjoyable about this movie. Every scene is meant to cause anxiety but it fell short because I didn't care about any of the characters. I do not understand why this got so much praise. Just spent 135 minutes watching Adam Sandler trying to be Al Pacino . He was trying so hard, that there was no acting as I could see, just tiresome trying....well it was tiresome for me to watch it. And if that was not enough, let us bring some more boys that are not actors to totally make unconvincing movie that has no real story and no point and then let us finish it with unsurprising surprise, because that is the trend now in movie industry. The movie did manage to make me a bit angry, so thumbs up for that. Boring And too much shouting. That's it, that's the movie. How would a professional jeweler let someone take a multi million dollar jewel , even KG without him signing something or making a video taking financial responsibility? DUMB AF MOVIE!! Need I say more, had to stop after an hour of pointless drivel.
One of the most boring films I have ever attempted to watch, usually no matter how bad I stick with it. However, this was so bad. I love Sandler and wanted to see him in something that wasn't comedic and I worked in the jewelry industry . Gave this a try. The music, or whatever that was that played through the first 15 minutes of this film was some of the most obnoxious noise I have ever heard. It took everything I had just to keep from not changing the channel and going to something else. It was a mediocre movie at best, no characters to like or empathize with, just alot of loud nasty people. Don't waste your time I would give it a minus 10 if I could. Was 15 min into it and said no keep going then 1 hr into it can't turn back after this long. Flippin horrible and will walk funny for weeks after this ass raping. Don't waste your time. I want the time I wasted watching this back. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. No spoilers. The score is complete trash. It doesn't fit the movie at all. The movie is slow, boring and you create zero emotional connection with anyone because you want everyone to just stop talking and the movie to end ASAP. Punch Drunk Love is one of my favorite films so I was hyped to see this one!
I enjoyed this one!
Must-See Seems some love and some hate this movie. Personally I stopped it halfway. Sandler was as always brilliant but I just didn't find this entertaining. I don't watch movies to be stressed or struggle to keep up keeping track. That's not my idea of entertainment. But each to his or her own. Adam Sandler is really bad, the movie has a good story and with a better actor the chaos would have been a lot better. Completely predictable. I don't understand what is so spectacular or good about this movie. Where do these reviews come from? People who are 16 years old and have never seen a good quality script or what? I don't get it. I wanted to bail out after 10 minutes of this mess of a movie but relented and watched the WHOLE THING with my partner. Where do I start? Immediately the NERVE-JANGLING, grating on the ears score gets on your nerves. Then you realize everyone is yelling at each other. Then you realize you hate ALL of the characters. Then you realize there is a ridiculously convoluted plot that you DONT CARE ABOUT. UGH It was so hard to listen to the constant abusive language and yelling, so after 2/3 was over I stopped watching this movie. This is the first movie I can remember ever stopping before the end. The best part of the movie is how I felt after I turned it off - once again calm and peace. If this movie bares any likeness to the life of any New York jeweler or any high profile sports figure, then I'm so happy to not be them. Maybe that was supposed to be the big message. 2 stars for some creative cinematography, otherwise I would have given it zero. Adam Sandler - you can do better that to lend your name to such a piece of film trash.<br/><br/>My recommendation to anyone considering watching this movie is don't waste your time. If one person heeds this warning, then at least my wasted time will have not been totally in vain. The music was awful, the yelling, the screaming. The story was dumb to be honest. An Oscar worthy? Seriously? A waste of time. Uncut Gems, directed by the Safdie brothers, and starring Adam Sandler in one of his best roles to date, is quite the film. It follows a Jewish jeweler (Sandler) who is known for serving local gangsters, rappers, basketball players, and other on-the-edge New Yorkers. He is a total shyster, pawning loaned items to bet on basketball, cheating on his wife with one of his staff, and treating many of his employees poorly. Even so, he gets cheated himself, loaning a rare uncut black opal to a basketball star as a good luck charm, while pawning his traded one of a kind championship ring then using the money to bet on a game. Unfortunately, local moneylenders are after him for his debt, and his antics are wearing thin - the violent moneylenders hound him more and more, as his marriage falls apart, and he continues to try and strike rich in a strange fixation on basketball betting.<br/><br/>This film has one major draw, which also makes it rather innovating and interesting; its loudness. This film is chaos, with competing sounds, yelling, ambient noise, and chaotic shots making a cacophony of visual and audio noise that raises one's hackles and induces anxiety. It is a chaotic ride, not wholly unenjoyable, but certainly stylistically charged. The music and some of the scenes in this film, including a wonderful scene where the opal is viewed and turns into a panning shot of time and space, is a huge plus. I also loved the music. Finally, Sandlers acting (as well as the supporting roles) are absolutely fantastic in many ways. This is a well made film indeed; solid direction, and production abound.<br/><br/>However, this is film is notable for being somewhat dull in places - in my opinion. I did not always enjoy this film, even with the innovative chaos that is built in. Some scenes just feel like filler, and this, paired with the anxiety inducing style, make the film difficult to watch not just through style, but do to a lack of events, in my opinion.<br/><br/>This is an excellent film in many ways, and it deserves its reputation, not least as a film that Adam Sandler nailed to a T. I personally loved the stylistic elements coming from the Safdie brothers innovative style as well. Even so, the anxiety of the film, and some of its duller moments, in my opinion overall detract from what I believe was close to being a big hit for me and my filmophile experiences. Still definitely worth a watch even as a film that will certainly be devisvie, and may elevate to cult status one day. This film will have a well deserved base of fanatics, and it deserves it. Not fully my cup of tea, but by no means a regret. A well trodden story not executed with much finesse that say David Mamet would give. Scenes dragged on with So much shouting and talking over each other it got really irritating. Sandier is ok but I couldn't care less what happened to his character Howard in the end. And I hated the score. 3 for Sandler giving it a worthy go. I'd give this a 5 but the acting is good so 6 is good enough. I just couldn't get into this movie. It's just constant screaming and stress lol. Not a whole lot happens that really matters. I wasted my time! This movie was intense. Adam Sandler did a great job. This movie did a great job of showing how the mind of a gambler thinks. Two thumbs up!! So long had it been before seeing Uncut Gems did my pessimistic attitude toward mainstream cinema releases dissuade me from wanting to go to the theater, expecting a feeling of emptiness that is all too familiar after sitting through the mediocre trash constantly released.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems reinvigorated my excitement for film and filmmaking. Excellent in nearly every regard. It's inspiring to learn how the Safdie brothers got to this point, and even more inspiring seeing their end result. This is one of the most stimulating and downright physically exhausting movies I've seen in the cinema (in the best way possible). Not once did I feel as though the Safdie's treated the audience as if they were unintelligent. An absolute MasterClass in script writing and creating natural tonal shift.<br/><br/>This is movie is suspenseful, heartfelt, genuine and surprisingly comedic all at once. Everyone interested in film should see this movie. Unwatchable..
The first 10 minutes with the terrible background music and everyone talking over each other is deafening.
I made it 20 more minutes and paused it to read reviews. It did not get turned back on. Complete chaos and annoying. For the first time in my life I switched off a film halfway through. I couldn't take anymore; constant shouting and yelling in almost every scene. But what was worse was that people were yelling over each other. My head was literally hurting.
I don't like Sandler's films anyway but I thought I'd give this a chance. It was absolute rubbish, frankly.
Every scene was loud, chaotic, hard to watch and with jerky camera work and a constant score that feels like a mosquito buzzing incessantly at full volume in your ears. Many of the scenes served no apparent plot purpose. I think all this was intentional by the directors to cause a 'chaos' effect for the viewer.
Sandler's character - and indeed most of the characters - are unlikeable and I found myself genuinely not caring what happened with the uncut gem. I haven't even bothered to find out how the movie ends.
Avoid this film. Every time I watch this movie I love it even more, best fast past movie ever, the direction in Uncut Gems is amazing, not one minute is wasted, all the acting was great and awesome, Adam Sandler and Julia Fox were over the top amazing work they did in this movie, can't wait for the 3rd movie from the Safdie Brothers, Great Movie Yelling on top of yelling and then more yelling! 2 hours of my life I'll never get back. If you didn't know 10 minutes into this long, pointless film that Sandler's character was going to die , then you are a moron. It was as entertaining as watching my friends bet on a game and then watching them watch said game. Completely tortuous to sit through. This looked like it would be a good movie with Adam Sandler and it was different from the roles he usually does. Too bad this movie wasn't really worth the watch, it was mostly just people screaming at each other and Sandler was playing an idiot gambler/jeweler and the movie overall had little to no entertainment value. I came into this film wanting to prove all the 1 star ratings wrong. But I simply can't. Need a quick reason? Netflix bought it before wide release. That's all you need to know about how poor the team behind it knew it was going to do.<br/><br/>This film has no direction. A meandering story that goes no where and has loose ends. The view is dropped in a story and expected to connect A LOT of dots. The opening scene for example, what happened? Why does it matter? There is zero context as to who many characters are and what we're supposed to feel about them.<br/><br/>And the music, my my, it's infuriating.<br/><br/>I can see where this film was trying to go and hence the three stars but it feel so short of the mark that it can't be considered watchable. Maybe, just maybe, if it was re-edited and some scenes added, it could be a master piece. I am completely and utterly baffled as to how this film has good reviews. Baffled! This is two hours of shouting and not even enjoyable shouting. This film is absolutely terrible It's the worst movie I've ever seen. It's just about yelling and so bad acting, and meaningless story.
Please don't waste your time to watch it!
Its rating is very strange as it has 7.5 till now! This movie, why, is it made in such a way, the constant shouting, people not listening to each other. It was annoying and irritating to watch morons shout at each other.
Sandler should just keep doing his comedies, because this movie was wasted time.<br/><br/>There was some effort put into writing this movies plot interesting, but they failed miserably. so much places where I was thinking to myself - why? why did they do that? Unreal situations with moronic decisions. Couldnt watch more than 1 hour, just shouting and nonsense. 1 hour of yelling and screaming, and Kevin Garnett, actually the least bad actor of the movie. Thanks Netflix for another terrible production. Junk dirt with no sparkle. A Jewish guy hands a black guy a million dollar rock for a $2.00 ring as collateral . That's how implausible this whole story is. A option for zero stars would be nice. I have always avoided watching Adam Sandler movies. They always been a bunch off annoying stuff. But when I saw the high ratings on this I got curious and was interested in watching. I think the main reason Mr Sandler was picked for the lead role of this flick is because the lead role character in the movie is supposed to be annoying, lame (which he is good at portraying), desperate, and non stop nonsense who just can't stay away from trouble no matter what.<br/><br/>And the direction, editing, background score, dialogue totally suck. Constant yelling/screaming. one personnel is yelling at you constantly and you are talking about something else to to someone else. Sometimes you can't even figure out who is saying what! And what's with the constant use of the F word? I really didn't Manley any sense. The F word was in Mr Sandler's every dialogue almost, when it did fit into the line/ dialogue. I really don't have a problem with the F word being used in movies but in this movie it was as you trying use it with out a reason. Seen classics like The Departed where the F word was used a record breaking number of times but it wasn't annoying because it went with the flow of the dialogue and fitted the situation/sequence/ scene of the movie. Everything about this movie is annoying. You need an aspirin or a shot of vodka to release your nerves and relax if you watch this movie. This movie has a very interesting plot and is well written, however the making of the movie is terrible.<br/><br/>Let's begin with acting:
Adam Sandler has never been a serious actor and as a comedy guy he is pretty great; in this movie he is forced to do serious stuff and fails to delivers a powerful performance. No, yelling like there is no tomorrow doesn't mean you're good actor.
The rest of the cast does a pretty regular job.<br/><br/>Moving along to camera work:
Nothing spectacular. Some interesting shots but nothing more.<br/><br/>Sound editing and mixing:
Probably the worst sound I've heard in a movie. It was like watching it inside a fishbowl filled with water. Pretty annoying.<br/><br/>In general the movie has some good ideas but they were carried terribly. What the heck was that!? I guess there was no script and director just let actors talk and yell. It would save a lot of time to rehearse. Seriously Netflix needs to watch where budget is wasted. Wasted my tome watching this crap film , not sure how some people give good ratings for this film !! The only positive thing about film is that hot actress Julia fox .. Worst movie I ever watched. Nothing to add. It was one of the worst performances ever by Adam Sandler. The ending was so unsatisfying and pointless. How is this 7.7 literally just noise and shouting. Awful film! 2 hours of annoying bs. Adam Sandler should consider a new carrier... Just NO!!! I am so.strssed watching this. Shouting. Shouting and more shouting. Good movie, if it wasn't so shouty I couldn't even watch up to a quarter of the movie because it was too noisy from the start. I had to keep pausing inbetween to get some silence. I guess I'll probably try again someday when I run out of movies to watch. Just unpleasant.. Stressfull and full of confrontations. Not entertaining for a sec. I think Adam Sandler is doing a decent job tho The title says it all; no story at all, the same panels follow each other with no development and constant yelling abou money: "where is my money?" "its $x" "no, i give you $y"...
It was painful to watch, worst than just a waste of time I do not understand why this movie has such a high rating. No one can hold a conversation in this movie without yelling. All of the characters are unlikable and annoying.
This is my first review and this movie was so bad that I felt the need to write this. Truly awful. It does not get better. Terrible soundtrack and full of unconvincing overacting. Can't get 1:30 of my life back. KG acting as himself couldn't even play himself.
80s synth pop for a movie supposed to be set in 2010??? Before Netflix this type of move would have been straight to VHS. Adam proves that he can give us a more dramatic performance with powerful acting this is like robin Williams done with one hour photo it shows that comedic actors can deliver drama acting besides comedy there is more layers in that So bad! 2 hrs wasted! Stupid trama and bad final, can't believe rating more than 5.. If you need to hear cussing and loud arguments for 2 hours, this movie is for you. The acting is ok but the dialogue is horrid. It almost feels like Safdies seem to set their films in a hideous, grimy and deplorable alternate universe, which is why the way in which they achieve a sense of extreme realism is gravely unsettling.
Sandler's performance somehow makes us root for what should be a detestable character, who we inexplicably want to succeed. The constant terrible and poorly calculated decisions, made by the character make the film almost unbearable to watch, a feeling which is enhanced by Lopatin's score which racks up the tension
What Adam Sandler proves once again in this film, like he previously has done in Punch Drunk Love and The Meyerwitz Stories, is that he truly is a phenomenal actor. He gives a performance here that would be considered a career best for numerous actors who, unlike Sandler, have never even been nominated for a Razzie.<br/><br/>As masters of tension, the Safdies somehow manage to make us as invested in a basketball game as Sandler's Howard, whose life literally depends on the result. The fact that this film didn't even get any Oscar nominations is a crime. It's a crazy, anxiety-inducing roller coaster ride, and the rewatchability is insane. I love adam sandler movies but,maybe because this was different than most of his other movies and largely because of the plot and story,i did not enjoy even a minute of the movie. Not sure how this movie has such a high rating. Maybe Adam Sandler still has a huge following. Anyway the intro starts with dialogues over some background music which was a huge headache. Throughout the movie, the argument and the noise is thoroughly unappealing. The story isn't all that great either. If there's anything good then it's the acting and overall screenplay. Yes my review title is utter random gibberish. But if you can devote to (and survive) the 2 1/4 hrs of screentime taken up by this movie, it will soon become clear, or maybe not.
I had very high expectations for this picture, I'm a fan of Adam Sandler and I really enjoy a lot of his films, my favourite probably being Anger Management. And the write up suggested a polished crime caper - perhaps a cross between Oceans 11 and The Italian Job I thought. But I couldn't have been more wrong. From it's blurry, noisy outset to its woefully underwhelming conclusion Uncut Gems is a total mess of a film.
Nothing works in this movie. In just about every scene there are several people all talking over each other. It's so disjointed that it's virtually impossible to keep hold of an extremely poorly implemented plot. There are no likeable characters, no backstory to any of the lead roles' journeys and no chemistry between anybody.
It's like the creators just sent the cast into a series of rooms filled with hidden cameras, told them to talk among themselves for a bit, but then instead of directing them, they just left them there and went right to lunch.
And riding on top of all of that is an almost continous music score which sounds like the backing track to an ultra-low budget sci-fi movie from the 80s. It's absolutely awful, quite possibly in fact the worst choice of soundtrack I've heard from a film. It doesn't gel at all with what's happening on screen and because most of the time the characters are just shouting gibberish over each other, makes for an extremely unenjoyable experience.
If like me this film has left you stressed and confused, put on Anger Management featuring the legendary Jack Nicholson, he'll provide you with all the therapy you need, and before you know it the scars from those uncut gems will be returned to the murky underground world in which they belong. Second movie for adam Sandler proving that he is working in bad level... i have a headache after watching.. wired end .. sick directing..what a waste.. Very slow and boring. People shouting all the time. Adam Sandler acting is awful. His acting makes it seem the movie is going to turn into a comedy at any time. Almost turned it off at the start with the extremely long annoying intro music and wish I had. Absolute rubbish all the acting sucks, Adam Sandler most of all, yelling for two hours is not acting. The music score is just terrible and unbearable at times, had to skip most of the movie which didn't really matter. It might not cost anything being on Netflix to watch, but give this one a miss and save the cost of a headache afterwards. I just saw it and I don't have any words after that ending. Howard (Adam Sandler) character was infectious and very relatable for people who bet on sports. Such a great script, performances and screenplay for everyone involved. The credits song was epic too. Hopefully Adam Sandler gets recognized for this. Don't miss this one! Noisy..and you will get tired from the boring story 7 sounds like a joke. This movie was Rated by cast and crew ? In the end, I'm not quite sure what the point of this whole film was. That gambling and compulsive behavior that puts your life at risk is stupid? Gee, you think? That violent sociopaths are violent sociopaths?<br/><br/>I found absolutely no value in this film. It wasn't entertaining, it's plot was a clearly defined in the first few minutes and character development was not only missing, it was juvenile.<br/><br/>One of the worst movies I've seen in my life. It's a chaos. The characters are annoying and make unearned bad decisions. I would compare this movie to Thhe Butterfly Effect because, like that movie, it's only purpose is to maximize human awfulness, this movie maximizes anxiety. Pretty bad acting by most involved and the movie lacks all elegance in shooting. Charming is not a word I would use to describe the Adam Sandler character. He is anxious, screaming, whining and annoying. I am disgusted by everyone who remotely likes this movie. By far one of the worst movies I've ever watched. Sandler is one of my least favorite actors but i decided to watch the movie because of all the hype around it.
Absolute nonsense, the plot is terrible, the shouting and profanity makes the movie unbearable.
Complete waste of time. Watch it if you are trying to give yourself a headache This is so bad that it should be taught at films schools, about how not to made a movie. Starting from the begining, the music is off (it is like is taken from another movie), an the fact that the main character is to much in your face, everything else is wrong. The plot is wrong, character development is wrong, editing is wrong, and basically Sandler is playing Sandler. I don't understand why there was so much attention given to this movie. It made me watch with my son and we both didn't like it. I'm not a fan of Adam sandler and this didn't help. His voice was the most annoying part of the movie. Title had little to do with the movie. Ending was the saving grace as it was unexpected. But didn't do enough to save this movie. Not a thriller. Not suspenseful at all. Just a waste of time. Boo all the way. I was being friendly with a 2 just because of the last moments of the movie. Barf city I would prefer it if the whole movie was about his colonoscopy and what did he have exactly.
Now i feel like i Just got one too. SHOUT SHOUT SHOUT that's the full summary of this film. The plot if you can call it that is totally uninteresting. I did actually watch it all the way through although I did skip bits when it become unbearable to watch/listen to in the vain hope Adam Sandler would save the movie at some point but he doesn't ........it's a waste of life 2,25 hour movie. It could all have been done in 15 minutes...... You'll either love or hate this film...<br/><br/>I think some blood pressure tablets would have helped my experience watching uncut gems...<br/><br/>The level of screaming and awful constant score is really unpleasant. I had to turn the volume down just to tolerate it... I think with different direction, less shouting over each other and a score that isn't as loud as the talking then this could be decent...<br/><br/>I really wanted to like this but it just too much of a loud mess... Even adam sandler made a dramatic film to get taken seriously by The Academy. bad idea, adam. bad idea. What a hectic and fun ride. Non-stop entertainment from start to finish. A neurotic, shouty, annoying, self absorbed mess of a film. Yup, I get that the main character is a narcissist - but feels like the director is too. Highly agitating and unpleasant to watch so just nah, don't bother.<br/><br/>Rarely review, but thoroughly irritated by this one. So the movie is ok, abit dark so dont see it on a sunny day. But the god damn music thats so laud and enoying killed it for me... I really enjoyed watching this movie. I had not seen any trailer or read any advance plot reveal. I did read that Sandler's performance was noteworthy in this film; I won't disagree with that. I was an earlier alum of SNL, and Sandler didn't really appeal to me. I saw a couple of his previous movies, but I found them too formulaic to enjoy. That opinion changed when I watched "Funny People"; when comedians are courageous enough to parody themselves, that is no small undertaking.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems I noticed by some wasn't as appealing due to the frenetic/frenzied pace thread that weaves through most of this story. Being taken from an Ethiopian mine with the same pace to almost literally being dropped into Howard Ratner's life while he is in mid "light-speed" mania took some adjustment, but I am very glad I was patient. The directors told the story of a man who obviously has issues, but the people in his life are very integral to determining Howard's salvation or perdition, and after watching there should be no apologies for how the story plays out factoring in those relationships. Howard is front and center in this film, and he is very much on display almost like an art piece; you either love him or hate him.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the pace, and while the cast was truly eclectic, I saw them perform at the top of their craft. There are a lot of layers: Howard, his life, his family, his job, his "co-workers" (don't rely on spoilers, just watch them), the constellation of people in some very curious situations with Howard, the textured meaning behind the film's title, and yes, that ending. You may not feel compelled to root for Howard, but after knowing him for a bit you squint and cringe more often than not at the predicaments that occur, and DO they occur.<br/><br/>This movie isn't everyone's preference. I'm glad I made a decision to watch with an open mind and less experience with too many of Adam Sandler's films. I really liked it. I Just couldn't like this movie. The terrible 70's score and the attempt at trying to be gritty just fell short for me. The characters were annoying and the story pretty predictable. I loved this film, with one notable exception. I think they could have cut the scene where he hides in the closet in his Manhattan apartment to surprise his mistress. The entire scene was gross and unnecessary, and I wish it had been cut out. Her character had firmly been established and his as well. This was just vulgar and had zero bearing on the actual plot. Other than that gratuitous scene, I thought the movie was spectacular. I am a writer, so the ending was not. Surprise because the characters had been created so well, but my husband as well as much of the audience gasped because they were not expecting the twist at the end. Well done, Mr Sandler. You reminded me of Al Pacino in this film. Adam was brilliant in this flick, prolly one of the better movies he's ever done in his career. The chaos and soundtrack matched that of Punch Drunk Love big time but just as in that Adam delivers here too.
I never knew Adam could do stuff other than just yelling around in weird accents and idiotic humor.
The weekend, Kevin Garnett were great additions to the cast.
Julia Foxx was brilliant. I only downloaded this app to write something for this movie. The story was awful. It was all over the place and ended in such a quick, terrible way. I love Adam Sandler but this wasn't it.  Don't take this lightly. This was an absolute Mess from start to finish. My head is ready to explode. I have a headache. I really wanted to just leave. It was the biggest jumbled mess I have ever seen. Adam Sandler can and should be better than this. What a trashy waste of time. The ending, even worse. What an absolute crap shoot! Watched in theatre for 50 minutes. Couldn't handle anymore nonsense, irrelevant, lack of storyline. Adam Sandler was not good, neither was KG or the WEEKEND(whoever that is)... I'd rather be raped and murdered over and over... Burn my body I love Adam Sadler, but this movie was very annoying, with the stupid music playing in the back ground. Then there was a lot of yelling throughout the movie. The good: the casts' performance. Sandler and company do their best to make you feel like this is a genuine performance and try to make the film feel relatable to the average person who is down on their luck.
The bad: the script. The entire movie's plot is so predictable that I laughed at the end of the film because I knew how it would end about 20 minutes in. *minor spoilers ahead*. There isn't anything new in this film that hasn't been explored in other movies that deal with *spoilers* smuggling or gambling. The film feels like it would be more enjoyable if you went in tripping or drunk because very little makes sense when you think about it. Can't understand the positive reviews of Sandler's performance. He literally yelled for 2 hours. That takes no talent and certainly shouldn't be mistaken for acting. There wasn't a single redeeming character in the whole movie. My favorite part was when the "muscle" pulled the trigger, just wish it could have happened 90 minutes earlier. Listen, the acting was good. Had a great grimey feel to it, so I thought it was shot very well. The story has been done before, but with Adam Sandler doing it, it's incredibly entertaining. The excitement at the end is awesome. I thought it was a great movie, Sandler should get some sort of Oscar, but the writers shouldn't.<br/><br/>7.5 - It's worth your time. Didn't care for it at all. Hated the constant closeups. Another disappointing Adam Sandler film. First off, I cannot believe all the high ratings for this movie. I'm a huge Adam Sandler fan and I went with high hopes. I was very disappointed to say the least. I'm guessing all the high ratings and praise are from Jews. There was basically no plot whatsoever in this movie. The only high point in this disaster of a movie was Julia Fox. She was gorgeous and had an exceptional ass. That was it. Every stereotype about Jews was played out in this movie. My favorite part was Adam Sandler's character being Jewish and driving a Mercedes. Hilarious. If you don't get it, never mind. I almost left midway through the movie but I just took out my phone. The ending was somewhat a surprise but not really. Thank god they just ended the movie. Don't waste your time. Good - Sandler's acting was great and he makes the viewer really have compassion for this character. All the acting is good, in my opinion.
Bad - The music is awful. 80's synthesizer or something. It doesn't fit.
Good - The story is compelling and draws you in.
Bad - Some scenes are chaotic with everyone screaming. It's sensory overload at times. I get what the directors were trying to show but it was too much for me.
Overall this movie is great with an unpredictable ending but I'd wait to see it on DVD or internet stream. Ok... Wow i have to say Adam Sandler is one Hell of an actor if it was up to his acting on this movie I would rate him a 10......
He is an amazing actor and i went to see it to see something a bit different than his usual funny type of movies....
The movie was good... But i was mentally invested in his character "Ratner" think that was his last name not sure if his first name was Harold.. Anyhow. The movie per say started out good, but just when u think it would go a certain way it didn't throughout the movie i felt as if i waa going to get an ulcer.. I kept rooti g for his character.... But oh well you would have to see it....i will not go into detail.... I did love Adam Sandler's acting and it felt interesting watching something different than what he normally does.. G o see it if you want to see something that is out of hus norm.. Even though he has done a lot in the past Spanglish,Reign over me and One of my fav Punch Drunk love... All of these are more drmatic but this one takes the cake with action and drama its good but almost gave me an ulcer its very intense.... You.might give it a 10 for me it's a 7.. I do love Sandler though..
.. I think this may be the first time I've found myself agreeing with the bad reviews and the good reviews.<br/><br/>This movie itself is long and follows a trail of a morally inept character who creates a lot of havoc for those around him. The story, backstory, and ending is all fascinating.<br/><br/>The audio balance in this movie is almost unbearable, especially in the first 10-15 minutes. There is so much noise and camera movies that it seems unnecessarily chaotic. Almost lost me early on when I was trying my best to understand what was being said by the on screen cast.<br/><br/>Overall, the final 20 minutes of the movie made the entire thing. There are some lulls, but it ends in a way that I didn't expect. Great movie. Good lesson on karma reaching unlikeable people. Still had plenty of moments to laugh, but I didn't hear many other laughs coming from the rest of the audience. It may help to know about the NBA especially in 2012 but it was well worth the money. Family in front of me left about an hour into movie presumably because there is rampant profanity but to each their own. 8/10. It's healing power Adam Sandler is very hot and cold with his movies. This one was a good one. It is very well casted and they do seem like new yorkers if they are not. A24 as good production companies so the production value was good. The story was good in and kept me on the edge of my seat most of the time, just pay attention it's intricate, but predictable at times. Good entertainment. Bit of a surprise ending. Sandler is excellent. Very well made film, good, pacing, a little suspense. Of course takes place in New York, has some stereotypes of Jews and African Americans. Not for young children, don't expect Saturday Night Live. The directors successfully disturbs our mind throughout the movie. Uncut Gems is a well made movie. Adam Sandler gives his career best performance along with a fine performance from new comer Julia Fox. Adam Sandler definitely deserve an Oscar nomination. Overall, Uncut Gems is a good cinematic achievement and is a one time watchable experience. Great movie! Amazing acting on Adams part. I Really enjoyed watching it. Progressive, bold, scary and intimate!!!!!! How do they do it?! They are just brilliant writers - also the edit is fine tuned going against the carnage of the characters on screen. Brilliant! All this for him to get shot in the end? What a waster of two hours. Who thought it was a good idea to use a bad 80's video game sound track blaring from beginning to the end of this movie? F---k me!
I'm only angry because it's a very good movie, great acting, great cast, good story.
Saw the end coming. What do you expect if you lock two sociopaths in a glass cage for hours?
If only they would have taken the person responsible for the sound track and shot him in the face, we all could fully appreciate this movie. Uncut Gems starring Adam Sandler is a jeweler who sales exotic jewelry who's got hold of a rare gem from Africa. Also he's a addictive gambler. Now this movie is something to watch. Now you've got to really pay attention to it, if you get distracted from the movie. You will be lost. Now Adam Sandler was terrific as Howard . I've never seen the sandman act so great. He's had some bad roles and some good ones. This is by far his best. He should have been nominated for a Oscar. The rest of the characters are great. Kevin Garnett was phenomenal as you guess it, himself! The storyline was very good. Loved the intense of it. Very fast paced and the story of Howard is wonderful. Y'all need to get on Netflix and watch this movie. Or buy it on blu ray. My rating is 8/10. #uncutgems #adamsandler #netflix #jewelry #gems #gambling #bostonceltics #kevingarnett I recently saw "Good Time" the Safdie bro's movie with Robert Pattinson and was digging their style off the bat. I heard from a few friends that this film was very "frantic" and with so much frantic stuff going on in the world it took me a while to get around to "Uncut Gems" because I was worried it would stress me out.<br/><br/>That being said I ended up loving the film. Sandler is so good, best performance since "Punch Drunk Love" in my opinion. He really shows his chops as a character actor in this film. Lakeith Stanfield is also fantastic as always, I think he is one of the most talented actors of this generation, great work from Idina Menzel as well and I loved seeing/hearing The Weekend.<br/><br/>The Safdies are versed in creating gritty tension, a world of paranoia and heightened circumstance. It's like if you took the "frantic" portion of a Scorsese movie and just made a whole movie out of it, but it works because it's authentic to the characters and the concrete jungle world they are depicting. They also have a cool retro vibe that I like, love the neon coloring or weird 80's video game sounds, it just gives the picture weight.<br/><br/>Great work! Highly recommend, yes it's frantic but not quite as painstaking to watch as I anticipated, good fun over all. I'm not going to lie, this movie had me biting my nails and left a pit in my stomach. Incredibly tense and entertaining. Acting was phenomenal (even Kevin Garnet). How Adam Sandler wasn't even nominated for Best Actor is beyond me. Fantastic and thrilling ride from beginning to end. First of all, Adam Sandler is great in this. I've never been a huge fan, but he nailed this role.
With that said, this movie was almost painful to watch. It's tense, stressful, loud, and obnoxious. But it was intentionally made that way, and they executed perfectly. Adam Sandler should have gotten an Oscar. This movie stresses you out from start to finish. If you have ever gambled you can understand this man. Just a roller coaster. Check it out. Best Sandler (non-comedic) film to date, hands down! Without question This is just people screaming, cursing, and acting like a$$holes, but gosh darn, if it ain't great art. It's like the metalcore of films: not for everyone,but, if you get it, you'll know. Adam Sandler in a serious role. He delivers the goods! The movie was a little hectic, but his performance is amazing.<br/><br/>I agree with you rent one reviewer, my wife would have hated this, I'm glad I watch this by myself. It's a total guy movie! Sandler was great throughout this entire unpleasant experience. I was completely stressed out the entire movie, and yet once it was over, it's hard not to acknowledge it's successful design - especially as it all unfolded for a terrific ending. I know Sandler since his SNL days. Brilliant, hilarious. Then nothing other then 1 joke movie for teens. Finally a vehicle that gives him a layered frantic character to play with. Populated by great supporting characters, including a rock, that tighten the grip slowly. Yet fast, merciless and abrupt. Superior gangster movie. This is a giddy hyper chase of a movie where you are literally on the front seat of a roller coaster that's going to crash. You just know it.
An inveterate gambler who comes into possession of a diamond rock and the various deals that he strikes. You just want to reach into the screen sand slap Howard and give him a good shake down.
Although felt that the length could have been trimmed down by another 15 mins or so... So Adam Sandler showed us he can act just fine. Kevin Garnett is like an actor that has been in the business for much longer. Good work KG.
The movie shows you the madness and the greediness that can potentially become leading characteristics of people in this kind of business... And the results of betting against your life in order to... Save your life. Isn't that ironic? I've never liked Adam Sandler's movies or the characters he played, as the "comedy" in his movies are just plain stupid. For some reason Adam Sandler never acts in dramas which is upsetting because he can act as Uncut Gems shows his potential in the drama genre. Adam Sandler limits himself with these poorly written comedies which taints his career, I just hope he moves his career in a different direction.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems' plot is about Howard Ratner, and how everything he does just falls flat as he tries to pay back debts. The plot alone is simple, but the pacing just sells it. The Safdie brothers are masters when it comes to creating a movie that is filled with anxiety. The way they pace their movies creates a persistent atmosphere that makes it feel like a nightmare. I respect the writers so much, as I know it's difficult to create such a nightmarish pacing style.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler's acting affects the atmosphere of the movie too, as it's so realistic. Howard Ratner tries to stay calm with his dialogue, but his body language and voice is just filled with anxiety, and it really affects the viewers experience, as you feel like Howard Ratner. The acting in general is flawless, every character is supposed to revolve around Howard Ratner and the atmosphere and pacing really compliments it. I'm impressed with Julia Fox, with her limited acting career, but she nailed it with the delivery of the lines.<br/><br/>The Safdie brothers are known for using their unique filming style with the extremely close up cinematography. This creates an uncertain and anxious mood throughout the film. This was slightly done in Good Time, but in Uncut Gems, it's done to the max. The lighting made Uncut Gems feel like a blur, and with the cinematography, it forces you to take a break.<br/><br/>I'm a huge fan of the Safdie brothers, and Uncut Gems is really going to boost their careers' if Good Time didn't already. Uncut Gems is a movie that will drive you insane with how persistent it is with the anxiety. You definitely need to take some deep breathes before watching, and a remote to pause every now and then. The movie/storie was good, but the music give me headache. So here's one of those rare non-comedy Adam Sandle movies. I actually like the guy, done just really enjoyable movies, but to me it seems every one of those is followed by a completely non-sense movie, like completely. Sandler here is a jewlry retailer, apparently he found his once in a lifetime diamond, and of course he plays dirty. Here comes the stress: It seems to be the good tone in this society that everybody screams at everybody, in every single scene. No joke. The main people of a scene not only scream at each other, they also scream at other people, they scream back, background prople scream at background people. Also, Sandler tries to make money with everything he gets. He borrows the diamond to Kevin Garnett of all people gets his ring gives it to the pawnbroker, bets with that money, gets beat down and cancelled, can't give back the ring so he borrows something else, tries to make money with that and digs the whole deeper. Stressful and hard to follow, just like that last sentence. Not a whole lot of story or relevant plot here. Also: Julia. She looks different in every scene, you can't recognize her. I was so confused. After that stupid closet scene, all of a sudden there's a club scene with The Weekend, camera zooms into a woman I should care about, she snorts coke with The Weekend on the toilet, Sandler freaks out, I don't care cause I don't know who that woman is until way later. You got some entertainmenr value from the basketball, KG and this whole criminal world but that's about it. It's telling that this is a Netflix original and they try to hype it that much. Not awful but definitely not a movie I would wanna watch if I knew what I know know about it. Terrible terrible music is played through this entire movie. Adam Sandler does a great job bringing his character to match the misery of the music.
The story was great and the acting was awesome. Wow What A Ending Movie And Adam Sandler Incredble Acting He Is The Actor In His Carrer That's a good thing. I read a few reviews on here, and like another reviewer said, the other reviews are correct. This movie is definitely a love it or hate it sort of affair.<br/><br/>I loved it. I wanted to root for Sandler's character, but he constantly infuriated me. He annoys and frustrates the audience as much as he does other characters in the movie. From the camera work, to the audio, to the decisions that characters make, to the soundtrack, this movie is pure chaos and is very stressful.<br/><br/>Why is this good? It's very entertaining. This is an experiment in human psychology. I would highly recommend this movie to some people, yet would tell others to stay far, far away from it.<br/><br/>Some say that the best art is divisive, so take my opinion for what it's worth. Wow. Addictive in all the right ways. This was the most anxious I've been in a movie in a long time, maybe ever.<br/><br/>Sandler was terrific. A phenomenal transformation, I can't believe I found Myself cheering for him all the way until the end. He is such a bad guy, I don't really know why I wanted him to win. I don't know if this movie will lend itself to rewatching, but it was a memorable enough first viewing that I found absolutely thrilling It took all the way towards the end to get into the movie. When I saw that that Howard had finally scored big I was like cool let's see how this ends and then you mean to tell me this dude gets shot in the face and dies? Like come on man how are you suppose to end the movie that way? I am disappointed cause I didn't think Adam Sandler would go out like this. This movie is incredible. The Safti brothers are geniuses. Kevin Garnett was actually really good. It was sometimes aggravating by the incoherent dialogue. It was a solid movie for Sandler. It was better than anything he has done since Chuck and Larry. 13 years and 16 films later, we finally get a movie above average and the best thing I can say is about an NBA player. Vomit..... This movie is slow. That's probably my main problem with it. It's two hours long, but feels more like three. The first half is filled with chaotic noise, ambient music that doesn't stop, and mumbling dialogue that overlaps itself. It's honestly frustratingly difficult to understand what's going on at times because there doesn't seem to be any kind of structure to any of the scenes.<br/><br/>The second half adjusts itself, and starts to pick up plot wise. But I have to say, I found myself getting restless. I checked how long was left in the movie multiple times, and at one point was shocked to see I was only half way through.<br/><br/>The characters are frustrating. There aren't really any likeable characters in the movie, they're all pretty garbage people. That's the point though I suppose. Still, this only made it even more frustrating to get through. It doesn't surprise me that this was directed by Benny Safdie, who also made Good Time (2017) - another movie where we just watch bad things happen to dumb people who make stupid choices. In the last 10-20 minutes or so, the plot picks up. The last bit is rather exciting and includes some very real (and expected) outcomes. I really enjoyed this part of the movie.<br/><br/>Everyone talks about Adam Sandler's acting in this movie. It was good I suppose. I don't really watch his movies though so I don't know what to compare it to. The movie was well acted I thought. The cinematography could get claustrophobic, which was perhaps intentional and meant to compliment the general 'noisiness' of the film, but it continued to be claustrophobic even in the more calm scenes. The music was interesting. I thought it fit pretty well but there were also times where it annoyed me, mostly in those noisy scenes.<br/><br/>I don't have much more to say really. I won't be re-watching it personally. I'm not even entirely sure it deserves a 7, but a 6 feels too low. I'd still recommend it though. If you can tolerate...no, ENJOY, the rollercoaster of this movie then watch it a few more times. It's more enjoyable even tho you already know the outcome of the movie (and NBA game). Best part being Adam Sandler is out of his element but plays the part very well. you hate to love him, much like Denzel in Training Day (no he was not as good as Denzel)<br/><br/>Well worth the watch and telling your friends to watch a new Sandler movie if nothing else but to hear/see their reaction to something they never would've picked at the local Redbox Finally a movie for Adam Sandler (the most annoying man in the world) to shine in. I put off watching this at first when I saw his name attached but was well impressed when I did give it a chance.
The pace is relentless and carries you along almost on the edge of your seat begging him (the main character) not to screw it up any more than he already has. But he does!
Credit has to go to the Safdie Brothers. I enjoyed 'Good Time' hugely too.
And the casting is excellent with every character a 'character' who looks interesting before they even do anything.
Recommended highly. Uncut gems is an unforgettable film whether you enjoy it or not. I loved it but I'm not sure why, the scenes are all over the place, scattered, loud, obnoxious. The characters are the type of people most would prefer to avoid. It's just complete chaos.<br/><br/>Unforgettably chaotic. Artistic and Bold.<br/><br/>I loved and hated the characters, was engaged and excited the whole way through and never lost interest with what was on screen.<br/><br/>You could say it's as close to an accidental masterpiece as you could get. It's wild. Equal parts exhausting and electrifying, you won't need a cup of coffee before strapping in for this heart-palpating New York City thriller. Building on bricks laid by their raw, ugly work in 2017's Good Time, the Safdie Brothers' uncompromising vision for anxiety-inducing cinema is fully realised thanks to an insane production parlay that wins big. Beautifully shot by legendary cinematographer Darius Khondji, the film follow a mesmerising and unrecognisable Adam Sandler as a dopamine junkie completely lost to his countless vices, be it gambling, adultery or whatever puts him on another high. How he and the top-form supporting cast were snubbed for Oscar nominations is beyond me, with a standout, star-making debut for Julia Fox and hyperrealistic performances by amateurs plucked right off the gritty streets of the Diamond District. In only his second film soundtrack, Daniel Lopatin/Oneohtrix Point Never is back for another pulsating synth-based affair that compliments the on-screen anarchy, and keeps audiences glued to the seats of this downhill rollercoaster missing its brakes. Finally exhaling at the end of this 135 minute chaotic mess is an overwhelming relief, yet it's such a joy watching Howard fail one poor decision after another that you'll be ready to bet again and again and again.<br/><br/>9/10 pawned championship rings. Really disappointing movie with no point at all, just a big mess and a whole bunch of problems leading to no where, and boom comes the shocking end.. Is that it? Is that all you got?
Not recommended at all The movie shows the results when involving yourself in illegal activities or even people. The actor did really great by portraying the character he's playing. Overall, the movie made gave me various emotions such as anger, depression, loneliness and etc..., to the point where I could related with the main character of the movie. Poor story, great script, good direction, amazing acting and very unpleasant to watch. This film was made to make you feel stressed and uncomfortable, that's for sure. But Julia fox and her thick booty was worth watching I hope this is a call for attention to a society that is going bye bye.
No inspirational speech or sport or whatever can explain the leitmotiv for doing a movie like this.
Pissing contest as in what should be art, and maybe exhibit decay, as in real life, but not a booster, an amplifier.
Do you see anyone that seems human? Maybe we all are ver the edge.
Should cinema bring such a sad view of the world?
It is a free world from where freedom escaped, a who knows, maybe for good.
There are still those that hope not.
Actually that libertas premise is turning into a impossibility to prove, convince, demonstrate.
So people are turning.
It is not clear into what, exactly, how many colors are in the pallette. Sandler is brilliant. He adds another great performance to other recent roles in film to show us his capacity as a versatile and talented actor. Everything is slick, well edited, directed, and flows well, and I guess it took me along for a ride. There's no surprises for me, and I didn't care what happened to anyone. It was a bit underwhelming for me. Not because of what the storyteller tells us, but what he doesn't. I know it's a feature film but I'm selfish.<br/><br/>A story like this compared to the same in a limited-series television production of the same quality would have been more satisfying. We're used to this now through consuming such great productions streamed via the likes of Netflix. So I wanted this because I don't want plot holes.<br/><br/>This is a story about deals and rip-offs and that's how I felt in the end, ripped off. And maybe that's good enough. I wouldn't discourage people from watching this, but don't expect everything to be answered in the end, because there's just not enough time, and perhaps a lot of material was left on cutting room floor. I must admit I'm a Safdie virgin, so Safdie fans needs to be gentle with my review so I don't feel ripped off twice... Movie seems to directly steal from the far better The Gambler starring James Caan, even the basketball and Jewish elements. A key difference is this movie makes zero effort to explore any motivations for the main character's self destructive actions, it's just one crazy thing happening after another. As it is, Sandler's character is unlikeable such that you don't really care what motivates or even what happens to him. Then it ends. Sandler did a fantastic job, even with the terrible story he had to work with. Essentially, he is just getting his ass kicked the entire movie. It almost seems like you are watching the same movie bc all the scenes are so similar. Wanted to like this movie, but the only reason it gets 5 stars is bc the acting. I would not recommend. Exhausting but memorable. No comic relief. Every moment tension filled. Adam Sandler an excellent dramatic actor. Too long. I almost gave up at one point wondering how much more can Sandler's character screw up. It's just insanity in the first 40 mins. But one's patience is rewarded in the last 20 mins or so. The end is thrilling and you dont know what to expect.
Adam Sandler plays the crazy Jewish diamond guy to perfection. So much so that you feel like punching him in the face at one point. Definitely his best performance to date. It's a gem in terms of the performance and acting and maybe this is the best role so far for Adam Sandler, he shows that he can do way more than just comedy movies, watchable because of Sandler's acting!!! Ive watched Good Time before coming into this movie and what i thought about Uncut Gems after is that its defenitely another movie from the same series, same map, same lens even that 80s wave music the filmmaking style of the safdie is very identical, immersive and never boring. i love the pace and the unique style they have. highly recommended. First off, Sandler is good, because we forget it Sandler. The rest is just poorly executed storytelling. Rapid pacing didn't help poor character dev and overall kept feeling disjointed. Disappointed with each scene. This movie is beyond underrated. Adam Sandler and the screen play for this film is genuine and I feel shows a deep insight to addiction, gambling problems, and feeling like a true New Yorker. I feel like this a modern day Rounders, but In a different spin. I will say Sandler is not the best emotional cryer, but he puts up with so much throughout the film and unable to catch a break. "Uncut Gems" is a Crime - Drama movie in which we watch a man who is a famous jeweler but he has a lot of debts. He is trying to survive from his angry collectors and he risks everything in order to remain alive.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this movie very much because it had a very interesting plot with a lot of plot twists and many in tense scenes that made me feel the agony of the main character. The direction which was made by Benny Safdie and Josh Safdie was simply amazing and they succeeded on transfer every feeling of the main character into the audience, something that is very difficult to happen. Regarding the interpretations of the cast I have to admit that Adam Sandler who played as Howard Ratner was simply outstanding at his role and I couldn't believe that he is actually the Adam Sandler I have watched in other movies. Another interpretation that has to be mentioned is Julia Fox's who played as Julia De Fiore and she was very good too.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend everyone to watch this movie because it's simply amazing, it has an intense and interesting plot and an unbelievable interpretation by Adam Sandler that everybody has to watch. I believe that even if you have high expectations from this movie you won't be disappointed by it. This is an excellent and very intense film, with extremely good character development as we are watching the life of a gambling addict unfold. The main character Howard is a fairly annoying character but you go on to sympathise with him later on in the film. It was a well thought out storyline, with a dramatic ending and the acting was tremendous from the entire cast, especially Adam Sandler who was well and truly scammed of an oscar nomination as he was incredible in this film and showed us that he is a terrific actor who can play roles excellently outwith his usual characters. The movie is not so bad but the soundtrack is pure noise... I honestly cannot decide what to make of this film. On the bright side I have never seen Adam Sandler deliver this calibre of acting - he was captivating. However he and this film captivated me into a dizzying spell of anxiety. As piece of art - it is spectacular because it settles you into a dark and stressful mood that gets worse as this film lurches on.<br/><br/>
Lurching may be the problem with it though.<br/><br/>
The film seemingly goes on forever with no end to sight. I will never suggest anyone else watch this film and I won't re-watch it. I've, so far, missed the Safdie brother's previous films and only picked up on this one due to the buzz surrounding Adam Sandler's performance (and its easy access on Netflix).<br/><br/>Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) is a Jewish Diamond dealer in New York City. His marriage has failed (though they're still living together for the kids), his girlfriend is much younger and interested in the nightlife but most seriously, he's in the hole for a lot of money to a man with mob connections. He has a plan though, an uncut Opal that he's bought direct from Ethiopia has just arrived and is valued at enough to clear all his problems. However, he shows the stone to NBA Star Kevin Garnett (himself) who has an almost religious reaction to it and simply must have it.<br/><br/>The performances in the film are indeed great. Sandler has been capable of turning his schtick into something more meaningful before, with "Punch Drunk Love" and "Funny People" and good as he is in this, I'm not sure that Howard is as much of a stretch for him as the other performances were. Anger and shouting is still very much his wheelhouse. Kevin Garnett is good though, as is Lakeith Stansfield. Everyone else is really a supporting character though, as the whole film is about Howard and I'm not sure that there's more than two scenes in the whole movie that he's not in.<br/><br/>What's fascinating about the film, and what's stayed with me, is the way the film uses sound to make you match emotions with its protagonist. It literally induces stress in you, with its overlaid and often off screen dialogue, shouting and the electro soundtrack blasting over the lot in key moment. The film really should have been Oscar nominated for Sound Mixing - I don't think I've ever been struck by the effectiveness of a score as much as I have with this one. Note that I said effectiveness and not quality, I couldn't tell you how one of the tunes went, I can only remember how they made me feel.<br/><br/>The film engenders frustration rather than "is" frustrating, if that makes sense. Apart from the sound use, the Howard makes the worst choices throughout, constantly risking and rerisking his future for some more money to gamble on Basketball. You cringe along in exasperation as he does it.<br/><br/>If you're looking to unwind after a hard day, "Uncut Gems" is not the film for you, but as a technical experience, if nothing else, it's unlike anything else. "Uncut Gems" is a movie that I was waiting since I watched the trailer for the first time. Movies starring Adam Sandler were never my cup of tea. I have watched "Blended" and one of his most famous hit "Click", but I never appreciated his acting skills. So I wanted to see how he managed with a dramatic role, and I have to say that he did a decent job. He portrays the owner of a small pawn shop full of gambling debts that is trying to pay, in his own way. He is very nervous, with no patience and for the whole movie he screams and shouts, he never really have a normal conversation for the whole duration, and this honestly annoyed me a little bit, but I understand that is part of the character personality and maybe they should have write a little bit better some scenes.<br/><br/>The movie is full of tension, and has a little space for breathing, I felt constantly stressed out because of many issues that the main character had. He doesn't have a normal life and he cannot leave one single part of his existence in peace. They should have create more scenes that slows down a little bit the tension, giving the time to the audience to process what is happening on screen. Too much is happening, in a short span of time and it is easy to lose yourself between all the different events. Considering also that the movie is more than 2 hours long, you get to a point that you get really annoyed. Some scenes are dragged, and they actually lose the original purpose of creating tension and climax.<br/><br/>I really liked photography and even if the interpretation could have been a little bit better, I enjoyed to see Adam Sandler out from his comfort zone. The story is well written and character for the most part are good. Plus we get a short cameo of The Weeknd. The movie started interesting enough in south africa where the uncut gem is found. Then you are introduce to Howard the main character who owns a jewellery shop. Instead of focusing on what he has, he dabbles in big gambling and other woman. Pretty soon he was chasing his next sale to cover his debts.
The editing and pacing Is definitely intense. Was it intentional? maybe.
Unfortunately for me and the wife.. it got pretty messy and stressful that she walked out of the movie. I have mixed feelings about this one. No doubt Sandler is great! Absolutely adrenaline-pumping and another great film by the Safdie Brothers! Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) is a New York jeweller who is on an exhausting pursuit of being hugely successful and winning big. He's massively in debt and what follows is a long string of bad occurrences that leave his family and professional life dysfunctional. Josh and Benny Safdie made a highly impressive debut feature in Good Time starring Robert Pattinson and Benny himself as two brothers attempting to escape New York's underworld after a bank robbery gone wrong. What they have proven is an beautiful talent in creating a whirlwind of anxiety and desperation through their characters on screen that they create a wonderfully hyperactive and frantic atmosphere. Uncut Gems is a continuation of that cinematic legacy and is absolutely worth your attention. It's probably Sandler's best dramatic performance yet and he completely commands the screen even while portraying a slimy character. The soundtrack is sublimely great and the visuals are hypnotic made especially aware in the opening and closing sequences. You're completely sucked into Howard's world and no matter how many more bad decisions or behaviour he may indulge in, we're along for the ride and strangely can't help but feel for him occasionally when his whole world is collapsing around him; even if it is his own fault! It's a soul crushing feeling whenever he does make a bad decision; for example, he's an addicted gambler and just when there's a shining light and it looks like he's going to win, he has to go and make another bigger bet whether it's financially or otherwise. The ending left me stunned and is one of the best endings I've seen in a while; so powerful! A very intoxicating watch and the time just flew by If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)<br/><br/>The Safdie brothers are known for their anxiety-inducing films, and Uncut Gems follows that tradition. It's definitely a movie meant to be divisive. At several points during the film, all a viewer wants is to yell "shut up" to everyone on screen. The frenetic pacing, the overwhelming dialogue, and the loud score serve as both praise and criticism.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler gives a career-best performance, but the narrative never quite grabbed me, being too repetitive and possessing a predictable yet impactful ending.<br/><br/>Rating: B By far Adam Sandler best work to date, my eyes couldn't leave the screen for a second, intense as hell. You might need beta blockers to watch this it is hard work and STRESSFULL! Sander is v good tho. "Uncut Gems" is about Adam Sandler's character, who is into a lot of dirty business and because of that he gets in trouble and by trying to solve the situation he worsens it. The main character is very unlikable because he is an a**hole with the people around him and all he cares about is his richness and his personal pleasure. But the movie does a good job because it makes easier to root for him despite disliking him. So the movie is thrilling because you see this man who is getting in worse trouble every time he moves and you are interested in knowing if and how he will come out of the situation. The main reason this movie got this popular is the performance by Adam Sandler and I can confirm that I agree with all the praises: he was great in "Uncut Gems". Indeed except for the very beginning, his character is in every scene and Sandler is able to be always credible and in part. And an honourable mention to the great Kevin Garnett who gives a good performance and it isn't always the case with former athletes.
"Uncut Gems" is a descent into hell getting deeper and deeper, but there's a chance to get out of it? I'll let you discover the answer by yourself! This movie has a lot going for it. But all that is for nothing, as it commits one of the cardinal sins of feature film making. It has not one single likeable character. If I wanted to watch the miserable lives of a bunch of sleaze balls, I would put on a real life documentary. For me, all the best crime dramas have some appeal. Even in some of the dirtiest characters there is still some charm. Not here sadly. I ain't get the high rates. It's mostly weird and shouting without any need. 5 stars for production and screenplay. Plot is boring and you know how it ends. Really cannot recommend that movie! Was really expecting something special from Uncut Gems. Reviews had used words like 'insane' and 'relentless' but now I realise that was not in a good way. I found it impossible to care what happened to anyone in this movie, as all were equally repulsive. The only point of interest for me was Kevin Garnett, who notably good playing himself. Interesting film but not the happy ending I expected ...but I kind of just enjoyed it. The soundtrack is dumb, yes, but the movie as a whole is different in good and bad ways: confusing, stressful, tiring...but Adam did a good job. I wish we could see him more outside of his comedy roles. This movie really IS an uncut gem, all the characters too, the film itself delivers a nice story but they given a lot more attention to a Celtics ball game, you feel mercy for Adam Sandler's character but nothing more than that, he's doing way too much Netflix low budget films just to make ends meet (I think) but he was the leading act of this film and he really deserves the credit he was applaud for, and when his character died at the late peak of the film, it kind of disappointed me for couple of reasons:
1. He was the leading character of the story
2. It feels like a lazy writing for an end: "nah, just kill him"
3. They could've done a better sad ending so there's an ACTUAL REASON to kill his character
Also I'm not a big sports fan but I really wanted to see the Celtics win the game at the end of the film! Like I said, the film does give a heavier attention to the basketball game that overshadowing the characters and you wonder if the film is about basketball or about sport betting and the dangers of it or even about a jewlry maker with mid-life crisis.
I did stick to the end of it, just out fo curiosity, as I write this I now truly understand why it got the title it is given but still, they could've done it better to persuade me. To be honest this is one of those movies that i cant really say if liked it or hated it !! I just cant.
I mean The chaos in this movie messed me up . I was trying to keep up with every seen , and trying to understand what i could, and once i got the idea and want to see more .. baam the guy is dead the movie ends!!! This is the most frustrating & stressful movie I've ever watched ,, it was kinds gripping tho! The opening 20 minutes is full of dialogue. But unlike your average Tarantino movie, this dialogue is loud, fast and above all, utterly pointless. Without subtitles you struggle to keep up with what's going on, who's who, who wants what and who's doing what. It's just a complete mess.
It eventually calms down and we start to learn a bit more about Sandler's character and his life. Unfortunately Sandler's character is not very likeable and you end up not caring about his journey or outcome and are instead gripped by some of the other characters.
There are a few tense moments but it isn't enough to save this ultimate mess of a film. Having endured the film for over 2 hours the ending leaves you feeling quite disappointed and wondering what the point of all of it was.
Contrary to some reports, Sandler's performance is not worthy of an oscar nomination. There will be far better films and performances to grace our screens this year. I didn't have high expectations going into this film but I came out somewhat impressed. The movie has the ability to keep everyone tense for its entirety and it took one risk in particular that earned my respect. You can literally skip a couple scenes (probably around 30 minutes in total) and you would still understand the movie It's been a long time since I have seen a film that I have felt so hyped about. Adam Sandler's character is something else. Brilliant film. The first half was just total chaos and confusion and people screaming in every single scene. My dad couldn't handle it anymore, said it was "annoying", and left. I nearly followed.<br/><br/>However, things started to make more sense and slow down and it seems like there was an actual storyline you can follow in the final half.<br/><br/>It's like how I write my essays, first half is terrible and very messy. While the second half is focused and clear. This film is fast paced and intense. My heart beat almost as fast as the film went. Baffled. Amazing. Great performance Adam Sandler... the movie appeared random on Netflix.. didn t want to see a movie with Adam Sandler knowing his on comedies but his character in the movie and his acting is 10 plus First of all I liked the ending it was very thrilling. While I watching it I can't sit because of the excitement.
But first part and middle of the film don't have a tempo. It can be very slow at some parts.
At first part there was a music that never stops. That was very unbearable.
I love actings. Adam Sandler was great. Howard Ratner is a gambler in everything - his business, his bets, his relationships. He's a risk-taker; one with a scoreboard featuring more losses than wins. How do you expect Sandler to pull off such a layered character? We haven't seen him do solid work in a good while. His memorable films include Punch Drunk Love (2002) and Reign Over Me (2007), both of which came out more than a decade ago. But surprise! Not only does Sandler come off with flying colors in portraying Howard, he even manages to make viewers empathize with a cheating husband, a gambling addict, and a risk-taking businessman.<br/><br/>A good amount of credit inevitably goes to the Safdie Brothers as well - the screenplay is a slow-burn (yet a-mile-a-minute) in the sense that it wants viewers to understand the different nuances of Howard's life. On one hand, he is a jeweler trying to make it big, there are loan sharks after him (including his own brother-in-law Arno), his equation with his wife is a total mess due to obvious reasons, and the only one who offers him an iota of respect in his own household is his older son Eddie owing to their mutual love for the NBA.<br/><br/>The Safdies also offer interesting insights into the professional and personal lives of Jewish businessmen in New York. There are a few tense, anxiety-inducing scenes but the best thing about them is that they feel organic and situational. Uncut Gems barely goes over-the-top in its proceedings even when the storyline-stakes are high and somewhat superficial. It wouldn't be hard to say that this is a Sandler performance that you'll remember for a long while, considering how repetitive and boring all his recent 'comedies' turned out to be. He gives Howard his all, and then some!<br/><br/>Kevin Garnett is in the movie a lot more than you'd expect, and how he gets embroiled in Howard's chaotic life is very interestingly written. The cinematography work by Darius Khondji (The Lost City of Z) is excellent; he attributes a 35mm color palette and a grainy texture to the film's 2012 New York setting. The film serves a rollercoaster of emotions and therefore its leading man, its fiery screenplay, and the cinematography.. all of it is best served uncut. I'll start off by saying I'm not a Sandler fan, but his performance in Uncut Gems was fantastic as a fast talking, quick thinking, jewellery dealer and degenerate gambler. The pace of the movie is chaotic, it's loud, it's 200 mph. It does keep you guessing up to a point, but that's where I started to feel short changed.<br/><br/>We meet a lot of characters throughout the film, we start to engage with them, figure out their modus operandi, but that's as far as it goes...people you think are going to be crucial to the plot drift away. I was constantly looking for a twist, a reason for some of the characters and the possible plot lines, but in reality they all amount to pretty much nothing, so much so I do wonder if the movie was written with different endings and only decided upon near the end of filming.<br/><br/>All in all I'm pleased I watched it but it left me feeling cheated and I would never consider watching it again. There has been a lot of love for Uncut Gems since it's release on Netflix. Perhaps it's because it's Adam Sandler playing a serious role for once and not another terrible comedy for which he's so famous for? . Although this slightly raised my respect for Sandler ( it's not hard ) it raised my blood pressure much more because this movie is absolutely manic and not in a particularly good way .<br/><br/>
Sandler plays Howard Ratner , a New York City jeweler always on the lookout to make big money . Ratner makes a series of confusing ( in my mind ) basketball bets that could lead to big winnings but he has to tackle business, family, and encroaching adversaries on all sides, in his relentless pursuit of the ultimate win.<br/><br/>This movie is pure chaos . It's relentless from the very first minute . The dialogue is fired out like machine gun bullets and is accompanied by a head ache inducing score but it's not all bad .<br/><br/>Sandler puts in his best performance for many years and is accompanied by the beautiful Julia Fox , who I was really impressed with but it's not enough for me to buy into the admiration this film has been getting .<br/><br/>There have also been plenty of people complaining that this wasn't nominated for an Oscar but in my opinion the Academy got that decision spot on.<br/><br/>Now excuse me as I feel like I need a lie down ! Absolutely fantastic film, from the music to the incredibly unique visuals. Every actor brings their A-Game into developing colorful and deep characters especially Adam Sandler, whose performance shines throughout the film. The film is a breath of fresh air from the usual Hollywood crap with stunning cinematography and masterful camera shots. It's truly a beautiful looking film. The pacing is great as we see Howard struggle to solve problem after problem, constantly digging a hole for himself. My God that ending... absolutely incredible. It will place you at the edge of your seat. The only thing I wasn't particularly a fan of was the opening scene, I understand it provided the origin for the gem and showcased how dangerous it was but it felt extremely out of place and the scene where Howard is having dinner for a Jewish ceremony, again it didn't really mesh well with the films pacing and slowed it down quite a bit. However the film is a must watch. Fantastic performance by Sandler and another magnificent movie by the Safdie brothers. I have no idea what this movie was. I'm just gonna appreciate the silence of my room for a while now. Basically 2 hours of Adam Sandler shouting the F word at people and having it shouted back at him. How is it even possible that adam motherfu**in sandler didn't get an oscar nominee for this incredible performance! This movie is pure gold, play with your feel always, in every scene of the movie you have anguish for him, for his situation for his problems and that is everything that you need because you enter in the movie all time. Adam Sandler made a big actuation in this movie, is he the best!! Every people in the movie were excellent!! And the final is a BIG surprise, let you with your brain flying like WTF BROW? The best movie. Give them a Oscar. Adam Sandler is not a good dramatic actor. In fact, I may be biased because I do not even like Adam Sandler's movies. The thing is, he thinks that an actor to be dramatic has to shout and maybe that's the reason his character fits him well. The movie is stressful and his character is annoying. Saw this and did t think it was as good as everyone is ranting about. Its pretty much just a bunch of jewish people screaming and yelling about money.
adam sandler was good in it acting wise.
The ending was ver poor imo. Its a dark movie , not an action movie .
Adam Sandler proves that is a good actor. ...but why the high scores in Metacritics? I mean: it is an OK movie with a thrilling story but it's definitely not epic. The adrenaline rush thing that happened, and me and my friend we both could not cope with it when it went into this trance like feel. The chatterbox he was, the movie was like a monologue. All I can remember now is his face. Directed by Paul Thomas Anderson who also directed There will be blood, The Master and Boogie nights to name a few, Sandler is fantastic as the put upon little guy. When he pushes himself he's an amazing actor. Uncut Gems is like having a panic attack. It's frantic, unpredictable, exhausting, anxious, paranoid, visceral, and I still don't know if I can say I actually enjoyed the actual movie. I can admire it and its effectiveness at putting the viewer in the world of Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler), a middle-aged jeweler that owes money to every shady human in New York City, though I don't know if I want to step back into this mucky world of crime, losers, and lowlifes. It's 2012, and Howard has procured a rare gemstone from Ethiopia and considers this his big score, which is important considering he keeps taking on more debts to pay off the last debts to angry, violent men. Basketball star Kevin Garnett, playing himself surprisingly well, visits the shop and is obsessed with the gem and the mythic power he feels it offers him. Howard agrees to allow the NBA star to borrow the gem, and from there Uncut Gems is a nonstop descent into chaos, with creditors, auction houses, family members, mistresses, and every goon in the tri-state area colliding with Howard as he spins desperate deals, escapes, and anything he can to attain that big score. The Safdie brothers, a writing/directing pair, made a big splash with 2017's gloriously thrilling Good Time, a movie that was as brilliantly streamlined and direct as this new one is deliberately sloppy. It feels like one plot event crashing into another, with characters speaking over one another, a throbbing score constantly in your ear, and with claustrophobic camerawork and grimy lighting. You feel like you're experiencing the constant rush of anxiety of Howard, and it's very potent, but the movie can also feel repetitive. There's so much happening all the time that it can feel less like things are escalating worse than things are just still happening. There are stellar sequences, in particular the later act with an auction and pulling off an escape leading to a very complicated high-risk-high-reward bet, but the movie's sloppiness and overlapping nature also makes it feel smothering. Sandler is superb as an adrenaline junkie seeking his next fix, a self-destructive gambler who knows he can never be satisfied. With Sandler's able assist, Howard has an offbeat charm that makes you listen when you should be punching him in the nose. Without Sandler and his live-wire performance, you probably wouldn't care what happens to this mess of a man. Julia Fox plays Howard's mistress and she's a real discovery. This is her film debut and it certainly won't be her last. She's more than a pretty face and finds a screwball sweetness to her relationship with her boss, enough so that you think she may actually love Howard for real, in her own way. Uncut Gems is also shockingly unsentimental about its characters and what befalls them. You may laugh, you may gasp, but you'll be surprised one way or another. The Safdie brothers continue to solidify themselves as some of the most exciting filmmakers working in the thriller genre. I'll still prefer Good Time and a scuzzy Robert Pattinson to a scuzzy, bruised, beaten, and always-smiling Sandler, but Uncut Gems is two hours of collective adrenaline spikes. I guess from now on, I love rocks and basketball.
Also I can't find my glasses It's amazing how upsetting this film made me feel. I couldn't stand it, and I think it's completely as the film intended. The soundtrack makes you feel like you're watching Bladerunner set in 2012.<br/><br/>The constant hype and high tension is absolutely INTEGRAL to the theme of the story. It's all about the rush, it's all about taking a gamble, saying  you to the people betting AGAINST you and feeling every second of it. I see a great movie; that completely blew me away. Wasn't predictable, but also wasn't deliberately "subverting expectations" which appears to be one of the many failed trends and ideas currently infecting Hollywood (Ricky summed it up nicely for us all).<br/><br/>I come to imdb; See what other people thought about. Wasn't going to give a review, then I see 1 star reviews. I'm like, eh it's probably an 7 or an 8, but what's a 10? Does such a movie exist?
Then again, does a 1 star movie actually really even exist?<br/><br/>This is a roller coaster on all levels. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Was always a fan of Sandler and this role was made for him to excel with. Watch the movie, enjoy it, but don't forget to breathe.<br/><br/>10/10 - But really a "whatever who cares about ratings anymore" 7/10 Just saw this on Netflix, and it is a pretty good film. There really is an uncut gem, and it serves as a Macguffin for the movie, the story revolves around it when it came to the life of Adam Sandler's character.<br/><br/>Sandler here plays a Jewish Businessman who is always taking some sort of gamble, some sort of risk, always living on the edge, and that's what make the movie work, there always some twist or thrill just right around the corner.<br/><br/>To me it is also about Greed, Sandler already has a good business going and yet he is still willing to bet it all to get more, much more. Sandler carried the movie most of the time, and he does it very well, no wonder all this talk about him getting an Oscars Award.<br/><br/>But then again he's playing a role tats not him, so it seems he is just playing his natural self. Anyway, pretty entertaining and a Must See for me. I can't relate at all to the high ratings. Only 5 minutes into the movie i wanted to turn it off. It's very chaotic but not in an enjoying way, and the backgroundmusic would have fitted more in a othermovie. I kept on watching because of the high ratings but i never really got into it. I wasn't drawn into the movie, did not wan't to know what was going to happen next and none of the characters are likelible or relatable. The ending wasn't a big wow factor either. If i have to say one good thing about the movie is that it was nice to see Adam Sandler playing a completely different roll for a change. The character was really annoying, which he was supposed to be. But sadly i did not feel sorry for him once or loved him because you hate him. Which i do think was the point in his character. He was just very annoying, just like the rest of the movie. This move annoyed me to the core. The characters are annoying, and I can't believe that people really behave this way in real life.<br/><br/>I have family in this business, and they don't behave this way.<br/><br/>Meh. I am not a big fan of Adam Sandler. I thought the best thing he ever did before this film was The Wedding Singer. I really bought his character in that film. But in this film, he scales heights I never thought he could achieve. He should be nominated for Best Actor (and win). Comedians often make good actors (Tom Hanks, Jackie Gleason, etc.). But Sandler is on overdrive in this one as a gems dealer who cannot control his life or environment. He overplays his hand.
This is a realistic film that is shot in a frantic style that matches the demands of New York business. I knew guys like this (Mr. Mint comes to mind). I think Sandler has a good chance at the oscar. In terms of entertainment value, this ticks all the boxes. A fantastic score accompanies a meticulously well crafted script as Sandman gives an incredible energy to Howard with a career best performance.<br/><br/>Much like the Safdie's earlier work, your heart is in your mouth for 90% of the film, with few opportunities to take in what you're going through. I say going through, as throughout, Howard's stress is forced upon the audience through the combination of heart pumping sound, dizzy camera movement and fantastically delivered dialogue.<br/><br/>It took me a good hour to return to normal after I came out of this movie. If you haven't already, go and see it. If you're accustomed to the typical Sandler comedies then this will surprise you, hopefully in a good way. I've never been much of a Sandler fan, but I did like a couple of his movies when I was in junior high. They are formulaic and I always found his comedy kind of weird with that goofy voice he did and acting like an idiot. He is dynamic in this movie, however, and the film draws you in and doesn't let go. Maybe he's realizing that he's in his 50s and it's time to be a real actor and do good movies. Just know going in that it's pretty intense and graphic. It may be close to setting a record for the F-word and there's a fairly graphic foreplay scene. Not for kids. That was the craziest movie! How did they stay so crazy through the whole thing? It was terrible! It was loud! It was sad! It was ridiculous! Insane! Everybody was crazy! Thugs! Gangsters! Family! Money! Basketball? Gambling! Addiction... Poor life choices! Adam Sandler gone insane over a creepy 80s synthesizer score from Drive with Ryan Gosling. The direction is great, Adam Sandler is 10/10, only thing that I didn't like was the soundtrack, it just didn't fit at all. But this is a film that is worth a repeat viewing. I think Adam Sandler's performance in this film is great, but the film was way too hard to follow. It seemed like every scene I had to focus like I was taking a math exam just to figure out what was going on. Everyone was talking at the same time, constant yelling, and the music made for this film actually hurt my ears. Seems like this movie would have been very good as a sequel of some sort, movie started in a really weird place with unnecessary footage. We were introduced to characters without background and a plot that build up only on the idea that Howie was in some serious trouble, and he had to pay his debt.. Anyhow, through the beginning and end, all the movie was a bunch of yelling and yelling... Let me tell you though, the acting was really good, very very good. Not worthy of an oscar because Joker will be taking that.<br/><br/>Anyhow, very decent to watch. Not horrible at all, I think 6.5 would be a good estimate for this movie. Possibly 7 I sensed an intention of magnifying the recklessness of Jewish people over money. Or was I wrong ? My goodness. I didn't think anything would top the swearing in "Casino", but I guess I was wrong.<br/><br/>I don't think my heart could take living for five minutes like the characters in this movie live. It's frantic. All. The. Time. If this is a peek into something approaching a real life, all I can say is "Good luck".<br/><br/>I did enjoy the movie, but I did find it hard to root for Sandler's character to succeed. Not very many folks you wanted to see emerge victorious in this one.
This doesn't mean this was a bad movie. I'm just suggesting that you go in understanding that there isn't much to like in regards to the characters.<br/><br/>I will admit that the near-to-the-end scene involving a bet on a game did have me on the edge of my seat. Uncut Gems is loud chaotic hysteria, matching the New Years Eve party hostility that was breaking out into my street.<br/><br/>However, it comes home strong providing joy in the madness. Solid performances all round, nothing exceptional. Thinking about the film makes me laugh, so I can overlook some of its flaws. Saw this last night after seeing the good reviews on IMDb and rotten tomatoes. Definitely feel like I was swindled. It was alright. I would only recommend this if you want to go feel depressed for 2hrs. The user reviews on rotten tomatoes is more in line with reality "Uncut Gems" has been marketed as a high pace, sports-centered thriller detailing the exploits of a sleezy con man always looking for a big score. It delivers on all fronts, while still preserving the same arthouse style that the Safdie's demonstrated in their 2017 film "Good Time." Gems will satisfy the casual movie-goer looking for an entertaining flick with an actor they're comfortable with watching. It also packs a loaded punch of indelible performances and fast-pace moments that are unforgettable for cinephile types. Bring your sports loving dad or your theater major cousin, both will get something out of this movie in large part because of the performances from Sandler and former NBA big man Kevin Garnett.
Gems is one of the more memorable movies of the year because of Sandler's strikingly authentic portrayal of a New York hustler jeweler. Sandlers often gets over-looked for his acting chops. In fairness he did make "Little Nicky" and "Jack and Jill" so it's understandable to knock him as a perfectionist of his craft. However, he had a dick-swinging performance in "Punch Drunk Love" that doesn't get near enough credit, and in Gems Sandler reminds us. In addition, the movie packs a thoughtful soundtrack that augments the interesting looks into existentialism and philosophies about individual success and struggle detailed in the movie. I'm looking forward to whatever the Safdie brothers make next, and with the backing of movie industry big guns, like executive producer Martin Scorsese, I'm sure they'll get plenty more opportunities. Uncut gems is raw, and that's how the Sadfie brothers do it. That same vibe as their last movie they did with Robert Patterson, Good Time. The movie that somehow proves Mr. twilight can be the dark knight. I'll say this, the Sadfie brothers did get some good acting out of Patterson and they just did the same for Sandler. This will be a career highlight. I guess the Water Boy will have to move down on the list.
It's a long ride but extremely worth it. SPOILERS! I spent 2 hours anxious for a character I didn't like, and when I was finally rooting for him to win his final big bet they unceremoniously kill him. I don't know what purpose that served other than needless "angst". Try a little less hard to be "gritty" and tell an interesting story. This movie is a crime against humanity. Please destroy all copies of this movie, for future generations must not be subjected to such torture. It's cruel and inhumane. What an absolute mess of a script and
Production. Why do directors believe that adding in the F word every other sentence enhances a movie, "it's for authenticity" I hear you cry. BUT it never makes the successful journey from script and actor to audience and degrades to a meaningless repetitive vibe. I'm not adverse to a few F words now and again, and indeed have been known to use them of course, but I've never watched a movie and concluded that it could be great if only the director had thrown in more F words!<br/><br/>Forget this movie, not worth wasting a couple of hours on. What had potential turned out to be a horrific movie. Adam Sandler, I don't get how this movie got an 8 average rating. This movie feels so rushed and you are a terrible actor. I really don't enjoy your movies at all. You are really bad. I hate your acting and voice so much. Ahhhhhh vomit. If you've ever wondered what might happen to you if you keep a hitman locked in a jewelry store vestibule while you wait out the result of a basketball game on which you've bet big money....."Uncut Gems" will give you one possible outcome.<br/><br/>Let me be clear that I have never liked Adam Sandler. Not in one single thing. In fact, I've quite reviled him for most of his career. He's easily one of the top five actors who I would like to see punched in the face. But I'd like to think I can approach movies and performances with an open mind and give credit where credit is due. And holy moly, please nominate Sandler for an Oscar!<br/><br/>He plays Howard, proprietor of a jewelry store in the Diamond District of New York City, who has a problem. Or rather, several problems. Namely that he makes terrible decisions and gets himself in way over his head with loan sharks, women, auction houses, and just about every conceivable person or thing you can get in over your head with. He's the kind of guy who owes money to criminals, finds a way to actually make the money he needs to pay them off, but then instead of paying them off decides to bet that money on a "sure thing" in order to make even more money, thinking this will somehow make the criminals happy, when really all they wanted was the money they were owed in the first place, but who then end up getting nothing because Howard finds some way to mess up his "sure thing." The movie is one sweaty clenched muscle of suspense, moving at a breathtaking pace. If you've seen a Safdie Brothers movie in the past you know what you're in for, but if you haven't, think of a scene from a Robert Altman movie -- the frame stuffed with tons of people all doing something separate from each other and all talking at the same time -- and then stab it with the adrenaline shot John Travolta sticks into Uma Thurman's heart in "Pulp Fiction." That will give you some idea what to expect.<br/><br/>In addition to Sandler, Idina Menzel and Julia Fox deliver terrific work as Howard's wife and mistress, respectively, and can I just give a shout out to Lakeith Stanfield, who, like Robert Pattinson, seems contractually obligated to appear in literally every movie released in 2019 and is really good in all of them.<br/><br/>"Uncut Gems" is actually a total downer of a movie, but then why did I leave the theater on such a high? As the lady behind me said, "It was gnarly good." I'm with you, sister.<br/><br/>Grade: A+ I love Adam Sandler and almost everything he does until now. I walked out of this film. Maybe it is real, but it was just too much. It is loud and the characters are extremely annoying. I do not recommend! The saftdie brothers have created a new genre of film. It's called stress
I loved it! Adam Sandler has always annoyed me in films but for some reason in this I really did enjoy it! It almost feels like a Steve carrell in the foxcatcher performance he changed completely and took on the role and I prefer him so much doing something serious for once! But this movie really puts you on edge. If you like crime / gang movies watch this! It's enjoyable This is what you get when you put two hungry talented brother directors, with an incredible script, Adam Sandlers best performance to date , and an awesome score and soundtrack. I was fortunate to see at the NYC premiere preview screening and from start to finish I was riveted by the sheer pace and ever escalating mania that is this film. This film undoubtedly will get well deserved Oscar nods. Can't think of a better film I've seen this year. It's that emotive and visceral. Run out and see this. This is a messy movie, the story doesn't attract viewers at all One of the worst movies I've seen in awhile. I couldn't even finish watching it. I've never been more glad to see the "protagonist" get shot in the head at the end of a movie. Finally, a brief respite from the layers and layers of incessant jabber that fill this movie. Sandler's is only the loudest of the many actors who talk too often and too aimlessly throughout. Dinah gets it right when she says, "I think you're the most annoying person I've ever met in my life." In many ways, this movie feels like a microcosm of Sandler's career: a few highlights, and a lot of meaningless noise in between, a series of gambles that pay off financially, but with Sandler exposed as an annoying monster by the end. A movie that literally begins deep inside Adam Sandler's backside (during a colonoscopy), UNCUT GEMS has provided Sandler... as a jeweler in debt from reckless gambling... accolades for a different kind of performance...<br/><br/>And while not another goofy Happy Madison production, his "Screaming Guy" routine is nothing new... sans the soft-spoken baby talk before the inevitable Nirvana-like shift from clean to distorted loudness occurs...<br/><br/>For the most part, GEMS is a gritty New York City arthouse flick that never intentionally settles into one place comfortably; and a frantic, neurotic, fast-talking Sandler has its moments...<br/><br/>The problem is that the directors - throwing in too many characters and an annoying, intrusive score - keep trying to out-frantic their leading man, making it tough if impossible to know what's going on, or why.<br/><br/>Unlike the far superior, equally artistic PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE, the man simply gets lost in the shuffle. I really don't have a clue what people see in this movie. It is terrible. I have no problem with the acting and Adam Sanford playing a different type of role but the storyline is just a lot of people yelling throughout the film with not a lot of substance. The camera shots are strange and confusing at times. You don't care what happens to the characters. There is really nothing appealing about this film. You keep waiting for something to get a bit better but it never happens. If you want to waste two hours of your life then watch this film. The first 11 minutes are basically unwatchable. I could scarcely make out anything anyone was saying because the backing track was so loud and chaotic. The bits I could understand were just shouting and too annoying to listen to.<br/><br/>I think I only made it about 8 minutes in before skipping forward to see if this noise was just the intro and when it would end because it was already giving me a headache.<br/><br/>The bit right after the 11 minute mark when the music finally stopped was just shouting too so I did a cursory skip through the film to see if it was worth watching but I kept finding muffled dialogue, shouting and yet more intrusive music. So I basically just gave up.<br/><br/>Yes this may not be a fair review of the film but it was enough for me to know that I simply will not be able to watch it without getting a migraine. It is at least comforting to see that many other people had issues with the audio too because for a moment there I thought my hearing was messed up. I lost 2 hours of my life for this bad movie.
Bad acting...whole film is about shouting, fake emotions, and stupidity. What a useless movie. What is the point? I have never ever watched so stupid movie. I am stunned how bad it is. Wow!
I do not recomend anyone to lose 2 hours of their life to watch this movie The music. The loud conversations. The bad acting. The writing. Which one do I start with? All of it. It's awful. Don't waste your time. I'm living through a pandemic and this wasted valuable screen time that could've been spent watching anything -literally anything- else. A lot of crap really. Not worth the 2 plus hours it runs at. I think i'd prefer sticking a fork in my eye Not worth the number of reviews which suggests it was watched because of hype that only Jewish or Italian movies recieve I'm not really sure what to write... But the high rating lured me to watch this movie. The plot bored me. The characters didn't catch my attention at all. Big disappointment. Right after it reached a certain spot where at least three other separate households I know of turned it off, so did we.
Three viewers in the house, nobody protested turning it off.
Muddled film making of everyone talking either over each other, or one side of a cell phone conversation.
All to watch a cast of characters each more unlikable and less winning than the next.
Sandler is not the problem, he's very believable in his role, whaddya know, he can act.
It's a shame that he, and everyone else in this hard to pay attention to, unappealing film have so little good stuff to work with to keep a viewers interest. Every writer without a coke/adrenochrome addiction has left the city. Could the smelly bunts in this town write a happy ending movie if someone held a gun to their kids' head? Absolutely not, the entire miserable bunch of them should get on a boat and go be miserable together out in the Pacific while someone sinks it. What a fragging joke. I am surprised Adam agreed to do this. What a piece of drek. This film was just awful, it didn't have a story that anybody understood, everybody was shouting over each other, there was characters in the film were your just assumed to know who they are.<br/><br/>Just don't waste your time watching it This movie ruined my whole night, pointless and not a single moment where you don't feel annoyed. I really wanted to watch this. Rave reviews about Sandler's performance etc, but I had to give up, it was giving me a headache. Constant people talking over each other and the relentless score was unbearable. It may be a good film, but I had enough after 30 minutes. I'm willing to go as far as to say that this was THE MOVIE of a decade.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler's performance was astonishing. The movie itself kept me on edge the entire time - you simply could not anticipate a single thing. The ending was a bit shocking and no one could see it coming.<br/><br/>I absolutely love how unique and remarkable this movie is. A true masterpiece. There is absolutely nothing close to this movie out there; a class of its own. A must watch for the true cinema fans out there. Adam Sandler please go back for comedy's...that movie was boring and annoying thank god they killed him ar the end..really he was annoying and noisy. Watched the first 30 minutes...what a waste of my time...it is complete and utter rubbish There was a thin spindle of narrative that kept me interested enough to make it to the end; other than that it was 2 hours of constant noise and shouting. Very difficult to watch. Noise and more noise, kept waiting for the story to start and nothing happend. Sandler is good, the movie is a total waste of everyone's time. Go watch something better. The movie was too slow and mostly boring.
Maybe I was too hyped up for the movie, idk, but I got disappointed. I was hyped for this movie, as I read a lot of good reviews about it, specifically about Adam Sandlers performance. I had previously liked him in Punch-Drunk Love, and he does give a good performance here.
It is competently put together, BUT not at all enjoyable to watch (for me personally). There you have this guy, who is hustling the entire movie, with some unpleasant people after him, just so he can get shot, right as he gets the money.<br/><br/>Watching this movie was a very stressful, and ultimately pointless experience.<br/><br/>P.S. I thought, the score did not fit the movie well. Asides from a brilliant performance from Robert Pattinson, I was not a fan of Good Times at all. So I'm happy to report the directors sophomore effort is miles better.
Uncut Gems truly is electrifying from start to finish. It really is an anxiety filled film in the best way possible. That helps due to the directors brilliant style, the writing and the performances particularly from Adam Sandler.
Adam Sandler gives his best performance by far. He really made this film. He is character so well done, he is scumbag but you kind of root for the guy. That was really well handled. Everyone was terrific as well. The constant arguing and shunting really works well here, it's brilliantly done to the point where it is frustrating (not in a bad way)<br/><br/>It is so rare we get a film like this, I genuinely done have any flaws. It's an impressively stylistic film which holds your interest constantly throughout leaving you relived once it is over. The ending was really unexpected and I really like it when a film does that.<br/><br/>Definitely one of the best films of 2019 Adam Sandler did an excellent job in this movie.I think alot of people judged the movie without even watching it.the ending This is the only dramatic performance by Adam Sandler I've enjoyed. The suspense was killing me and I was hooked. An antihero on the level of Tony Soprano it was not but I believed it. Annoying as his character was the scale tipped toward rooting for him when the method to the madness was revealed. This movie is a case study of right and wrong and how far someone can stray from reality. After watching this movie for the first time, I was honestly really confused with everything that had just happened before my eyes, but I was so bought into the film as a result of Sandler's great performance and the compelling story behind it<br/><br/>
Best movie of 2019 period Not a big Adam Sandler fan to start with, but this dreck sealed the deal. I am thoroughly disgusted that anyone can make a movie that bad and still take in $40 Million. Must be the hype and the bought-and-paid-for reviews. So glad he died in the end ... KILLing his skum-bag relative was also nice. Too bad the ho ended up with the money, but better than the loan shark's muscle taking it. I am partly pleased to have endured the entire puke fest, can they KILL that talent-less jerk twice? The story of this movie is not bad, but the constant shouting, with multiple persons talking at the same level simultaneously, while an annoying soundtrack blasted....made for over 2 hours of being annoyed.
I get that sometimes stress would want to be introduced to a scene, but give the audience a break.
If you ever watch this on rental, turn off the volume and turn on subtitkes From the start of the movie, its easy to pick up that this is going to be a fast paced one. It's chaos wrapped with anxious moments. The Adam Sandler in this movie is more of the Adam Sandler in Punch Drunk Love, and that's great.
Great story that moves along quickly.
 Hiw is this getting higher stars. Everyone I know including me who saw this thought it was a pile of garbage. What a worthless waist of time. I think this is the best movie all year in my opinion and one of the best thrillers I have ever seen it has a very interesting story and Adam Sandler best performance, the movie never stops moving it always has your heart beating and it makes you feel for Adam Sandler character I promise you will say "Why are doing that you idiot" through out the whole movie you will say that, the film makes you like him, makes you care for him so I highly recommend this movie, this film got my heart beating more than A high budget action movie so please watch this film it's worth every penny I enjoyed this film. The score and the screenplay made me feel like I was there. I felt like it was my $, Howie was playing with. I rolled my eyes a couple of times but realized I was set up for the surprise ending. Worth a watch. Especially appealing to the movie goer who knows anything about sports betting, the jewelry biz or if you're Jewish. As good as Reign Over Me. 8.5/10 This is really a must-watch, and now one of my favorite movies of all time. The whole thing is done masterfully, and Sandler's performance, just wow. I figured a lot of people are iffy about Adam Sandler and this wouldn't suffer from an over-rating if it did do well, and I was right. This film deserves all of its praise. I loved Adam Sandler performance it's his best movie so far Hurrah for the Safdies, there are still great filmmakers out there. I thought that it is a remarkable movie with a unique NYC story and a script that is not to homogenized for a change. I liked every aspect of it from its pace, intensity, photography, the soundtrack, the fact that it had no CGI in it and that it was shot entirely on film. I would give it a 10.<br/><br/>I look forward to seeing it again and, again. Lots of shouting. Lots of black versus jews. And its, well, hysterical. Not in a good way it must be said. Trying to enjoy, but it is hard. Load of rubbish. More inane drivel for rabid Sandler fans to lap up from the toilet bowl it was spawned in. This movie stressed me the out! It was fast paced and well made. I like the 80s 70s feel to it. But seriously Adam Sandler up for any kind of award for this is crazy he still acts like Adam Sandler. Loud and still the same act. The ending is quite unexpected but Wrigley underwhelming . I don't understand why there are such bad reviews for this film. I will say that I had higher expectations for Adam Sandler's character but his performance was great. There are many frantic scenes but they work. I found myself slightly anxious at times; This only speaks to it's effectiveness. I connected with the main character and was rooting for him the whole way. It just shows when Adam Sandler steps away from his now very ordinary comedy film career what he is capable of.
He's excellent in this tense & engrossing film.
Only letdown is the terrible music which accompanies this film. It can be very distracting and is for the most part very annoying.
Great film though. Fair to say, Sandler's best for a while. Horrible movie -- let me count the ways: It's loud, obnoxious, crude, boring, tedious, repetitious, inane, and dumb. It's about a Jewish con man/gambler and that's all you need to know because the rest is just exhausting, pointless drivel. There is no point to this movie. The central character has no redeeming qualities at all: smart ass, bad father/husband, and his endless bouts with black customers and mob bosses is just a huge mess that is a waste of time. Horrible, horrible movie. I can't imagine what movie the complimentary critics were watching because it couldn't have been the same wretched mess I just tried to watch. It gave me a headache. Save yourself from this hideous production. I had never watched an Adam Sandler movie before and it won't happen again. Yuk!!! ... I have ever watched. Ever ...<br/><br/>That's the best I can say! Adam Sandler's performance is stunning, immersive and anxiety inducing. This type of phenomenal turn where the right part finds the right actor at the right time is rare.<br/><br/>Impossible not to acknowledge this as the best performance in years. Just wow. This movie is gripping from first till last. I enjoyed it. Felt like an Oscar worthy performance not just Sandler's but also from the other actors. Safdie brothers are the Uncut gems of this movie What an absolute masterpiece this film was. I really can't understand some of the low score reviews I'm seeing here. What expectations do you have for movies? I'm the first one to call out overrated films (The Irishman). This was absolutely not one of them. The film was gripping right from the start and was intense until the very end. Adam Sandler put on a performance I never thought he could. If you like thrilling or suspenseful movies, sports, or gambling, please do yourself a favor and watch this movie. I'll be seeing this in the theaters multiple times. Uncut Gems (2019)
10/10<br/><br/>"The Safdie Brothers know exactly what they're doing in this brilliant look at the crime world with a help from a wonderfully acted Adam Sandler."<br/><br/>2019 has had some excellent entries, most of them being A24 films, but none of which have made me feel on edge and shocked as Uncut Gems has. I cannot stress this enough when I say the Safdies might have created a masterpiece of sorts using their well known anxiety inducing strategies. The plot holds down very well by keeping itself contained just enough to tell the story comfortably, even if it goes a quicker pace than your average movie. The characters are never overblown and are used to their fullest potential, most notably Adam Sandler's character, Howard, who literally knocks it out of the park; a career defining performance. I say career defining because it's nice to see Sandler back in more serious roles, but this serious role of his takes the cake over Punch Drunk Love in my book. Another notable aspect here would be the score, which somehow turns the most dire of moods into a comforted way of viewing the intense moments that just happened onscreen; something out of an old 80s Sci-Fi movie. As far as endings go, this has to be one of the most nerve wracking sequences I have ever sat through. It's hard to predict what could come next because the possibilites are all laid out across the table. For assurance purposes, the film does wrap up perfectly.<br/><br/>Verdict: Uncut Gems is a film that will stick with you for the days that follow after watching it for the first time. If Adam Sandler doesn't get the buzz he deserves for this one, the true crime will be his snub. I've never wrote a review before for a movie on IMDb but I have to say wow. Adam Sandler absolutely shines in this film and he carried the movie the entire way through. This film is not for the light hearted and it's intense literally from start to finish. Uncut Gems comes to us from the incredibly talented Safdie brothers and this time follows Adam Sandler as the owner of a jewelry store who finds himself in a whirlwind of problems, debt and favors. It is one of the years very best and a fantastic performance for Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>When Adam Sandler does something other than his usual comedy outings he can be absolutely incredible and he proves himself in this film as he gives one of the best performances of the year. Sandler commands this film with an infectious performance and a character that is so slimy, so scummy and a terrible person, but Sandler manages to make you care about this guy. You hate seeing everything go wrong for him and you start to truly care.<br/><br/>The Safdie brothers style is in full force here with great cinematography and score that gets your blood pumping. It is sure to cause anxiety in its viewers as the pulsing beat pounds you throughout. The film also manages to have creative flares in terms of its cinematography especially with the "uncut gem" itself. Several times throughout the film we see a close up, a zoom into the inner workings of a gem. These moments are beautiful with colors that reminded me of the final moments of 2001: A Space Odyssey.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is a great film with a great performance from an unexpected place. I would love to see Sandler hang up the comedy hat and star in more films like these, because he truly is a force to be reckoned with! Adam Sandler deserved an award for his acting and making the most out of this trash. Otherwise it is quite possibly the worst movie I've finished in the last few years. If you don't mind 2-hours of F-bombs being screamed at you, then you may like this movie. Otherwise skip it. The Safdi brothers seem to pride themselves in putting out irrational nonsense and calling it a movie. I turned off their other effort "Good Time" after 25 minutes. The story could have been good, but the way they filmed it is awful. There isn't a single scene where someone isn't screaming obscenities into the camera. Ooooh, so cutting edge, so original. Or not, not at all...... The critics rating this highly are on crack. Sandler was great, but the rest of this dumpster fire needs to go away. If you like lots of screaming and despicable unworthy characters this is the movie for you Adam Sandler needs to stick to being the funny man. Its hard to take him seriously in any other type of roll. Two plus hours of shouting and trying to over emphasize the New York Jewish stereotype.<br/><br/>I felt like I was watching a NASCAR race with this movie just going in circles and alot of unneeded side stories. Like it had to be a certain length. NEWS FLASH!! IT WAS TO LONG!!<br/><br/>If I paid to see this movie in the theaters I would want to get my money back. I got the feeling that this was just any film that he had to complete in order to fulfill a NETFLIX obligations. After you watch the trailer stop there. You just saw the best parts of the movie and I saved you 2 hours.<br/><br/>If this movie was so spectacular to the critics as it says in the trailer then why didn't we see any promotional support behind the release? I just happened to stumble upon it while looking at things to watch. Thought I would take a chance. Lesson learned. It's difficult to understand who brought Sandler to to the movie screen. No acting abilities whatsoever, same mumbling Bs in any movie. This one is no different. Scenery is fake, characters are fake and no story line. Pretty pathetic comeback effort As the title really. I saw the reviews and got swept up in the hype. Ended up with a headache and wishing I had I trusted my general rule that Adam Sandler films are awful. Well that was 2 hours of my life I'm not getting back! I never turn off a film regardless of how bad it is, I give them all the same respect. This was definitely the worst one I've sat through in a long time and I've watched some trash! A bizarre film with not really much of a plot. I'd recommend if you've exhausted Netflix of anything worth watching and you have 2 hours to kill or need something to fall asleep to. Bad movie
Shouting and Speak loudly
there is no plot in this movie
It caused me headache 
My review 1 out of 10 Huge props to Adam Sandler .. what an amazing performance. And, I was only so-so on him before .. Opera Man, yes. Stand-up, yes. Some of his films, wasn't so interested. But this film and this performance .. 10/10. Well shot, well directed, with Sandler playing a complex character and hitting a huge home run. All the other actors were great too, not a weak performance in the film. Kept my attention throughout (over 2 hours). The story-line won't be what you remember, but the acting will. Just see it. A very ugly film with no character being even vaguely likeable. It's impossible to identify with any of the cartoon style stereotypes as they are all so unbelievable. I can't see why this has a high rating at all, the acting is so over the top it's laughable.
Filled with juvenile sex references and a dialogue so ugly it's sickening, this has to be the worst film I've seen in ages. Take a relatively simple story about a loser who desperately needs money, then inexplicably lends his ticket out to a basketball player. And make it like the viewer is on acid watching it. Director, cinematographer must have been doing a lot of day drinking on this one. A perfect film. It was so stressful the whole time. The end was so unexpected, absolutely amazing! Adam Sandler in the best role of his life. 98/100 This movie is a mess, I'm sure there was some point to opening with a colonoscopy unfortunately after 10 mins of being battered with a really incongruous 80's synth theme (odd given the time setting) skilfully mixed by 3 year old they picked up at nursery I had to give up and find something less painful to do like have my toenails pulled out.
I did however double my score to 2 stars just because Adam Sandler was trying to be something other then the gurning moron he has made a career out of.
Maybe I might get to see him do dramatic acting in something good but this isn't it. If you want a headache feel free to watch this garbage. Otherwise don't bother and you will do yourself a huge favour. I was high while watching the movie and it killed my high, that how bad it was. Sorry but constant yelling & cussing does not = good script writing or anything remotely worth spending time watching. I actually was interested to see the movie after watching the trailer but this "movie" doesn't remotely resemble the excitement or style the trailer portrays. A rambling mess which I gave up on after 30 minutes. Choose any other movie to watch at random and I guarantee you'll have a better experience. A very enjoyable 7.7 movie , great performances from all characters especially Sandlar his missus and his bit on the side. A type version of the Sting one of my all time favs , a lot a lot and I mean a lot of swearing of the effing type , I did agree with some the soundtrack was a bit overbearing but I accepted it was part of the nature of the location.
Well worth an evening visit to the flicks , but not an Oscar contender pour moi, not taking anything away from it .
Some good movies lately which is cool , Hollywood as awoke. This has to be the worst movie ever made. If you hate someone and want to torture them, then send them to watch this movie. Think of the worst movie you have ever seen in your life then times it by 100. That's how bad this movie is. If you were able to give negative stars it would be a -10. This movie appears to draw on real personalities, real situations of someone that has been in the Jewelry and or gambling industries. Not sure how else to explain the sheer genius and passion of this film. These characters stay with you and Sandler in the lead is so relatable that it almost feels like you are watching a slice of his actual life and that this is how his real life story plays out after SNL and comedy movies etc. This movie captures an essence ... it is like I was there experiencing this story in person. Just amazing. Great flim making and the camera just keeps rolling long after most scenes in movies break for the next scene...the camera rolls and rolls and you are left exhausted trying to figure out what could possibly happen next. A24 and the Safdie Brothers are on fire! I have never been so emotionally invested in a movie since Hereditary which is another A24 masterpiece. I'm so proud of Adam Sandler and the other actors. This movie is almost perfect. A couple reviews are saying that when the people are yelling over each other, its annoying and is bad acting. But in real life people yell over each other. Imagine if each character waited for each other to speak, how unrealistic and cheesy would that be. Other wise the safdie brothers did a fantastic job at making this entire movie a thrill ride! Definitely top 5 or maybe top 3 of 2019 Like most, I was shocked Adam Sandler had it in him to make such a movie. I felt empathy for his character, which I rarely feel in modern movies. For that alone he deserves an Oscar nomination.<br/><br/>Having lived there growing up, found the characters very believable. Was actually shocked at how good a job even Kevin Garnet did. The movie flowed well through all scenes.<br/><br/>Manhattan can often be a loud, fast moving, fast talking place where careers are won and lost in the blink of an eye. The movie captured that accurately. Wow I haven't seen a movie that had me on edge of my seat in a long time, this movie was stressful, anxiety filled, funny, action packed, and drama filled. Uncut gems delivers so much things that make this my favorite movie of this year. Adam Sandler wow this is his best performance of all time you don't even see Adam Sandler and he deserves to get a nomination for best actor and also deserves to win it. The rest of the cast are also fantastic from laKeith Stanfield To Kevin Garnet who is gives a great performance. The villains in this movie are scary and Threatening as all get out. The story is also very interesting and great. The ending act is so stressful and had me at the edge of my seat. The movie is very well shot and it's also very well scripted. I don't have any cons with this movie. Overall, uncut gems is easily one of the best movies of the decade and it's my favorite movie of 2019 I can't wait to see it again. GO SEE AND SUPPORT THIS MOVIE. Punch drunk two point oh. more a safdie pic than a dugan dump, no offense. sandler is impeccably brilliant here. loved very millisecond spent in the anxiety riddled dark comedy trip
through new york's jewelry district or whatever. not an awards pic but it's effing mint I highly recommend skipping this movie. It's a nonstop torturous film that keeps you wincing at the poor decisions of the protagonist. There was even a low rumble throughout the movie to keep you ill at ease in case the rest of the movie wasn't already doing that. It was unrelenting and I was relieved when it was over. Not to mention all of the negative Jewish Stereotypes reinforced in the movie. I'd stay away from this one if I were you. Exhausting is the first word that describes this Safdie Brothers film. I was flat out dizzy when I left the theater, not the least because I was trying to hold onto the sheer amount of material at work in this hard-boiled account of a New York City jeweler who gets hold of a highly exotic super stone from Ethiopia and uses it to leverage one knee-deep debt after another that he has accumulated in his shady dealings. He is pursued by many an angry and/or violent creditor, but his own lack of scruples enable him to jump from one bold move to the next.<br/><br/>There is so much mayhem and rage in this film, you'll sometimes feel like you're in a boiler room. The pace is sometimes so feverish, you might be grateful for the quieter, less eventful scenes. But it's not all chaos and fury. Deep down, there's a deeply tormented soul struggling to keep his life together as he manages to bottle a desperate situation. And a hypnotic soundtrack is another nice touch.<br/><br/>Although this is a cold-blooded depiction of a protagonist devoid of any true conscience, it's done with such conviction and force, that I have to respect the craft that went into it. Although at times an ordeal, it's possible that this improves with each viewing, not the first such film I've ever seen. Recommended, but not for the faint of heart. It's not a movie for an Oscar, but certenly is a good movie. People complaying about the sound, the music covering the voices... do you really don't understand what they try to transmit? Had you ever worked in any market like that one? With the jewish comunity? I had to be in that market about jewlery and money exchange in my country, and let me tell you: everyone speaks at the same time. The music try to transmit exactly that feeling, that you normally take 20 minutes int he store to make you crazy and run to the street. It's not a mistake, it's an element that transmits the ambient. As always Adam Sandler nails it with his acting. However the story of the movie is a little bit odd and the movie itself is a little lengthy also the story kind of gets a little boring towards the middle/ending of the movie a lot of repetition is involved. WHY ARE THEY SHOUTING SO MUCH? I AM IN A DEPRESSION BECAUSE OF IT! I FELT LIKE I HAD TO PROVE MY WORTH EVERY SECOND WATCHING THIS MOVIE! AND WHAT WAS ACTUALLY HAPPENING ALL THE TIME? I STILL DON'T KNOW!!!!! I TURNED THE MOVIE OFF AFTER 45 MINUTES BECAUSE THE MOVIE REMINDED ME OF MY MOM WHO ALSO CONSTANTLY SHOUTS AND SCREAMS FOR NO REASON!!!!<br/><br/>!!!!!!!!!!!! Me and my girlfriend decided one evening to put on Uncut Gems, following the recent positive posts and press releases coming out about the film. The opening sequence produces one of the weirdest film scores ever produced. The odd sounds rattle through your eardrums like a five year old who has just discovered a keyboard/synthesiser for the first time and is playing the keys in an awkward annoying way, hardly making out a tune, gaping through a set of images that resemble a 70s episode of Star Trek with some psychedelic hallucinations.<br/><br/>Onto the plot. I gather you aren't meant to like Adam Sandler's character but by the end you end up liking him and changing your view on the heart of a degenerate gambler. The majority of the film is boring as you struggle to get through the monoluge or even believe in any of the characters. Some of the acting is appalling. Adam Sandler shouts throughout the entire film reminding me only of the annoying parrot from Aladdin, as he continuously curses his way through the plot and dialogue. At one point, I wondered if he was impersonating Al Pacino in Heat. Netflix produces some other excellent films and programmes. Unfortunately, this didn't love up to my expectations. Borefest, with a lot of shouting! This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. Absolutely no reason to like the main character. I'm a Sandler fan, but no no no.
Oh, and the music/score is a laughable, cringeworthy mess. There are good movies and bad movies, this isn't either of them, it isn't even on the map. There is no direction and no purpose for this movie other than to satisfy the contract with NFX.<br/><br/>I thought it might work, there seemed to be a purpose in the opening scenes when they are showing the stones being pulled from the mine, but then it really just went south and I didn't even want to watch it any more.<br/><br/>The middle was just a jumbled mess of incoherent dialog which didn't serve any excitement. It was boring and filler. The ending was predictable and I knew it from the first fifteen minutes.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is trying to show he isn't a one trick pony, but these movies aren't quality. I could only watch about 20 minutes then I turned it off. Noisy, loud, chaotic, it is possible I was in the wrong mood to watch this, I may try again later in life. Really tried to like this, but a stupid script, a storyline that goes nowhere and, we'll what can one say, this movie disappoints on every level, did I mention the Soundtrack!!! So the three most highly rated and talked about films of the year, Joker, The Irishman and this film are three of the worst in many a year. Very disappointing all round. Not even worth one star. Trying too hard and failing miserably. Seemed like a very cheap Goodfellas wannabe, but Adam Sandler is NO Joe Pesci. Avoid! The movie is boring, stupid, bad acted, bad filmed. And on top it last more than 2 hours. Irritating. I wanted to give zero stars but it is not possible. So one star. Don't lose your time watching it. I just don't understand the high ratings of this movie. The acting is horrible. The storyline is flat and uncreative. There was nothing realistic or believable about the story - you just sit there thinking nobody (Adam Sandler) can be that stupid. It was actually painful to sit through more than 2 hours of screaming actors dropping f-bombs with no real plot. The ending was pathetic - really hoped that they would salvage it in the end but it just left you feeling not good. No redeeming value. Sandler's performance as Howard Ratner is impressive. I think he is composite of some pretty dreadful people. The world is full of them, from your neighbor to the White House.. Howard Ratner represents everything wrong with humanity at the moment. Selfish,slimy,yellow,arrogant, conniving,immoral and almost schizophrenic. He won't be missed. A glaring reminder of what not to be and what happens if you are. Kablooey. Never has a movie stressed me out so much in my life. (In a good way). Uncut Gems was excellent. Adam Sandler killed it. I was a nervous wreck the whole way through. The best part about the film is it's unpredictability. Would not be angry at all if this movie won best Best Picture at the Oscars. Most definitely a come back story, well written beyond the public understanding. There are so many good things about this film. The acting, the plot, the cinematography and the score! The Safdie brothers killed it. If you like gritty and intense movies, Uncut Gems is for you. The good: this movie is never dull, has quite a few moments of hilarity, is often chaotic, Sandler has a great performance and the movie overall is pretty good.<br/><br/>The bad: the movie kind of drifts at times, the music selection is curious to put it mildly, and Sandler's character isn't exactly likable. There are also times where you might get overwhelmed by multiple people talking at the same time, but that isn't necessarily a knock, because it builds tension.<br/><br/>Overall i recommend it though. Finally good adam sandler film is made and it totally pays of for doing such risk like puting adam in this kind of film,most of people would think that he is misplaced but he proved them and me wrong and he showed how good actor he can be when he wants,it is unfortunate that he is more guy for bad comedies but after this one that could change,only problem was his accent who was in moments hard to understand and little to much,but rest of movie and its moving story was good enough for me to pay attention until the end The most annoying man in the world would have made a better title, a hyper anally focused individual who has the particular knack of rubbing everyone up the wrong way is the foundation of the script. One is relieved when justice is finally served at the end of the movie, edge of the seat for the wrong reasons sort of movie. Serious Sandler is arguably the best Sandler. A terrific performance from him and really strong support from Kevin Garnett makes this a great film for sports fans and non-sports fans as well. If you want to hear about 2 hours worth of screaming and yelling this is for you! The combination of the horrendous score, Sandler's character being quite possibly the most annoying human on earth, and the constant yelling make this a very frustrating and nauseating watch. I actually felt sick to my stomach watching it. I do not get how this movie got the hype it did! My wife and I only lasted for about 30 minutes. We both agreed this was one of the most chaotic movies we ever watched.<br/><br/>Nothing but lots of noise, people all shouting at once and ZERO character development or story development. After 30 minutes, all we knew was that Adam Sandler's character was somehow involved in buying and selling gemstones to a wealthy black athlete in NYC and he owed money to many unsavory characters.<br/><br/>Aside from that, we knew nothing about any of the characters nor did we have a inkling as to why we should care about them. Reading a dictionary would be more rewarding that this cinematic crap. To the casual viewer, this experience of a movie will shock and surprise. I can see many viewers faces wrinkle with disgust from the very realistic picture of this mans life, because it's not easy to watch. But wow is it fascinating.<br/><br/>Rarely does a movie capture my attention this viscerally to the point where I don't see the movie anymore, I'm living the experience. From the intense direction, and the unnoticeably masterful editing, a good movie is warranted by how well all of the tools are used to expand the unique story being told, and all of those tools were firing on all cylinders for Uncut Gems.<br/><br/>For me, it might be a masterpiece. What points I give this movie for realism, I do find this particular characters life to be almost too chaotic, maybe to the point of being unrealistic. But at the same, that's what makes it so much fun to watch.<br/><br/>My only warning goes to the average movie goer looking for a lighthearted drama, because this is not that. This ones a little more intense.<br/><br/>9/10 might change to a 10 Adam Sandler, wow. People complain Nd give Adam crap and then he does this. Incredible movie that keeps you entertained A lot of reviewers here seem to have expected a low brow Adam Sandler comedy. This film is not. It's one of the best movies of 2019 but clearly a lot of reviewers aren't up to the task of viewing an intelligent movie. Sandler is brilliant in portraying a man reaching the end of his rope. Finished "Uncut Gems" and I'm just relieved it's behind me.<br/><br/>I would greatly prefer that films that are deep fried caffeine double shots of glazed doughnut weren't as appealing as they are, but we do live in a world which finds Rule 34 humorous. I guess I shouldn't be surprised. This movie was super compelling. Adam Sandler was incredible, Julia Fox was phenomenal, I loved seeing KG too. But man there was so much yelling and screaming and arguing and my goodness it just made me dislike everyone! I think it was realistic in this way but Adam Sandler's character was so unlikable as a person, father, husband, etc that it just made me discontent. The last 30 minutes were easily some of the most captivating minutes of my life though and were a masterpiece. It made me root for him even though I really didn't like him. The movie is slightly overrated imo but I also have to concede I may be letting my personal dislike of some of the (realistically portrayed) characters ding the rating. It's worth seeing, but I think the 11/10 finale boosts the movies overall rating. Pretty good, with incredible moments, but plenty of disinterest and annoying moments as well This might have been a good movie. It was going pretty good so far, but I had to stop watching at about 40 minutes in. The 70's synth soundtrack that was constant was like fingernails on chalkboard for me.<br/><br/>I tried, I really tried to muscle through it, but it was killing my nerves. Money, sports and diamonds make 130 minutes of colorful meaninglessness. Until the end of the day, the safdi brothers no longer take the audience to the third world of New York, but take a picture of a blurred space and involuntarily work centered on the diamond district, because there is only nothingness behind everything. However, Howie's journey leaves a sense of mission, and Spread this feeling into its whole character network, and finally form a close connection. Uncut Gems is an extremely over-rated mess. Yes - it is true that Sandler did a decent job playing a very unlikeable character that was very different than any character he normally plays. The problem is the story is an annoying mess and so are all the characters. The story goes nowhere and is over-long. Everyone is annoying to hear. No one is likable. I could not give a damn about anyone in the show. The ending was surprising, but stupid. Not worth my two hours. Even if it was just killing time on an airplane. I was a little nerved about the speed the story provided from beginning, but it is an absolutely interesting movie about relations. Howard Ratner, the main character of this overspeed story is about to face a downfall spiral. After watching some time the audience is realizing that he is bound to some guys that play unfair. He is in a fight to survive against all odds. I like how he tries to turn the bad game to a better end. For some time I was sitting at the edge of my chair to realize - no matter if you are right or wrong - unfair players always win. This is not fair, but a real good movie. Exceptional good when you look at former Sandler movies. I was not only well entertained, I would recommend that movie to an open minded, but mature audience. Who chose all soundtracks in this movie ... i feel like i wach a movie with aliens ... The Safdie brothers flick Uncut Gems (2019) is a Masterpiece of Cinema. To its Core it is a Character Study on the Greedy and deceptive. Thus, the plot doesn't necessarily have to be tightly written however I would not say that this film has a boring plot rather a thrilling and exciting ride of a plot. By the end of the film the audience will very much be on the edge on their seats waiting in anticipation of whats to come simultaneously anxious about the film.<br/><br/>And this Film has one of the best most satisfying Ending's to cinema in recent years.<br/><br/>I refuse to let go of this review without mentioning Adam Sandler's performance. MY GOSH he has executed his character so brilliantly due to his understanding of the character. There are scenes where he is scared and you really do feel his pain. I personally felt anxious when I saw his character make bad decisions but that what Adam is trying to express.<br/><br/>Overall I really would like to dwell more into this film and understand the meaning of some scenes and perceived allegory of the film (which I think is that Bad people deserve a bad fate) but meh.<br/><br/>10/10 - I wished this was recognized more by the mainstream My Rating : 6/10<br/><br/>You're gonna either hate it or love it - this is a beautiful chaos of a film.<br/><br/>It's a stress-inducing, weird, anxiety-fueled ride. Sandler is flat-out sensational as Howard Ratner but the story and the dark comedic element may not be to every viewer's taste.<br/><br/>'Uncut Gems' is a non-stop odyssey of a man desperately trying to save himself as his personal and professional lives collapse around him. In its rough-edged style and frenetic pacing, the chaos and confusion takes over leaving out traditional movie tropes and explores unfamiliar territory.<br/><br/>A crazy power trip! The movie is so-so, the ending is the best. It has the most unfitting soundtrack I've ever heard. I liked all the swearing and yelling in the movie, it brings out the character in a role and in this case some bloke called Howard Ratner. Adam Sandler plays the part brilliantly in a first class production and direction.
That's it, the movie had nothing else for me. It was heading nowhere with other characters coming in and out and a storyline more boring than me catching a train to work everyday. Maybe I missed something?
Anyway I made to about the hour mark then called it a day. Another hour to finish the movie would have be unfair on my life. There is no doubt that Adam Sandler was very good in this film.. I consider him to be quite a talented dramatic actor and he definitely brings his chops to this film. However, the direction was poor. The writing was poor. There really was not a particularly great story and the pitch of the acting was so amped up, that it became unbelievably annoying. Within 20 minutes of starting the film. I tried to watch this film in two sittings because I just couldn't get through the first sitting and the 2nd sitting was just as bad. I thought maybe it was my mood. Maybe I'm just not in the mood for this kind of over amped nonsense, but the second time it was the same thing. Other than Sandler and a kind of reprisal role by Eric Begosian, and a decent cameo by Kevin Garnett. There's just not much here. Let's face it. I'll be honest, the work of Adam Sandler is good in the movie, but, the movie tough, it's just Adam Sandler screaming for everything and just noise with weird music (loud music by the way), to be honest the movie is not boring but, it's weird, like some parts are nonsense totally, and the music, it's not good at all, weird movie, weird plot, weird music, everything in there was weird, but not in a good way. This movie was so intense. It gave me chills down my spine from the tension in several scenes. Adam Sandler was magnificent. Totally blew me away with his performance. I was really surprised by this movie. It was a lot different to what I expected. It could be very intense, and kind of slow but still very interesting. This movie was the hardest movie to watch I've ever seen. I had to pause the movie and take a breather do to how on edge this movie made me. The whole thing was a huge anxiety attack.<br/><br/>That said... great movie. They knew what kind of movie they were making and they made it well. Good acting and great pacing. I'd recommend this movie but I'll never put myself through that again lol Never been an Adam Sandler fan but I give credit where credit is due. He holds his is own in this role, but the plot is really paper thin, and the character is deplorable, you almost want to punch him in the face It turns out that diamonds are stones in nature. They are useless in essence, but they can kill people invisibly Correctly positioning a piece of jewelry, when you enter the pawnshop to evaluate it, its value is more reflected in the materials. When I first heard about this movie is directed by the Safdie Brothers, I knew it was going to be good and it was. I loved Good Time and this movie had the same feel which I loved. Adam Sandler shouldve gotten a Oscar. Great movie and great performances. I haven't been this invested in a piece of cinema in a long time. In a thrilling journey of chaotic scenes, the movie manages to raise the stakes in an incredibly realistic way to the point where I couldn't help but cheer and swear with Sandler at each and every turn. There are moments of extreme frustration, ecstacy and total ruin throughout which all culminate in my favourite ending of a movie I have seen in a very long time. A truly electrifying piece which was inexplicably snubbed. I must say; watching Uncut Gems makes you feel like your having a panic attack for two and a quarter hours! The Safdie's have proven themselves masters of intense film making! From Uncut Gems' breathtaking acting to the masterful dialogue and writting, the film is truly to be praised for It's extreme intensity and Adam Sandlers dramatic performance! Great film technically on all accounts. Sandler and supporting actors are outstanding as is the cinematography, score and editing. It masterfully captures the mood of a subculture. The main character lives on a knife edge constantly. It has the drama and tension of a basketball game (which as very clever) and the grittiness of Taxi Driver. Unfortunately, every character is so distasteful that by the end of the film, I did not feel any sadness. I only felt like I wasted two hours watching a cast of characters I hope to never see again. This movie was... Unexpected. I never expect much from Adam Sandler but this was so far removed from anything of his I've seen before. Although it does get a bit fast and chaotic it's still easy to follow. What would have been a 7 was elevated to an 8 by one of the best endings to any movie I've seen in two years. Give it a try. The opening title sequence, complemented by "The Ballad of Howie Bling" from Daniel Lopatin's electronic musical score, that begins as peering into the uncut gems in question, with its cosmic particles, and that turns into a colonoscopy video is an apt summation of the picture's proceeding, relentless momentum as filled with a-holes amid shiny objects. "Uncut Gems" is a visceral experience of frantic tension, and I appreciate that it was filmed on actual film, for which I wish I would've seen on the big screen without digital mediation to fully appreciate. Even if, like me, you don't find yourself easily excited and stimulated by the plotting, the experience of following a figure who continuously makes dangerous and poor decisions--nonetheless, reacting and directing his own fate--may have an uneasy allure, and the cinematography and editing aid in this freneticism. Adam Sandler really is terrific, too; it's easily the best thing I've ever seen from him, including his earlier dramatic efforts that others seem to find more interesting than I ever did. His star power also helps make the character more likable (or, at least, less unlikable). This isn't a film that I'll ponder for long or even write a lengthy review regarding, but it's striking in the moment--like the high experienced by a junkie gambling on basketball and the luster of pretty rocks sold by a jeweler.<br/><br/>(P.S. I wonder whether the character's being a "jew" and a "jeweler" is some sort of pun along the lines of the cameo casting of "Good Times" John Amos referencing the Safdie brothers' earlier movie, "Good Time" (2017), or the colonoscopy bit, although I don't know what to make of it if it were.) ...has the most annoying musical score I've ever heard...and I'm a musician!! Faux '70's soundtrack that would have been bad back then and wouldn't have (hypothetically!) improved over time.
Noisy, intrusive and irritating. Spoilt the movie First of all let me say this, I've never been a big fan of Adam Sandler at all, at the point of avoiding any movie where he's in. Those movies, mostly comedies, just bugged me as I find him annoying to watch. Maybe it's his nasal voice or his dumb look, I don't know, he just bugs me. But this story looked entertaining and it's not a comedy so I gave it a shot, and to be honest I did enjoy it. For once Adam Sandler delivered, he did a good job playing his character. The story is fast paced, with a lot of things going on, mostly yelling and being nervous, but it fits the character. It's a long movie but it doesn't seem long when you watch it, and that's always positive. I have to admit it was much better than I expected, maybe I'll watch other Adam Sandler movies from now on, at least if they're not comedies. What a movie... I usually like Sandler's relaxing comedies (not acting :)), but here I was amazed with both movie and his performance. This movie is entertaining as long as you don't mind a lot of adults regularly yelling.<br/><br/>The story and ending are different than most people would expect from a movie with Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>It's one of his best films to date, though it is limited to the style of storytelling.<br/><br/>The story is so all over the place that you'll need a pen and paper to keep up will all the subplots and deviations from the main story.<br/><br/>Overall, it would be reasonable to give a 7/10.<br/><br/>Although the ingenious performances in the movie account for all seven points and the acting sells the film<br/><br/>An uncut gem, indeed. Adam Sandler who in his whole career made comedy's, makes a serious film and his acting experience is easy to be seen, he does a great job acting in this role, he should continue in making serious films but the plot on this movie is shallow, and is really only the movie that it is because of Adam Sandlers great acting, look forward to seeing him in future serious films.. A movie like this is immensely frustrating. To see Sandler step so wonderfully into this role and give such an excellent performance after all the other absolute trash he's made... Why can't we get more of this?<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I find myself in the precarious position of knowing that I watched something great but it just didn't click with me. Sandler embodies the role, the character study is fascinating, the people playing themselves are solid, the screenplay is strong.<br/><br/>The big problem here is that there's not a likable character to be found anywhere. Not every movie needs likable characters, but that usually gets offset by something and this movie does try to endear Sandler's character to us, but if it never quite works then that leaves things feeling a bit hollow and makes the movie feel like it's dragging. Since I never got enveloped in the character I never just lost myself in it.<br/><br/>That is until the last half hour or so when this thing shifts into high gear and left me stunned. I predicted what would happen and was still blown away by it, which is very impressive.<br/><br/>It's absolutely worth watching, especially since I seem to be on the low side. Even though I don't personally love it, I can absolutely acknowledge that this is an excellent film. The theme All the way thoug, is kaos and bad Vibes, if you didn't have stress before, you will have it after seeing this movie. This movie is about characters with no discernible personality or qualities just being loud and obnoxious. For most of the movie length, people are yelling at each other. Howard is a jerk, the people he meets are jerks.
It's like the writers had anger issues when they wrote this nonsense story and just needed an outlet. Or maybe it was purposely done this way and the viewers are supposed to be high when they are watching this? Seriously I don't know.
Bottom line: There's no story to tell. I was really looking forward to watching this film. The trailers had me intrigued. It has turned out to be one of the worst movies I've ever tried to watch. Howard is the most annoying character. Trash-talk all the way through. Not much of a dialogue. Howard makes one bad move after another. Stopped watching last night. Decided to try finishing it today. It's still on. It's so bad I was compelled to write this review.  The movie was actually great fr fr the ending is just stupid he leaves you like why? What's the point? Firstly, it's not an easy movie to watch, long and stressful in every scene, not a comedy at all but it's way worth the time watching. Any negative review is because the reviewers expect a light/Sandler-ly comedy and got punched with this nerve wrecking masterpiece. Normally i can predict a movie's ending after 1/3 - 1/2 of the length. Not with this one, I watch carefully every minute of this movie and can't predict what will come next ! Watch it until the end, you won't regret it. I can say it's one of the best of 2019. Gave me a headache, just noise for the sake of noise. Garbage If you're a jeweler, are into jewlery, and know the intricate ins and outs of both gambling and being a jeweller in New York and you LOVE to hear Adam Sandler and the whole cast yelling, hooting and hollering then this is the movie for you.<br/><br/>I feel bad that Adam Sandler actually took this role, because thus film is a chaotic mess that unless you are a jeweler, with an intricate knowledge on how to sell jewlery to Rappers and Basketball players, as well as an intricate knowledge on the jewel trade in NYC, you will be so confused from start to that flat, dull thud of an end.<br/><br/>This movie is hooting, actually it's hollering, but maybe it's all just yelling. Adam Sandler plays Gilbert Gottfried impeccably throughout this entire film. If your eyes were closed, throughout this film you would honestly believe that Gilbert Gottfried was screaming in your ear. Overall Masterful method acting.<br/><br/>The script is so chaotic and is just madness that is not even worthy of being called a film. It should just be an example of what happens when you live beyond your means, and why you should never ask Adam Sandler to method act Gilbert Gottfried.<br/><br/>I cannot believe that this movie even made it past screening let alone the table that it was written on.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler does a good job as Eiago considering how terrible this script is, but one good actor doesn't mean jack when the script sucks and the direction is on par with any D grade SYFY channel movie.<br/><br/>So glad that I rented this and didn't pay to go see it in the movie theater, and so glad that I went to Walmart today and got myself some BC powder because you'll need it after you finish this movie.<br/><br/>Honestly not worth your time. One of the worst movies i have ever seen.<br/><br/>Took 4 goes to watch it.<br/><br/>Would rather poke myself in the eye for 2hrs with a fork. WOW this is a phenomenal film. A powerhouse of stark realism. A reminder of who we are and how the streets truly felt. Its obvious that this part was written for Sandler as he owns his role and becomes Howard in his best performance to date, beating out his role in "Punch Drunk Love". His acting here is a triumph and it surely surpasses other recently skill billed projects such as Joaquin Phoenix as Joker and Brad Pitt in AD Astra(which I thought was a great movie btw). "Uncut Gems" marks yet another feat by the Safdie Brothers and illuminates film in a way like no other. Julia Fox is OTHERWORLDLY sexy and she fit perfect into the role and scene of the film. That brings me to my next point, which is, the movie could have benefited from a bit more sexuality or even just sensuality. More curvy hot gals with fat behinds would have been great but the film seems to shy a bit on this. There are very suspenseful moments but it is all created through situational stress and tensions. The story behind the opal rock is chilling when you think about it and the way it hynotizes KG is downright compelling and as a deep seated horror lover it was even creepy to me. There IS something unsettling about all of this. The origins of the stone. The havok it causes. The destruction that unfolds like dominos. This movie reminds me of a R rated version of "Hardball" with Keanu Reeves. Both fit in a similar category. I will also say that the story isn't anything new but its the way the story plays out that is great. The Safdie Brothers didnt break new ground because this is actually a much older script than many think. Instead the movie is stylized and there is palpable tension through out. It is fast paced and jarring and that is a huge part of the dead here. If this movie was not so fast paced it would have fell by the wayside, as intensity at a break neck speed was the Safdie's secret weapon here and it turned out great for them. Just when I thought "Good Time" was their masterpiece they grace us with "Uncut Gems", an even better version of new York gone man This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I have a policy, out of respect for the industry, that if I start a movie I watch the entire thing. I want to be sure that I understand what the director, the actors and the screenwriters intended to convey.<br/><br/>I respect Adam Sandler and his comedy movies. This film has pulled down my respect a few notches.<br/><br/>I can't think of anything good to say about this slow movie, no real plot, no message, empty. What is incredible is that it has a fairly high IMDB rating and some awards.<br/><br/>Total waste of time. Don't watch it. Seems like a good story line, but far too much background noise, talking and music to be able to catch the "meaningful" dialog. It's a yelling contest. Top gun and Mandy have taken the back seat. This flick is amazingly put together with non stop suspense from a realistic drama from crazy euphoria kick of gambling other people's money. Howard shows true addiction and guts in his confidence. Acting , music, and intensity was amazing Adam Sandler isn't playing himself for once it's a really good movie it's not a comedy it's a thriller. Really made me upset that he didn't get an Oscar nomination because this was his best movie. The movie is a whole anxiety attack that's why I really like it. I was glad it was over, always yelling, weird background music, adhd movie... I am not gonna spoil the movie but i have experience of gambling , the result was the same , you have to watch it to understand what i am saying What is in this movie ? Story is not interesting. Sceenplay looks like trailing train seems never reaching its destination. Camera stays only on Howard, no other characters are developed. No twist and end? With saying non spoilers because this movie has near about 1400 reviews, that it has tragic end whereas I thought it would be happy ending. You will see only every step of Howard fails and it creates messy situation throughout the movie. Nothing other. At the end I did not understand where was opal ? Avoid Uncut Gems as you could otherwise it could cut your money and time. Slightly bemused by the high ratings this films seems to have attracted.<br/><br/>Unlikable, unsympathetic jeweller is a complete are to pretty much everyone (screwing over business associates, cheating on his wife, completely self-absorbed). Do I care if he is assaulted by some unhappy 'business associates', well not really. There's nothing to make me feel anything towards any of the characters - they are flatter than pancakes. So much for plot and characterisation.<br/><br/>They have also saved enormously on the budget without bothering to have anyone write dialogue. What do you need with proper dialogue when the cardboard characters can spend the whole film shouting "f you" at top volume at each other all the way through? I like to think I'm not particularly prudish about swearing, but when that's all there seems to be and it's delivered at top volume it all gets a little tedious. Well, quite a lot tedious actually.<br/><br/>Maybe this film has a fantastic ending and I completely missed the point, but I will never know and frankly I don't much care! I got bored to tears pretty early on and luckily my husband had had more than enough about an hour in. Since we'd already seen at least one other party leave, we decided to follow suit.... and then met someone else leaving in the cinema foyer. I don't think I've ever had to walk out of a film before. I wasn't interested at all and the volume and inanity just did my head in.<br/><br/>There are some great films out at the moment. This isn't one of them. Avoid. It's not a classic Adam Sandler movie, but it's not a good one either.
It was impossible to finish watching this movie, I suspended after running 1 hour and 11 minutes.
They don't stop yelling, they talk at the same time and it really makes you tired. The script is really bad, I don't recommend it. This movie is such a joy, first of all Adam Sandler's performance is so fun to watch, all the actors do a very good job, this movie is an entire buildup for the final scene, It was so fun to watch everything go fast without much buildup, I like it when they just trust the viewer to figure and make assumptions about characters, right or wrong you are rewarded for both. also I never bet on games I never actually watch basketball, but my heart was pounding in anxiety rooting for Adam. it's very rare to get so emotional like this and invested in a character. most movies are nice with nice CGI and it's common to vote up the fantasy movies but they are forgettable, this movie is really memorable. A film that allows me to cause headaches, boredom, anxiety and countless bad feelings This movie gave me a headache and gave me a lot of anxiety, but holy crap Adam Sandler is unreal. I'm surprised that he didn't at least get a nomination for best actor because it was awesome seeing him not being himself in a movie. It was a fast pace movie it was amazing do not watch this movie if you don't like thrillers and you don't want a headache. Best act for Adam Sandler till date, in my opinion. I enjoyed this movie a lot, I liked it more than Joker for example. It feels realistic and gives you some anxiety with the almost constant stressful chaos. The Safdie brothers killed it here. Adam Sandler killed it. Great acting and role. The ending was shocking. If you like sports betting and luxury goods/wristwatches? This movie is for you. As someone who has some experience with betting and loves watches, I loved the references and appearances in the movie. I can't really come up with any (major) faults to the movie. But maybe it didn't quite blow me away enough for a 9 or a 10? But it's a must see film, one of the best 2019 films in my opinion. Julia is incredibly hot and sweet in the movie, I applaud her performance. I wish I had someone like her as my girlfriend. Unexpectedly I liked this movie although it's not my type of film, the ending was brilliant. I tip into the negative. Just roughing through the constant chaos to see if he won the money
Glad that an American movie didn't have a happy ending for a change
Sandier did actually act and act well Chaos,intensity and insanity reigns.
Dialogue omg intense dialogue. The end won it for me. I have never seen Adam Sandler this good. the story is nice and got shocking end. The movie was terrible. The direction was terrible. I was anxious all the time but the filming was terrible. I ve never written a review but I really wanted to warn other.people to not lose their.time. Really nice story line, ending and features the weeknd Just when you think that you've seen it all and there is low chance that they might score it big with one more really interesting, emotionally connecting, very original movie, there comes...UNCUT GEMS.
Go watch it, folks. It is not perfect, but it will entertain you, touch your emotionally. You won't regret. Like the title says, it took me 3 days to watch this movie because I simply couldn't stand how awful it was. I was actually getting annoyed that I had to watch it. You watch movies expecting them to be a good use of leisure time but this felt like a chore. Weird ethereal score throughout the movie that didn't fit the film at all, nonsensical plot line, directionless character development. Thought it was a camp movie at some points because it was so unwatchable. Created an IMDb account just to review this movie. Wonder if those involved in making this film actually enjoyed watching it. Way better than most efforts these days, hence all the praise. It's a stress inducing watch as is known but let's take that for what it is and not act like lightning's been put in a jar. Credit to all the elements which help create the anxiety but that's essentially very doable on a basic level. What this film does so well is temper that so it's not gratuitous or grating like (let's upset lots of people) Kubrick's Shining. Sandler's performance was pure shouty NYC man if you like that sort of thing but he's not done himself any harm by being part of this impressive movie. Hard to watch. At least with sound. All the time there is some ambient noise and that is probably why everyone is screaming. This film is absolutely amazing all the way through. The audience is brought alonng with sandler throughout the film as he makes these bad decisions that eventually kills him. Only critisism being is the Saftie Brothers did the 'kill the main character card' in 2017s Good time, so it was a little predictable. Other than that, this is a purely solid instalment to the Netflix franchise of films. A fast paced movie with the guy trying to keep on top of things with high stakes and losses and wins coming close on each other tails.
A solid 7.5 This is not a film for the masses. Uncut Gems is intense, stressful and chaotic. Stylistically, it shares DNA with Greenaway, Altman and early Scorsese. The Tangerine Dream/Vangelis by way of the Chemical Bros. score is jarringly discordant with the visuals to great effect, often overpowering the violent shouting of the characters. The performances are top notch and you find yourself rooting for Sandler's reprehensible Howard, maybe if he wins one time he can turn his life around. Julia Fox is brilliant as Sandler's mistress in almost all that she does here, with the exception of one scene where her tears feel forced and the dialogue ultimately undercuts her performance.
Overall I was tense the whole time and riveted to the screen. I don't know why but I really want to watch After Hours now. No film prior to this has more accurately portrayed the average Jewish man, his mindset and his actions. Adam Sandler plays a ruthless, conniving criminal jeweler in the NYC diamond district. I won't reveal the ending, but it was very satisfying to watch. Very Adam Sandler like, yet serious movie. Very good performance of him, but overated in my opinion. I have always been a fan of Adam Sandlers 'goofy' film roles. Yes they may not be the best movies in the world but you always come away from them with a feel good factor after watching them.
Uncut Gems though is a different ball game altogether. From the get go Sandler's character immerses you in his crazy world of living by the seat of his pants, 'borrow to get by for tomorrow'!
I enjoyed this film from start to finish and don't want to give anything away but has a great shocker moment.
A solid 8 out of 10 possibly 9 the more I think about it. Very suspenseful with great actors that'll keep you on edge the entire movie. Adam Sandler sporadic addictive behavior is award worthy! Happy he won the Spirt Award! The Oscar snub saved him from losing to Joaquin Phoenix Or Adam Driver ((LOL))! Everyone yells over everyone. Only made it half way through the movie. Could have been a great movie with more suited actors and better voice over editing. It is such a negative and depressing movie. I wanted to leave half way through it but my wife wanted to finish it since we paid for the tickets. The soundtrack constantly blaring over the actors, the constant yelling, my god this was a hard watch. Felt like just over two hours of noise. I have nog problem with explicit movies and yelling scenes, but when the whole movie is like that, its unbearable. Theres just no balance, its all noise. Could have been much much better. What a complete waste of my time...should have shut it off after the first 10 min. but I kept hoping that it would get better. It did not. Nothing but yelling swearing. This film is overrated in my opinion: from the first to the almost last minute every character is only yelling and screeming and there are no interesting dialogues at all. The story is predictable at any time.<br/><br/>Yes, Sandler really does his job great to show a busy jewish guy, but for me it was really hard to watch this movie till the end. One of the most depressing aspects of the excellent IMDb system of user reviews is that it consistently reveals that there is a vast body of viewers who have very set ideas about how a movie should work. They basically want simple straightforward narratives which operate within the conventions of a comfortable established genre. When a film doesn't meet their expectations ( apparently often within the first twenty minutes) they switch off and rush to slap an outraged 1/10 rating into viewer reviews. It appears that they never take a minute to check out the lineage of actors, writers, or directors since those crucial elements have no effect on how they approach a film. A shame for them.
You can probably guess that I don't agree at all with the scathing dismissals of this film. In fact one clue as to whether a film is worth pursuing or not, is a really good movie often provokes a binary division into lovers and haters which is what you will see in the reviews here.
You either get this movie or you don't. I get it.
I loved it. I was hugely impressed with the ambition and commitment of everyone involved. Soundtrack, imagery, direction, writing and acting were all outstanding. It has a real documentary feel and rightly or wrongly I now believe I have some sense of the timbre of life among New York's precious gems commercial community.
The film tries to convey the frenetic roller coaster life of a man who surfs from crisis to worse crisis in his outrageous attempts to win what he sees as the the game of life, at any cost. An essentially kind man, he still manages to break the heart of every on he comes into contact with during his doomed life journey, yet the film is funny, uplifting and ultimately life affirming.
Like all of us I've seen a lot of movies in my lifetime and it takes a film with something special for me to gasp aloud as I sit on the edge of my seat.
This exhausting movie has it. Enjoy! A jaw dropping movie the safdie brothers did it again but this time in much better way, and the biggest oscar snub ever. YOU SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE EVERYONE SHOULD IN FACT. People talking over each other, several conversations going on at the same time terrible music in addition deafening out the conversations... just unnecessarily high amounts of background chatter. Probably to try and make it more realistic or show the 'hustling atmosphere' just make the movie cheap and unwatchable. Made me feel nervous from the get go and use all energy to concentrate and follow which parts of whos conversations arw actually relevant.<br/><br/>Bad bad bad We love A.S, funny or not, he's skilled! The storyline however was flawed, too many angles and splits that made the movie feel diluted and flimsy. When the movie came to an end the viewers are left with a sense of "what was the point?" It's like drinking a tray red bull in 135 minutes. This is a movie with no plot and a bunch of stupid people, yelling at each other all the time.
Adam Sandler is making a serious effort, but the nothingness of the screenplay and the pointlessness of the dialogues completely kill it. Sandler starred some bad movies before, but this one takes the cake... For someone with ADHD, and possibly some on the spectrum, this movie is too over stimulating and the way people talk over each other would be immersive if I wasn't damn near having a fit over the migraine it gave me. My review is NOT universal, but it's a warning to those who would be bothered by excessively loud noises and people constantly talking over each other and stress-inducing situations. Unfortunately I wasn't able to truly enjoy this movie the way it was intended. This movie is just two hours of Adam Sandler screaming at people, either in their face or down the phone. Every scene. Accompanying this relentless racket is the most irritating music - if it can even be called that. Wait, there's more. While your ears are being savaged by both of those things there will also be loads of loud and abrasive background noise. There's a scene where a door buzzer must sound a minimum of 40 times in five minutes. It made me want to put my foot through my tele.<br/><br/>In another scene, having just hiked up the bids in an auction, (which is surely illegal) he starts shouting "sorry" to his accomplice in the lobby of the auctioneers. Really? I mean he couldn't discuss it with him quietly, only shouting is permitted in this film.<br/><br/>Yes I know all the screaming and shouting is meant to convey the chaos of his life but not for two hours straight. The only redeeming part of this film is the last half hour.<br/><br/>Rubbish. This is one of the worst films I've ever watched. The characters (specially Howard) are really annoying, yelling and jumping around all the time. The story is barely believable - how would a nitwit like that last more than a few months in the real world?
I forced myself to finish watching it, only because some friends told me how wonderful this movie was. I guess they were wrong. So the reviews for this movie are all over the place, can't understand why though.
Nice to see Adam in such a role, but the story line is just effing annoying... Normally you would expect there to be ups and downs, but in this movie it all seems to be going downwards constantly, which just leaves you with a very irritated feeling and you have no sympathy for the main character.
You don't normally WANT to know that the "good guys" win in the end because it can ruin the excitement, but this guys poor choices throughout the entire movie makes you think "what a ffing idiot" instead of hoping that things go his way. The first hour was a mess. Period. That being said, the second hour improves a lot, everything slows down a bit and then we're able to follow the story closer (without everyone talking at the same time and music blasting). I don't think Adam Sandler's performance is that much of a big deal, cinematography and the script are good, and the ending is great. If the first part of the film had the same quality as the second half, I'd give it a 7.5/10. The only good thing in this is achieving a good level of tension in the climax of the movie. Besides that it has awfull and noisy soundtrack, bad cinematography and editing and regular to bad acting. Just a mess. Apart from great gem visuals and good music. Oh, and a touch and go on the politics of heavy extracting in the opening sequence. Worth watching, good performances, but perhaps overrated. Well. Such high praise from so many people I know and respect. And the production, directing and acting were quite incredible.<br/><br/>However, I found the script to be claustrophobic and unthinking, perhaps what the producers wanted. I found Sandler's character to be so intensely unlikeable, it was hard to see the movie as a whole. Yes, I was aware the entire movie how well-produced it was, how committed the actors were, especially Sandler. How difficult the cross dialogue and action was. It's a major achievement in those respects.<br/><br/>And, sadly, there were places in the movie that I was just plain bored. I even began to look at my iPhone messages, etc. Not good.<br/><br/>Sandler pulled off quite an incredible and difficult performance, Oscar-worthy, but yesterday I saw A Beautiful Day in the Neighbourhood, and in spite of disliking Tom Hanks for many years, I was astonished by the nuances of his performance, so I will be rooting for him as best actor, rather than Sandler. Sorry, Adam. I came across this on Netflix and after a quick check on here, decided to give it a go.
I was put off originally by the idea of Adam Sandler, not a fan of his, but he plays an incredible role. He almost morphs into Al Pacino.
The incredible thing about this film is it is a chaotic mess. Straight away, an overload of characters, talking over each other, hard to watch. Now this will put a lot of people off but it gets you into the main characters life, which is a chaotic mess, but it definately works for me.
Great back story, great acting, and a completely different style of directing to what I have experienced
Occasionally a film comes along by accident, without the hype, and for me this is one of them. A lot of people will not have any time for this and I can understand why. But for me, fantastic. Pure and amazing. The ending is as expected but still... great. I honestly cannot remember a movie that made me feel so anxious and stressed the whole time I was watching it.<br/><br/>At one point I had to pause and take a break, get some water, sit down and click that play button again.<br/><br/>One of my favorite Adam Sandler performances ever, the character just sucks you in to a life filled with stress, gambling, broken relationships and living on the extreme ends of life, it's all in or nothing.<br/><br/>It starts off a bit odd, filled with too much information and sounds, voices, movement for your brain to handle completely, it might throw you off but.. give it sometime and you'll enjoy this crazy experience, I can promise you that. I haven't seen such an amazing film for many months, this film is definitely the best movie in 2019. The story and acting are unbelievably excellent. I haven't seen such an amazing film for many months, this film is definitely the best movie in 2019. The story and acting are unbelievably excellent. I haven't seen such an amazing film for months, this film is definitely the best film of 2019 in my opinion. After reading these 1/10 written reviews I'm legitimately embarrassed to be a millennial. This movie is the definition of a roller coaster ride, absolutely amazing! Imagine complaining that a fake movie is causing you extreme anxiety. Absolute clowns. I was so looking forward to see this movie, but had to force myself to look at it until the end.
Yes, noisy, OK.
Adam Sandler has more in him than goofy roles. OK.
Plot was not good, no matching tempo and did not feel anything for none of the characters. Liked the soundtrack, but a total miss for this type of movie. Did not add anything to what you saw, just disturbing the plot, emotions of the characters and felt totally misplaced in both style and drama.
Wanted to like it, but sorry, this was 2 hours wasted.
One stars just because Adam Sandler actually have some theatrical skills. First movie ever to want the enemy guys to win. Incredible Sandler, playing the role of the obsessed gambler, gambles his own existence, family, everything. I felt so annoyed watching it, watching the agony of the gambler and the agony of all those depending on the gambler's choices. It is a disturbing movie and issue. So many people around the world live like that, destroying themselves and their families. Well, it's not a silly typical Sandlers comedy, it's a drama...but this itself doesnt make it good movie or Sandler a good actor. The story is great, I felt tense all the way but there is quite a few moments where you are slapped by "oh it's Sandler" like the scene where he breaks down at the front of Julia - tragic!! His character is also not fully worked out - it's too simple in moments and lack of depth or maybe that was the idea being dumb who behaves irrational. First of all you have to like this sort of movie. The ones you need a stomach for. The ones that are not meant to make you feel good once the movie is over but let you wondering WTF you've just watched. Finally if you are a conforming snowflake always expecting people to act politically correct this movie is not for you. Just keep watching Ellen until her teeth fall down. Having said all that, Uncut Gems is not a perfect movie, I liked the other Sadie Brothers movie, Good Time, the better. I think they could have found a different actor to play the main role. ( Don't get me wrong I have nothing against Mr. Sandler, but the whole movie I kept wondering what it would be if another actor would have play it) The background music is kind of annoying. But the direction the script and the editing..... OH MY GOOD. What a wonderful and dark trip. If you are tired of the marvel woke movies go watch this shxxxt. What a movie. I loved it. I normally would not even look twice at a movie with Adam Sandler. But someone recommended it and so I watched it. What a rollercoaster ride. The music is incredible too. Worthy of an Oscar but I see that it was bypassed. Well stuff them. I think the only other movie close would be Joker. Great film. Wow! What a movie, what an ending! Amazing acting by Adam Sandler and the buildup to the ending was spectacular. Like others have said, the only thing keeping it from a 10 was that it left a few unanswered questions at the end. My girlfriend and I just watched it on Netflix tonight and we loved it. Highly recommended.. Where to start, this thing is just awful. Sandler is the most obnoxious human being throughout. They threw in some NBA players for the bling affect and it only made it a harder turd to push through. I want the 2 years of my life back! The Safdie Brothers (Josh & Benny) follow-up to their breakthrough, Good Time, is a great showcase for Adam Sandler who shines (sorry!) as the great actor he can be when he's not pandering to the proletariat w/the dross he usually is involved in. Sandler plays a merchant in the heart of the diamond district who's the consummate mover & shaker having one deal going while not having the previous one quite done & he seems to be good at it but what holds him back from the whole happiness package is that he's cheated on his wife (he's got an apartment set up w/the other woman who happens to be his employee), his kids for the most part loathe him & oh yeah he has a dangerous gambling addiction where money is lost almost as soon as it enters his hand. He has a hip hop partner, Lakeith Stansfield, who brings him high end clientele from the world of music et al & his latest is none other Kevin Garnett (playing himself) who has become mesmerized by Sandler's latest acquisition, a large black opal mined by Ethiopian Jews (we see the excavation of the gem in the film's opening) for the purposes of an auction but KG wants the jewel so much so he trades his championship ring (as collateral) to hold the opal for his next ballgame. What follows is a mesmeric fever dream punctuated by violence, profanity, lies & one last bet which will clear his debts. As evidenced by their last effort, the Safdie brothers have a tight grip on the cinematic medium (we see shades of Scorsese, James Toback & even early Paul Thomas Anderson) as this world (supposedly a family member worked in the diamond industry whose stories birthed the tale we're seeing) is presented in all its shallow transitory glory. Special mention should go to their composer Daniel Lopatin (previously going by the name Oneohtrix Point Never) who scored this film (as well as their previous) w/a propulsive electronic score almost commenting on the cacophony of the dialogue. Also starring Idina Menzel as his ex-wife, Eric Bogosian as his brother-in-law, Judd Hirsch as his father-in-law & R & B singer the Weekend playing himself. NOT a crime thriller. Don't know why that description is added here.<br/><br/>It is a fast-paced and well told story about a very compelling character. Sandler disappears more or less completely into the role and drives the movie with his wonderful performance. That he isn't nominated for an Oscar is baffling.<br/><br/>The movie works about 80 or 90% of the time, hence the rating of 8 and ends on a reasonably satisfying note. I think most people, whether a Sandler fan or not, will like the movie.<br/><br/>There is a fair amount of violence, so be warned about that. This movie was brutal if there is one word to describe it. The score and music was horrible didn't match or go with the movie already making you not invested... from a terrible script that had some ideas but never latched onto anything but bad acting, screaming, and unwanted sex scenes that will make you cringe. An ending that attempted to save this disaster but was too little too late. Awful awful film that should have zero praise just because it is an indie pic. Let me start by saying I'm a huge Adam Sandler fan. I wanted this movie to be great because it's his first serious role. It takes a lot for me to write a negative review about a movie and want to walk out of the theatre multiple times throughout this movie even. Please do yourself a favor and skip this one and save yourself the 2 hours.<br/><br/>The opening scene has nothing to do with the movie whatsoever. There's constant yelling/everyone talking at the same time so you can't understand what anyone is saying. It's basically about a guy who keeps betting on sports and keeps getting the crap kicked out of him because he can't pay the bookies. Don't understand how people are saying Sandler got snubbed of an award for his role in this movie. The fleeting nature of capitalist-based bliss + The soulless pursuit of money at all costs + A fun rewriting / retrofitting of behind-the-scenes sports history + headache inducing overlapping dialogue + a cavalcade of genius performances led by Sandler's best turn ever = Unconscionable cinematic anxiety. Brilliant. 'Uncut Gems (2019)' is stressful. Not only does it achieve a kind of unrelenting, anxiety-inducing realism, but it's also incredibly chaotic. Its default state involves people shouting over one another, scrambling to be heard in a world impartial to their struggles. It's never heightened but it's always dramatic, making the mundane cinematic at every turn. Often, it's unbearably tense. An auction and a basketball game stand out as the movie's most suspenseful sequences, which is a feat to say the least. I mean, it makes you care more about its climactic sports match than most sports movies do. It's full-on, for sure; sometimes nail-bitingly edge-of-your-seat. It's also amazingly compelling. Seriously, it's downright riveting. Sandler is brilliant in the lead role, somehow making his very flawed character quite likeable. He makes some more-than-questionable decisions, usually provoking his own downfall. Yet, you're with him every step of the way. You want everything to be okay, even though you know deep down that it won't be. The affair is engaging, entertaining, gripping, affecting and shocking in equal measure. It leaves you with an elevated heart rate and a lump in your throat. It's genuinely fantastic. 8/10 At first I liked this movie. Liked the naturalness of the interactions. It had an interesting style. 1 hour in and it seemed very to lose its direction. People talking over each other constantly, Sandler shouting and swearing and I. Constantly stressful situations and a plot that is jumbled. I'm now in the middle of a headache induced scene with more shouting, more noise. If it was a short film titled Stressed it would do exactly what it says on the tin. It's all a bit too much for me. It is interesting but maybe it should be watched in 30 min segments.<br/><br/>Edit: I managed to make it to the end. It's not easy going at all but overall I enjoyed it it couldn't turn it off despite how unbearable it became. Chaos from start to finish a 6/6.5 From the very start the music was from a bad 80's SCI-fi! The f-word and n-word were the main dialogue (all being yelled) just poorly done. GRADE: C<br/><br/>THIS FILM IS RECOMMENDED.<br/><br/>IN BRIEF: Fine acting in need of better storytelling.<br/><br/>JIM'S REVIEW: Howard Ratner is a lowlife and gambling addict. He doesn't see himself as a loser, a man in search of the almighty dollar and the next big scam. Nor does he value his family, his mistress, or anyone else. In Uncut Gems, Howard is in over his head as he gambles away his life, even though the odds are always against him. An expensive opal gem becomes his latest obsession, and everyone wants in on the action.<br/><br/>Critics have unexpectedly raved about this indie darling, a crime thriller with an overabundance of atmosphere and colorful characters. But the story is in need of some judicious cutting as the plot is underdeveloped and redundant. Directed by Josh and Benny Safdie, who also co-wrote the meandering and predictable screenplay with Ronald Bronstein, Uncut Gems shows all the wealth, sleaze, and crassness in this world of high finance set in the Jewish Diamond District in Manhattan. The thugs, loan sharks and henchmen populate this business area, although everyone in the film is repugnant or borderline stereotypes, along with the jewelers and their workers.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler plays the debt-ridden Howard, and he gives a very strong performance. (I have previously stated that Mr. Sandler is a far better dramatic actor than a comedy star and I concur with that previous assessment.) The cast is solid, even if the material is not. Fine work is on view by Lakeith Stanfield, Julie Fox, Idina Menzel (looking very witchy and sounding like she's auditioning for a role in The Real Housewives of New Yawk), Eric Bogosian, Judd Hirsch, Keith Williams Richards, and athlete Kevin Garnett as himself.<br/><br/>The filmmakers share a raw and passionate vision, but the plotting is unnecessarily slow-paced and continually overstates the obvious. A few more rewrites could have helped to give the film some gravitas and its characters greater depth. The dialog consists of banal conversations set in a gritty world that are just too improvisatory and self-conscious, with non-stop profanity and very little wit or characters to care about Yes, it all feels quite real, but it also feels quite dull.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems may be worthy of your attention, mostly due to its ensemble, but its true valued worth is questionable. As with the "Four Cs" of gem grading, the film certainly definitely has color and (dramatic) weight, but its clarity and cut are less than satisfactory. According to this reviewer's rating, Uncut Gems earns another C. I watched the entire movie... unlike some people making reviews... don't review a film unless u actually watch the whole damn thing ok?
It was not terrible and it doesn't deserve on star reviews. Look into the accounts that give this movie a 1 star and they all seem to have bad taste in movies.
Yes the music is a bit loud but it didn't bother me that bad.. although i watched it in my own house... not a theater.
The story and characters are entertaining... the pointlessness of the film is a subtle joke.. the mundane lives people live... how much money a stupid basketball game is worth... Sandler's characters puts his life on the line for the ending game.
What the movie says without telling is how hopeless and pointless our lives can become.. or is.
I enjoyed the scenes with the basketball player and sandler.. their interactions were funny. The other people in the main characters life where dull and uninteresting.... his love life had a chance to become something other than a shank but it never really happened.
Now for the ending... I think it could've been so much better... I would've liked to see sandlers character escape from that situation... he could've gone on a ledge outside of his window and trapped those guys in there for good.
But a random act of utter stupidity compels sandlers character to open the door to a group of men who held a gun to his head earlier and also almost through him off a skyscraper. you know... like sandler couldve armed himself with a gun to protect himself from his enemies..... but instead we get an ending where hes shot to death and gets no money.... this is a reason why i wouldn't see this again too soon... because i can imagine what happens after sandlers death and it doesn't keep me interested. I think a good story keeps people thinking about it for weeks.
That's not to say this movie didn't have strong points. I would've been really invested if sandler left town with the money and the girl and see what unfolds.
i give movies a 6 when i just cant imagine seeing it again to soon... but i still feel like it was worth watching. its style and morid hurmor was fresh.. This is my first movie review ever, I've never been one to leave a review but the ending to this movie was so bad that I literally had to create an account just to warn others from thinking this would be a good movie. Builds up to where you think it's gonna work out then continues to let you down. Honestly a similar ending to the departed but even more disappointing. The Stream: Typical storyline and some really bad teeth<br/><br/>The Big Screen: An intense film that depicts the dangers of gambling<br/><br/>The Final Bill: A solid movie that is best watched in a loud environment and with friends<br/><br/>-S2S<br/><br/>This movie stars and I do mean stars Adam Sandler in what some may say is his best performance. It's a mix of classic Sandler with terrible teeth and good acting. Sandler plays a jeweler who constantly finds himself too deep in the situations he's created. Let's see if he can dig himself out.<br/><br/>The summary above is the most I can give you without ruining the already simple storyline. Strangely enough, the movie is predictable but not ruined by that fact. We've seen this plot in many movies before, but it's the execution and the cast that differentiates this movie. Sandler, LaKeith Stanfield, Julia Fox, others and yes even Kevin Garnett do a really great job in this movie. Sandler's performance, minus the teeth, was the perfect stereotypical portrayal of this character. When we he is high, we are high. When he is manic, we feel manic. Ultimately, I found myself saying how deep can my man go and get out of, and boy, do we find out.<br/><br/>Here are the trouble spots of this movie, which might be controversial. This movie is "too loud" for some viewers. Everything in this movie is loud, over the top and in your face. While I enjoyed most of it, I do realize how this atmosphere/culture displayed could be "annoying or offensive" to certain viewers. I can understand how certain viewers just wouldn't appreciate the contemporary nature of things occurring in the movie. Some might say it's too "urban". *side eyes those people* But truthfully, the movie was on the borderline of being too in someone's face.<br/><br/>Long story short, Uncut Gems is a film that is both super predictable but nevertheless not ruined by its predictability. The intense nature of this film ultimately lends itself to being seen. Now, I leave that up to you all. You absolutely don't need to see this in the theater, but I will note the nature of the big screen and music could amplify the viewing nature. Your best bet is watching this at home with a few betting friends and make a few drinking game wagers through the film. Pros:
Very fast, chaotic, but controlled enough to have a general structure
A really believable look into another person's life and everyone he interacts with
Nice soundtrack, synthy and deep, really heightened more than a few scenes
Really good acting, every character is portrayed very well
Intense as hell<br/><br/>Cons:
Some bits of really silly writing
Because of it's detail of Howard's life, some parts end up feeling bloated, uneeded<br/><br/>Best part: the Weeknd concert room, best example of the movie's speed and style
Worst part: sandler saying "I'm gonna cum" when the rock comes in This film is stressful to watch and takes you through all kinds of emotions as films should. The music can be slightly annoying at the start but it's definitely worth sticking with it. Adam Sandler is superb, only he can get away with screaming and shouting the hole way through a movie, if it was anyone else it would be annoying! Loved the movie This movie was uncomfortable to watch, from start to finish, to see Howie getting himself deeper and deeper in trouble, continuing to take desparate risks, his lies - he was not a likable protagonist. But by the end of the film, I found myself on his side, and he was going to win, and get out from all his troubles.<br/><br/>But I liked the film, Sandler was great, I never imagined he could do something like this. All the supporting cast was great. And KG? Who knew? He was fantastic. What a performance!<br/><br/>Film reminded me of Bad Lieutenant with Harvey Keitel, of course.<br/><br/>Biggest complaint was the electronic soundtrack, it was so annoying for much of the film.<br/><br/>This is not your Adam Sandler of Happy Gilmore fame. I imagine that there are more than a few unhappy Sandler fans out there who didn't research this film well before seeing it. Four of us went. One loved it, one hated it and two were conflicted. I get all the critic's points and I agree with all the praise too. I understand it all. It's the kind of movie that some will like and some won't. It is impossible to know what side you will fall on until you see it. Almost not a single moment of rest in this film in the entire two hours, every scene has you seeing Howard getting hit left and right with the consequences of his actions constantly making you worry about what he's going to do next. Everytime you wish he'd just stop while he was ahead he does just the opposite making this film a frustrating yet enjoyable experience with an ending that smacks you in the face. As enjoyable as this was the dialogue has the characters shouting over each other quite often which comes off as difficult to understand and a little messy. There's rarely a scene where someone isn't screaming their sentences, which can get a little grating to listen to for so long and so often. Adam Sandler surprises me with a great performance and shows that he can pull off a serious role with the right direction. A lot of people have been lauding this film as a different direction for Sandler, as it isn't from his Happy Madison catalog. Howard Latner is no different from Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, etc. Characteristically, he still follows his typical motifs of being a loud, volatile, Jewish manchild like in most of his past films. What separates Latner from the majority of his past performances is that his immaturity is not tolerated by his surrounding castmates at all. With the stakes for his own life heightened by greed, lust, and redemption, Latner ultimately drives himself into a deep hole.<br/><br/>The most critiqued upon part of the film is its loudness. Some have argued the synth driven soundtrack, or just the overall dialogue itself is unnecessarily loud. However, the Safdie brothers wanted just that. Sandler overwhelms the audience as he frantically drags you through the streets of the diamond district, while being constantly attacked by various loan sharks. Without its audacity, the movie would fall short as Latner's wrongdoings are rooted from his constant rushed, brash decisions.<br/><br/>Overall, I would say Sandler's performance is as memorizing as his black opal jewel. The Safdie's were able to build the film around Sandler's strengths. In doing so, it pushed Sandler to leave his comfort zone and allowed the audience to experience his faults in a more explicit situation. Like the jewel he coveted, Sandler is able to fixate the audience on to himself, and get you enamored with his toxicity. Crappy movie, waste of time and money...no acting just an annoying obnoxious yelling! The preview is misleading. Horrible horrible horrible movie of the worst movies I ever seen. I need to unsee it! Don't waste your time. The cretics where bought or are on crack! The stress this film gave me was not only high, it was unique. It makes you think of bad choices, remember your worst ones and never want to go through anything like what goes on in this film. This movie really shows the real talent of Sandler's. It is strange in a very good way. I can say with great confidence that the Safdie brothers showed real depth with the writing and delivered one (if not only) the best movie of 2019. I also have to emphasize that the music is simply pioneer. A highly recommended watch. The only reason to see this is if you're dying to see Adam Sandler a serious role I guess. This film has no redeeming qualities. None. Every character is repulsive and cartoonish. It's so phony in look, content, and feel. Every frame is garish in color, content, and sound to assault the viewer. Shocking content Is inserted for no other reason but to bash the viewer over the head repeatedly adding absolutely nothing to the story. Plot is one you've seen a thousand times with no twists. I knew exactly where this was going from the very first moment I saw Howard on the screen.<br/><br/>It's also confusing- there are many plot holes and way too many side characters. All of the villains look alike.<br/><br/>I can not recommend this movie unless you are a huge Sandler fan and desperately need to see him in something different than what he's usually in.<br/><br/>I'm so grateful I didn't spend money to see it and that there are no sex scenes. That would have caused physical illness.<br/><br/>This is just not a good film - Wildly Overrated. Apart from Sandler it's a collection of nobodys "staring" in a film about nothing. The writers and directors are also nobodys that have nothing under their belts apart from a tiny phallus and nuts the size of acorns.<br/><br/>Why was this made? Boring as hell. Everybody is yelling, Sandler always trys to escape from someone and so goes on... Bad imitation of pacino's acting by Sandler. The only star a give this movie is because of Kevin Garnett. Great love story/gangsta/// This was wonderful!!! I've never rotted so much in my life!!! Uncut Gems is the movie we didn't know we need to finish out the decade. It's fast, unrelenting, and keeps you at your seat most of the movie.<br/><br/>In Uncut Gems, we follow the life of Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) as he gets beaten down left and right hoping for his big payout. We see how his gambling addiction eats away at his professional and personal life. Who would have thought that Adam Sandler would be the one to deliver this performance so well.<br/><br/>And when you think you get moments of peace where the intensity lets up? The Safdie brothers continue to pump up the pressure even more into an unrelenting crescendo.<br/><br/>And I've only covered the plot and acting.<br/><br/>Visually, this is a beautiful movie. Darius Khondji's use of color and shots gives us a different, otherworldly perspective. From the moment the opal is first held to the ending scenes, this movie is beautiful.<br/><br/>And music? Ear freaking candy. From the get-go, Daniel Lopatin composes an unconventional soundtrack that shows this film is far different from its peers. There were moments I had to pause and simply appreciate how much I loved the music.<br/><br/>Everyone deserves rewards for this film.<br/><br/>5/5. One of 2019's best. This movie is the ultimate definition of what you call a real "film", containing a fine-tuned mix of action, comedy, suspense, and characterful drama. Adam Sandler is not only very good, but also extremely entertaining in a way that you do not want the movie to come to an end. It is truly escapism at its finest and one that should not be missed. This movie was amazing. It was tense, had amazing acting, and the third act was amazing. My biggest complaint is that Howards death could've been more emotional and that the score didn't really fit with some of the scenes however, these aren't big issues as the movie makes it work Top notch performance by Adam Sandler. Surprising and excellent movie score. Great camera work. If you appreciate well constructed films, you will love this movie. Coming off of Safdie brothers' Good Time in 2017, I had high hopes for Uncut Gems. And just like with Good Time, I had a few doubts about this movie, but they were fortunately blown away by this cinematic work of art.<br/><br/>I even had some doubts due to this being an Adam Sandler picture, who has had some questionable projects in the past. But with his incredible performance (which certainly deserves an Oscar nomination), an unconventional plot, Scorsese in production and a nostalgia-inducing cameo by The Weeknd, this film hits the mark. It even has the ability to make a person who isn't into basketball stay glued to the seat and give them chills with a basketball game. The story is simply breathtaking and Sandler shines in every single scene.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems can definitely maintain a place on top with the other good movies that came out this year, having closed off such an unforgettable decade. I can fairly say that as time passes, it will age like fine wine. The first thing a movie needs to do is entertain. This movie was the opposite of that. It was depressing.
It was disgusting. It was deplorable. Never since leaving Los Vegas have I seen a movie so bad. It is one of the most depressing,unenteraining,disgusting movies ever made. I hate this movie with all my soul. I wish I had never watched it. The acting was good. The cinematography was good. That's the only reason I didn't give it a 1. Was watching it, and I had to stop it after the first 20 mins... i dont know what was the hype about this film.<br/><br/>Found myself yawning and feeling tired during this movie... Couldn't get past the first 15 minutes. A confused mess of a movie that's impossible to watch. I've long been waiting for another dramatic powerhouse performance from Adam Sandler this decade (though I need to check out his Netflix movie "The Meyerowitz Stories"). My wish has been granted with the new thriller "Uncut Gems".<br/><br/>Adam, in an absolute award worthy and daunting performance, steps into the shoes of Howard Ratner; a New York City jeweler who gets in over his head as he must settle his gambling debts via a million dollar worthy opal.<br/><br/>The writing, immaculate direction from the Sadfie Brothers plus a score from Daniel Lopatin are sure to give you one of the most intense and morally challenging viewing experiences of this year. The two directors first grabbed my attention with their 2017 hit "Good Time", and now have made a worthy successor.<br/><br/><br/><br/>
Grade- A As a Sandler fan from when he used to make CDs back in the 90s I am monumentally impressed with this film. If you liked Punch Drunk Love you will like this film. Greetings again from the darkness. It's debatable whether this movie should be labeled an indie crime thriller or a 'Scared Straight' session for gambling addicts. Benny Safdie and Josh Safdie are filmmaking brothers who seem to specialize in adding a frenetic pace to the lives of characters who consistently make bad decisions. Their excellent 2017 film GOOD TIME (starring Robert Pattinson) set the tone for their latest, featuring an Adam Sandler performance unlike anything we've previously seen from him.<br/><br/>After a brief prologue at an Ethiopian mine, we are dropped right into Howard's world. Well, more specifically, we find ourselves on the camera end of Howard Ratner's colonoscopy, while also seeing the vibrant glow of the rare opal extracted from that opening mine. Remarkably, the colonoscopy may be Howard's (and our) most relaxing moment of the movie. The character of Howard is based on a guy the Safdie brothers' dad worked for in the Diamond District when they were growing up. He's played here by Mr. Sandler, who delivers a performance so memorable that we now can't imagine anyone else in the role.<br/><br/>Here is what we learn about Howard: he's arrogant and foolish and energetic and hopeful. He lives life on the edge ... or perhaps he's already tipped. He's a Jewish jeweler based in inner-city Manhattan, and as the film begins, he owes a lot of money to someone who has hired goons to collect. Howard has an irascible wife Dinah (Idina Menzell, Elsa's voice in FROZEN) who is fed up with his antics ... one of which is his employee/mistress Julia (newcomer Julia Fox). Howard has an insatiable gambling addiction and he's always on the brink of a life-changing big score or a colossal failure that could cost him everything. He's a hustler who has to move faster each day to prevent the collapse of his house of cards: sports bets, pawns, loans, lies, and empty promises.<br/><br/>So if you think you now have a feel for this, I can assure you that you are mistaken. The frenetic pace is relentless to watch. We kind of like Howard, but yet, we want nothing to do with him. His latest scheme involves the expectation that the rare opal will solve his many financial woes. In the meantime, his business associate Demany (LaKeith Stanfield) brings him a high profile client ... NBA player Kevin Garnett. The film looks and feels like a gritty 1970's flick, but it's based during the 2012 Eastern Conference Finals, and Garnett plays himself (and quite well). Garnett borrows the opal for good luck and that's when all 'heck' breaks loose. Also in play here is Howard's rotten brother-in-law (Eric Begosian), to whom he also owes money. Adding even more NYC flavor are Judd Hirsch, John Amos, and sports radio host Mike Francesca, as Howard's bookie.<br/><br/>Daniel Lopatin (aka Oneohtrix Point Never) provides an electronic score that helps ensure we are never comfortable watching what is unfolding, and cinematographer Darius Khondji (EVITA) keeps his camera in constant motion - just like the characters. Production Designer Sam Lisenco creates Howard's world through the jewelry shop, the house, the apartment, and especially that back office. Set Decorator Kendall Anderson wins a place in my heart for the Pete Maravich poster.<br/><br/>The Safdie brothers co-wrote the script with their editor Ronald Bronstein (who also worked on GOOD TIME), and afterwards you'll find yourself going back through all the poor choices made by most every character. The brilliantly sustained level of uneasiness includes a segment featuring The Weeknd, and one revolving around a school play for Howard's daughter. The Safdie style is present throughout, and most conversations are loud and heated and threatening. If you are the type that needs at least one likable character, or a serene environment, or respectful adult conversation, you are out of luck here. Howard is an exhausting character in an exhausting story within an exhausting movie ... just as it was intended. The people who are giving this film a lower rating because it was "noisy" and "messy" don't understand the intentions of the director and writers. They purposely included overlapping dialogue to create stress and anxiety in the viewer. So that that the viewer could obtain a sense of urgency just like our protagonist. This film is BEAUTIFULLY put together, haven't seen anything like it before. Everything original, no fillers, or drawn out dialogue. This is a work or art and Adam Sandler really showed all of his "haters" that he is still that amazing actor we know him as. Enjoyed every moment truly amazing. 2 hours of screaming, yelling, cursing, and threats. Nothing more than a bunch of grown adults running around acting like children fighting over toys. Don't waste your time or money on this forgettable flop. This is the worst movie i ever seen!
The story line make no sense! Excellent! Excellent!! Excellent movie from start to finish!!!!! Coming from someone who's a little bit of an expert on the subject this movie is so well done. I grew up around gamblers and bookies my whole life. You can't really believe how chaotic things can get in that lifestyle. Adam Sandler plays Howard Ratner, a down on his luck gambler to perfection. Howard is in way over his head, and there's only one thing he can think about....His next move/gamble. I won't get too much into the plot other than the ending. And I won't even necessarily spoil that but I will just say it's perfect. In every gambling movie the protagonist always sails off into the sunset. For example use the movie Rounders (which I always said was the greatest gambling movie ever until today). He pays off his outstanding debt with a few hours to spare and goes off to the World Series of poker in Las Vegas. That just doesn't happen in 999,999/1,000,000 cases. This movie almost gives you the typical happy ending that everyone expects. Then it proceeds to snatch it away from you. In an unexpected, yet realistic fashion. He was in too deep. It would've been too unbelievable for me to think he was going to pay off all his debts, repair his damaged relationships and get the classic Hollywood ending. By far exceeded The Irishman as my favorite movie of the year. This movie made me see Adam Sandler in a very different light. This guy CAN act. Besides, the storyline is terrific. The only problem I have with this movie is the audio editing; especially in the first 10 min of the movie or so we hear a jazz piece or something overlaying the dialogue--which is quite cacophonic. The other thing I didn't like is the ending. I ain't going to go into detail about that, but the ending wasn't exactly what I'd hoped or expected. It is overall a very fine movie and I'm pretty sure it will live on. Amazing. After a long time did I feel so many emotions while watching a movie. Clearly Adam Sandler's greatest performance to date. His character Arno portrayed the habits of an adrenaline compulsive gambler ALWAYS ON THE EDGE; ALWAYS ON THE GO with perfection by using other people's money without taking into consideration the consequences of his greed, gambling addiction and monies owed to loan sharks. Worse movie ive seen since i can remember. The absolute worse. I wish i could unsee it. I'm surprised so many people liked it. It was the same thing over and over again, most of Sandler's dialogue was him yelling "Arno", most of the dialogue overall was jumbled shouting, Kevin Garnett's acting consisted entirely of him being mad then confused, and just when you start to think the movie might not end exactly the way you expect because they have something more interesting planned, it ends exactly the way you would expect after all of the events up to that point make it very clear that it's going to happen. It was 45 minutes too long, and packed full of tension without suspense. Between the epic feel of the opening sequence and opening credits, I was left hoping for some incredible curve ball; instead, it was over two hours of people being mad. The main character's wife is right in her assessment of how annoying he is. That's all he was throughout the entirety of the film, and it was a relief when it ended. If you wanna see a bunch of yelling with a predictable finish and bad soundtrack, save yourself a lot of time by watching "Jerry Springer" clips on YouTube. How this movie got so much hype, I will never know. From the intrusive, cacophonous soundtrack to the predictable storyline to the obscene caricatures to the frenetic directing to the unbearable yelling of lines ....non-stop "Uncut Crap". I saw the ratings decided to watch this movie. I guess the movie has some value as a warning and insight into a person that couldn't control his gambling and in result ruined everything he had built in his life. The character Sandler portrays is a very unlikeable person that you wouldn't want to have as a friend or be around on a daily basis. The fact that he is a cursing machine really gets tiring as could he say a sentence without a curse word being muttered answer no.
The final verdict is I didn't like the movie because I actually have to like a character or two when I watch a film and well there wasn't anyone to like in this move. Even Kevin Garnet playing himself came off as a self centered person that wanted everything his own way. I guess something like this has certainly happened to someone in real life and I feel for them, but it does not entertain me.
In the end I guess everyone got what you would expect the ultimate of winning big totally shattered in a moment. Lots of yelling, lots of cursing. You think it will be better by the end, but it's terribly unsatisfying. It will remind you of everyone you know whose compulsive tendencies drive every idiotic thing they do. But like a train wreck, you can't look away. Adam Sandler does a fine job in the dramatic role, but his character is not likable. Rather, he's so full of BS that you wonder how he's lived so long.
I could have hoped for a better script with meatier dialogue; this did not deliver. I really don't understand the tons of bad reviews. This is not a bad movie. This is, at times, maybe, frustrating, but thats for a reason, if you feel that way, then this movie did it's purpose. Adam Sandler gives a 5 star worthy acting experience. His character will make you feel. My only issue is it feels just like a rehash of the directors' last film, 'Good Times', which was amazing, and better, but 1 star reviews for this movie don't make sense Adam Sandler shows his acting chops here by doing some sort of conglomerate imitation of Cagney, Pacino, and DeNiro all rolled into 2+ tedious hours of shouting, pushing, and unconvincing toughness signifying nothing. I could not even make it to the end. ...and cringe at their antics. Hustling every angle in hopes of coming out ahead on a monetary scorebook. Yeah, I know they're addicted to the high, it's a disease, blah, blah, blah. But even the best made movie about them is more nauseating than fascinating.<br/><br/>I liked the celebrity cameos, the thugs were realistic, letting the gambling addict win the crucial parlay was refreshing. Sandler proved he can play some one other than himself and dove deep into a dramatic character. Garnett showed some guts, letting himself be portrayed as even slightly motivated by a scumbag like Howie.<br/><br/>But another movie about a rich shyster with wife, kids and gumar who refuses to win isn't award-worthy. Not a film I would normally choose. My husband turned it on and I was surprisingly intrigued right away because it was really fast and not boring. You can't look away or blink because it moves from one scene to the next very quickly. You'll be at the edge of your seat if you get connected to the story, but you may also get some gray hairs from watching this! The movie it's original, it's done in a very slick fashion, much like in Good Time the Safdie brothers choose a very real life approach to this story. I mean the way they captured the dialogue here is remarkable. I don't know how much of the dialogue is in the script, I don't think that anyone can write a script like this. It feels like the Safdies asked real people if they can shoot them while this people go through their life or like they gathered a bunch of people from around, hinted to them a couple of notes and let them loose. And to think that other than Adam Sandler and LeKeith Stanfield nobody had never been in a movie before it's mind-blowing. Every actor is amazing but Adam Sandler is just in a whole other level. Adam has been in only two good movies throughout the entire of his career, you would think that he is the most inappropriate actor to play this role but nope, he is incredibly good as this "crazy ass jewl", 'so Adam everything prior to this is forgiven'.
Overall, this may be the best film I've seen this year, absolutely loved every minute of it. A true gem of a film. It's a very stressful movie. High tension, a lot of swearing. Sleazy jeweler with money problems attempts to score big by selling a rock imbedded with opals. There is not one likable character, and the two hours is spent watching evryone yell and scream and plans fall apart. The musical score added to the stress, I felt the actors inhabited their characters well, and I suppose the writers were trying to induce the same level of desperation in the viewer the main character felt, but it was not my cup of tea. Pretty bad retelling of the compulsive gambler story-this one makes the remake of THE GAMBLER with Mark Wahlberg look really good. If you actually liked this turkey you will love the original THE GAMBLER with James Caan (in a great performance) or even CALIFORNIA SPLIT if you can stand Altman's rambling style. Glad to see Adam Sandler on the top of his game again. Movie started out really weird and the background music for the first ten minutes was unbearable. I almost quit but glad I stuck it though because at the end of the movie I felt entertained. The main character made me cringing when watching the movie all the way through. What was the punch line of the story? You wait for good one and a half hours for something meaningful to happen, and when you finally get to it ... you get that sort of an ending? wow! wasted my time! Was skeptical before watching this because Sandler doesn't have a reputation as the best actor let alone a thriller. He did an amazing job in this role and I didn't even recognize him throughout the movie. Movie is incredibly intense and gave me a sense of anxiety different to any other thrillers. I've seen the Safdie brothers film Good Time and Uncut Gems is a lot better in my opinion, with more structured plot while still delivering the intensity and absurdity of Good Time. On top of this, Garnett did a great job in this film and it fit right into his run with the Celtics. Overall amazing thriller and I highly recommend. Not for the faint of heart. The typical entropy narrative, and finally the chaos of constant pressurization leads to the heat of the system, and the director's implementation intentions are in place. A check surely has a background in physics. I'm no avid reviewer, but this movie just annoyed me sooo  much. I do believe Adam succeeded to do everything he wanted to accomplish to do in this movie, but it was for me one of the worst film experiences I've pushed through. Too fast paced for its own good. Had this film been 'calmer' and Sandler's performance not so over the top, this could have worked a whole lot better. Adam Sandler did an ok job acting, but the storyline wasn't very good. It's very hectic and nerving to listen to everybody shouting and talking simultaneously. And this happens throughout the movie. The characters are a bit naive and caricature like. They are really overdoing it. First of all, this movie has the most annoying score I ever come across in movies...I think whoever compose this tries to make it "cyberpunk" style while in reality it is for a realistic crime movie. It just doesnt work. Not only it doesnt work, it is so annoying that i wanted to turn it off whenever the music starts in the movie. And there are a lot of those moments...<br/><br/>Second, whoever wrote this also seem doesn't pay attention to a real jewelry shop...the shop that has the most uptight Salesperson in the business other than well, all shops in Paris...contrarily, the movie depicts every jewelry shop in NYC like a mafia house...its just not really believable.<br/><br/>Also, whats with all those yelling? Why everyone has to speak at the same and yell over each other?<br/><br/>To be fair, the atmosphere is okay. The director sort of pulling it off in delivering the last 20 min climax. But other than that, the rest 1 and half hr is just boring and annoying. And you really dont have any empathy for the main character bc everyone in the movie is so annoying you dont care how they end really...<br/><br/>All in all, a waste of 2 hr that could be used for better things. I recommend do not watch and spend your time wiser than i did. I can't do a full review since I couldn't watch it in its entirety. But from what my wife and I saw, we decided it was not for us. Thank God we got this as a free rental, even then it was not worth the time and energy to pick it up and drop it off at a Redbox kiosk.. The movie for us was confusing and hard to follow. Perhaps things made sense if we watched it beyond the 1/2 hour we gave it. It is amazing it got such positive reviews. For those of you who like a dark and a much is happening movie, this may be one for you. I've never written a poor review on IMDB, but here we are.
This movie is LOUD, chaotic, and useless. I try not to critique movies so harshly because I understand the amount of time and effort that go into this art.
I was bored ten minutes into the movie. I was annoyed by the score. The dialogue is jarring and screeching.<br/><br/>Everything about this movie is disharmonious and the amount of discord is alarming.
1star for Adam Sandler's dedication to the character.
Smh! Breathtakingly annoying. SANDLER and the rest of the cast shout over each other ranting and raving. The black cast characters constantly using the N word about five times a sentence. That's really grating on my nerves. Not bad enough sander makes ridiculous decisions that no human being would ever make. So if you find yourself saying why did he do that, you've endured this crap fest. I found myself saying shut the hell up under my breath so many times and wanted to punch someone by the time the closing credits went up. Whom ever made this movie deserves to washed with petrol and dried with a match! Don't be fooled by the positive reviews of Adam Sandler in this film. He grew a beard, but it's still Adam Sandler, behaving like Adam Sandler -ie, annoying.
Why is it that some actors just can't help being who they are instead of acting? Jim Carey is another, who just can't help being Jim Carey, and it spoils films.
Just when you think, "Hey, Sandler can actually act" he goes into goof-mode and ruins it. I got halfway though and couldn't take any more. The plot is weak and we were looking for the movie to move forward out of chaos into some type of story but it never did. It's nonstop craziness and stupidity from start to finish. They should have taken the last scene, put it up front and called it quits and put us all out of our misery much earlier. Adam Sandler really gave a great performance! But overall I did not like this film. Maybe it wasn't for me to like? Maybe it's for a certain type of audience and that's not me? Who knows? I didn't enjoy the odd intro and outro. It felt too disjointed for me. I didn't really connect with much of the story. Not my kind of movie but I'm sure some will love it! Not entertainng at all. A total pile of crap. I had to add more because my review was too short Hopefully, this is long enough for everyone to realize this movie is awful! This movie is so fantastic from the direction of safdie brothers to the perfonmance from adam sandler.
Shame oscars don't like adam sandler
Also i find it funny that alot of sandler fans hate the movie cause it is not a comedy even though the funny momente in this movie are funnier than those comedies. But watch this movie!! He is authentically acting. Edge of my seat. "Everything I do is not going right" sobs Howard just before the climax and perpetual ending of this unrelenting movie directed by The Safdie Brothers (Benny Safdie, Josh Safdie). Howard Ratner's gambling addiction is a way of life, he lives with it and he likes it, he finds intellectual superiority in his abilities of observation. The way his bets turn out, is like he has a divine premonition--his very inheritance guarantees success from his very core.<br/><br/>"Uncut Gems" runs straight-through from the beginning--it exists in a constant state of emergency and presence. Most of the movie is devout of large, panoramic shots. Instead, we are mostly following Howard close-up and as his life spirals more out of control, our focus on him is in even more control. The success of such an approach relies solely on the lead actor. Adam Sandler is living proof that his questionable CV was not due to his acting skills. He is tethered to Howard on an emotional level. His performance is not a revelation as much as it is a liberation. And his nasal approach to his voice--while taking some time getting used to--is Sandler giving a personal thank you to his character--few actors can pull this off.<br/><br/>But despite its singular focus, "Uncut Gems" also seems to go even deeper on multiple characters than it goes on its lead. The notion of an uncut gem is an unpolished jewelry, it is unfiltered. Like the uncut gem in question in the movie, it is both ugly and beautiful and has mystical powers of connection. When Howard show up at his jewelry store's desk with the gem, showing it off to Boston Celtics' Kevin Garnett (he plays himself), epileptic shots of his past go through his eyes--is like his life flashes before him. It is rich people coming in contact with richness itself. For Garnett, it was a theological reverence--paradoxically, the gem is pure because it is naturally ragged. "They say you can see the entire Universe in it" says Howard smugly. This is the mastery of this movie--it uses material things as an analog for human desires which go beyond riches--they include prestige, respect, social and moral superiority.<br/><br/>The movie explodes in a scene in which Howard plans on putting all that he's earned up to that point in an unlikely bet--yet his excitement in his eyes shows a man who has never been more sure in his life. He explains his decision like a mastermind and this is going to be his masterpiece. The way the Safdie Brothers fill each frame with neon lights offsetting the ominous, addictive and sinful nature of the men in question is to draw attention to the outside beauty.<br/><br/>I should've seen the ending coming--but I didn't. The last 30-something minutes of "Uncut Gems" are unbearable to watch. The movie gives you a taste of the natural emotional high Howard is addicted to. It is, in a way, a wake-up call. But it is also dangerous because I loved it. I loved it a lot and like Howard, I want more. It took a couple of minutes to take the schtick Adam Sandler was doing here for real. I've seen him in serious movies before, but he is almost playing any of his comedic characters here. At least it seems like that in the beginning. He is all fired up, talking fast, looking funny and all that.<br/><br/>But once you get that out of the way - the movie takes off. Adam Sandler is still all over the place, but I get that some would have liked to see him getting more recognition for his role. Or the movie itself get more recognition. Even Kevin Garnett, who's also essentially "only" playing himself (no pun intended): Awesome! Everyone involved is really good and the story is quite amazing ... rollercoaster and all that. Drama/Thriller edge of your seat style ... Love this intense film! Great writing, acting and the cinematography! Howard Ratner, played by Adam Sandler, a protagonist, is a jewelry show owner. His gambling addiction gradually but steadily has been taking everything from him: his family, his career and has put him into hundreds of thousands of debts. Ratner keeps pursing his goal of winning big in one of those bets, but the time was not slowing down. At the end of the day, Howard manages to somehow produce his 'last' gambling, but the pre-developed consequences did show up.
The movie not only shows the hidden side of Jewish communities, but also refers to some of those as depraved. One of the most important topics the film focuses is the gambling. The main idea is that the gambling even though may grant you with a rich life, it still, sooner or later, would take everything from you.
For some people it is normal to bet on or against something. Such practice has become a norm many centuries ago. What I love about "Uncut Gems" is that it shows harmful and damaging effect of such developed norm, which became a sub-culture. The 'Uncut Gems' moreover may be looked at as a 'guideline' of what not to do. The movie, nonetheless, exposes the nature of gamblers: a player bets not for winning, but for the feeling of the play. In this sense, the gambling becomes an addiction, which can be compared to the drug addiction.
The protagonist usually is a positive personality with lots of contradictions. The fact the he/she is caring about family makes him/her a publicly loved character. In 'Uncut Gems' Howard Ratner is caring about his family, he worries about them, he wants to re-build his marriage with his ex-wife. The first few bets Howard makes a viewer ask "Why did he do that?" As the movie goes on, the question keeps repeating with more frequency and anger towards the protagonist. Viewer can track down that any of the problems Howard has are result of gambling. Even those issues Ratner has, which do not really affect the main story, are still the results of betting. At the end of the day, all of his issues and problems come at him and want to shake him off. He could have solved those problems at that second, but, again, his takes the risk and makes that one 'last' bet. And, of course, it did not really matter whether he won or lost, since the abovementioned issues wanted him and not his bets.
That all said, I would recommend watching this movie for those who like it to take a risk and to make a bet 'just for fun'. The established norm of betting is an addiction, which is harmful not because of losing the big numbers, but because of the players' satisfaction of doing so over and over again. 4 out of 5 stars<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is a stressful thriller about addiction to betting and watching Howard (Adam Sandler) make some stressful decisions. He is a jeweler. He is also in debt and debt collectors are after him. When he does get the money. He makes bets that may or may not cost him his life.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is great as the character and playing a serious role. There were times where it was hard to watch. He discovers a rare gem which he lends it out to a basketball player. We can all know how that turns out. That gem can help pay out his debts. The music score and direction is good. The direction is running at an anxiety pace that makes you feel unease. It was definitely worth watching. It was like watching a slow drawn out couple of days with a loser jewel thief and gambling addict with no story line and no great acting. What a waste of money I wouldn't want to knock anybody who creates for a living. However, there is always a song, a film, a TV programme that just comes off as so badly done you wonder how it even made it above ground. This (Uncut Gems) is one of those.
It reminds me of the films starring DMX. Remember those? Not very good but with a dollop of stress/ pressure/ tension for the protagonist to grapple with during the runtime.
Now I understand why the press for this film has been focused on Adam Sandler's acting performance because there is really nothing else to recall. The soundtrack is straight from a Sega Megadrive game. The cinematography is so bad I've never seen NYC look so bland. Apart from the Julia character, the other actors involved actually look bored playing their parts.
So, as for turning up each day for the shoot, pointing the camera at the right thing and editing it down to a barely digestible form, bravo to the Safdies. But couldn't you free up your two slots in the creative world for someone else and dedicate yourselves to a more important role? I hear they have fatbergs the size of zeppelins in the New York sewers... The film was over 2 hours about a man in debt...seriously the film "the gambler" had pretty much done this years ago. It feels like a cheap knock off. I like adam and most of his films. This is supposed to portray his other side of acting which we can see he can do. It's just a shame it was for a obvious film... Two hours of garbage with such a simple meaningless plot.<br/><br/>Some are claiming it's the best film of the year & Adam deserves an Oscar. Whatever you guys are smoking give me some. The only Oscar we need to be discussing is the well deserved Oscar to the tissue needed in order to wipe this garbage from my brain. Full credit to Adam though who, as always acts exceptionally well. Other than that, the story is dreadful, the ending is preposterous and I wasted several hours because I read believed in the hype. This isn't about chaos - this is chaos.
This isn't about life - life is relict.<br/><br/>This isn't about this.
This is it. This isn't just the best movie that came out in 2019, this is Adam Sandler's best performance he's ever done. He absolutely nailed his performance, he should have been nominated for best actor no question. Adam isn't the only great part about this film the directing and cinematography is fantastic. The score is on point and every performance was excellent. You don't expect a great movie with Adam Sandler, but here we are - this is a fast-paced masterpiece about a bad week in the life of Howard Ratner, a gambling addict and a jeweler with an office in the Diamond District. He is trying his best to make the big bucks while loan sharks are after him. Prepare for the wild ride and enjoy.<br/><br/>The score, the cinematography and the directing are perfect. Adam Sandler is flawless. Probably one of the best movies of 2019, shame Oscars missed it. Love it or hate it, it's worth watching.
Unique, original, gritty.
Adam Sandler as you've never seen him. I really enjoyed this film. Adam Sandler, a living legend. All the supporting actors were great. Great soundtrack. Ill recommend it to anyone. Action from start to finish, this movie was the unexpected gem of 2019. Great acting from Sandler, Julia Fox, Stanfield, even Kevin Garnett pulls his own weight. Definite recommend to everyone except those with anxiety issues or heart problems. This movie will take you on trip, a very fast trip that will lead you to an unexpected destination. That's a million dollar opal you are holding.
Straight from the Ethiopian Jewish tribe.<br/><br/>Are you in the middle of a nasty divorce? Or are you at home on sick leave because of burnout due to your stressful job that demands too much from you? Or are those two revolting teenagers at home, who go through puberty right now, making you so much upset that you almost have no fingernails anymore? Good advice! Ignore this movie and look for another soothing movie. Because "Uncut Gems" will certainly not be ideal for your peace of mind. I'm afraid that after 20 minutes you'll be throwing snacks at the screen out of frustration while pulling your hair out of sheer desperation. Because it's the most stressful film ever. It drives up the tension throughout the whole movie in a merciless way to an extreme level. Believe me, at the end of the film my heart rhythm was proportional to that of the exhilarating rhythm of this tragicomic film.<br/><br/>Not only is it a nerve-wracking film. The pace of the film is also absurdly high. A movie like an out of control high-speed train. It seemed as if everyone is running from pillar to post at an inhuman pace. From the beginning of the film, it looks like you are being thrown into a centrifuge that's spinning at a dizzying speed and where the speed never diminishes. Up to and including the denouement. Then the emergency brake is pulled swiftly and the tumultuous life of jeweler Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) abruptly comes to a halt. And if you are annoyed by the use of the "f" word, I warn you already. There are a few hidden in every dialogue.<br/><br/>I'm not at all an Adam Sandler fan. The few films I saw with him ("Click", "Blended" and "The Cobbler") were disappointing in my eyes. Maybe it's the humor used by Sandler. Maybe it's the person Sandler himself I have a problem with. And to be honest, I always avoid movies with his name on the film poster. It surprised me when I read somewhere that he's the best-paid actor in Hollywood. But after seeing "Uncut Gems" I have to drastically adjust my opinion about the actor Sandler. It's not a real comedy (in a reasonably morbid way you could see some kind of humor in it) although you could say that the character Sandler is playing here, is kind of a caricature. Howard, a Jewish jeweler in the metropolis of New York, tries to get his chaotic life back on track. An Ethiopian opal should take care of that. An uncut diamond that according to Howard could muster a fortune at an auction. A fortune with which he can pay off his debts to pawnbrokers and underworld figures. Debts incurred due to his uncontrollable gambling addiction. Until the famous basketball star Kevin Garnett (Kevin Garnett himself) steps in his diamond shop and asks if he could borrow the precious thing because he feels it exudes a primal power. A power that could bring his performance to an unprecedented height during the upcoming important match.<br/><br/>Well, and when KG doesn't return the precious good to Howard at the agreed time, it's the start of a nerve-racking race. A race in which Howard's life is turned into a hell by nasty people, debt collectors, his wife (Idina Menzel who hates him wholeheartedly and calls him the most annoying person in the world) and his mistress Julia (Julia Fox). Even though Howard is indeed a highly annoying person without scruples or any kind of courtesy, you still feel sorry for this man whose life is collapsing like a house of cards. And even though I got nervous because of the Mr. Bean-like character of the film where Howard screws up every time he makes a decision over and over again, this film still managed to entertain me. I could never have imagined that I would ever say this, but Adam Sandler is simply playing his role in an exceptionally excellent way. This was actually worthy of an Oscar nomination. Hopefully, Sandler developed a taste for serious movies now and will make another attempt with a serious role (in a hopefully less hectic setting) in the future. However, I'm afraid that we'll be seeing a load of comedies (filled with offbeat, childish humor) before that'll happen.<br/><br/>More reviews here: movie-freak.be The movie takes turns into showing us that it's gonna end bad, even after winning it does. The movie was so good i was not expecting something like this at all
But i feel like the writer didn't know how to end it so he just killed Adam Sandler which was so bad and after i was in mood and so into the movie it just cut me off. I saw this just based on the trailer. I was surprised by how good this movie turned out to be. Adam Sandler has given probably his finest performance as an actor. You don't think of him as a serious actor, but he is very convincing in his role. The plot is face paced and the story is gripping. One of the better movies I've seen in a while. Truly an uncut gem. Horrible movie. Could not follow the plot with all the shouting and no clear direction. STAY AWAY! Overrated film. Its fast paced but a bland story .Adam Sandler is good but that is all I can say Wtf is this... I hear a person talking like Al Pacino in 'Scarface' who is actually not as big and important as he pretends to be but than on steriods. Too many people in the beginning of the movie making too much noise. I could really not stand another couple of minutes. The 'uncut gems' in his hands looks like they came from a cheapass glass factory. Adam Sandler trying to be serious: I really wanted to see that... but still there are childish stupid things in it that makes it just dumb.<br/><br/>Maybe I will give it another try and see if there is more into this but for now: hell no 2 hours of every character shouting nearly every line. Adam is great and the story's okey. Had to skip through the intro because music is very annoying it was very annoying and went for 10min. The background music throughout the full movie was crap and made it difficult to watch. The movie it's self was average story is weak and makes me hate Adam Sandler. If you are debating watching this film - just watch it.<br/><br/>Absolute bloody masterpiece. It puts a lot of things into perspective. Can't say much more. Huge credit to everybody involved.<br/><br/>I think we can all learn something from this title. This movie is a headache. I don't understand the constant, terrible background music. First time i was actively annoyed by the score, this movie gives you anxiety cause our main character is like this for the entire movie.
All male character behave abnormally they say something they take it back it is really infuriating to see this loser not being able to catch a break.
This movie has 1 good and that is Julia Fox, oh god what a woman and plays her part perfectly.
Ending predictable.. Its what i was thinking i want to happen to me. It is an excellent movie with stellar acting by Adam Sandler. You have to pass the first 30 minutes and then you can't stop watching it. It is noisy as hell and at times you think you'll end up with a headache but its worth it. If you like movies watch it till the end. It was a long time ago I was so captured by a movie. One of the best performances ever by Adam Sandler! I seriously like Adam Sandler. As Zohan he makes me LOL. He has proven himself as a serious actor in films such as "Reign Over Me". So we know he has what it takes, but this film just fails to impress: nearly all of the cast are simply nasty, unlikable, or obnoxious (including Adam's character); the dialog is hard to interpret without the use of subtitles (thank heaven for those); the music if you can call it that is not to my taste; the gambling culture is without merit. The ending just leaves you dumbfounded. Which all leads me to ask of Adam - "What was the point of any of this?". I give it 4 stars because I like him. He certainly can do better. Annoying from start to end. Only one character acting like a human. Everyone else just annoying. Has some great music and cinematography though, thua can't give 1/10. Only watch when you are high! I loved this movies frantic atmosphere, the menace that permeates it through pacing and score, and it's originality. It's truly original, and the characters are fully fledged and believable. I often found the plot twist subversive, and I was often pleasantly surprised about the turn of the story, although the story is not pleasing in any way. It keeps you on edge, and it plays on chords of discomfort and and straight up anxiety, as you can tell if you read the comments of the many nay-sayers voicing their opinions in this review section. It's evidently not a film that suits everybody. I would recommend for people who like gritty movies, and can stand anxiousness, and the feeling of high stakes, and can be mesmerized by flawed characters that feel authentic. Son got me to watch this s as d to be honest I wan't sure when he described it as a serious Adam Sandler film. Having seen most of his films, I was not expecting much, plus an early morning and I figured I was going to fall sleep half way through.<br/><br/>Sandler plays an annoying, obnoxious loser with expensive habits including gambling, cheating and lying. And he plays it so well it almost felt like wasn't acting. One minute you hate him, then like him, then realise who he is.<br/><br/>It flows really well and is one of those "day in the life" formats but over a few days and it works. Is it a thriller? Drama? Sports film? Or gambling film?<br/><br/>I saw it as a desperate descent into chaos with a great ending.<br/><br/>Not sure why the negative reviews, but then it's not for everyone.<br/><br/>Give it a try and remember, he is supposed to be a cringey character! Movie was good but I feel like it was way longer than it should have been. Ending was predictable. Adam Sandler in a serious role was interesting. A good movie. It's definitely worth watching but I don't understand why folks were so upset that it was snubbed by the Oscars.<br/><br/>While I had a good time with it, it's not really a classic and we'll all likely forget about this movie within 5 years. Had this came out any other time of the year, I doubt anyone would be talking about it.<br/><br/>There are a few dull moments midway through where it's tough to determine where they're taking this movie. Those dull moments also made me want to give up on the movie. Adam Sandler should also try to do more movies like this and stop throwing turds at the wall.<br/><br/>The entire movie is all over the place. I don't mean to say that in a bad way. It's more of a it's all over the place which really doesn't give you much time to know these characters and relate to them.<br/><br/>You can immediately see why Sandler auditioned for this role. Basketball. Boston. A gambling sports man. Paranoia. This role was practically made for him. I think the idea of this film is great but the execution could've been better.<br/><br/>When seeing Kevin Garnett and the NBA in this movie, I'm honestly surprised the NBA allowed it after the entire ref gambling ordeal a decade ago.<br/><br/>No spoiler: Even with the payoff. Normally I would like payoffs like the one in this movie but for some reason this payoff felt hollow. I'll be interested to watch this movie again while knowing the ending to see if my opinion changes. "Uncut Gems" is a similar movie to the directors' previous "Good Time". It features a streetwise hustler type trying to keep several balls in the air and using his natural charisma and insouciance to stay out of trouble long enough to make it all work. The pleasure in watching is wondering if he'll be able to succeed.<br/><br/>I didn't like this one as much as "Good Time", though. Reviews suggest that the movie is extremely stressful and should come with an anxiety warning. I didn't think so at all. I wasn't on board for most of it, and couldn't be bothered keeping up with the minor plot details. A lot of stuff to do with the guy's family wasn't all that interesting to me.<br/><br/>Sandler does give a great performance. He is almost too convincing as a ratlike smooth talking hustler type who is addicted to gambling and of course keeps a mistress. It seems like if you met someone like him, it might turn out to BE him. So what's the problem? He's so convincing he's impossible to like. You like Robert Pattinson in "Good Time", who also gave a brilliant performance, possibly because he's younger and might still turn into a decent human being. Plus, he's doing what he's doing for his disabled brother. Sandler's Howard, even if he does win in the end, will be broke again soon enough afterward. So who cares if he wins at all?<br/><br/>I admire the Safdie's attempt to bring thrillers back to the forefront of Hollywood, and especially in taking a different approach to all the standard suspensers we got tired of in the '80s and '90s. It worked with "Good Time", but I don't think it worked here. Adam Sandler gives an Oscar-worthy performance, channeling Al Pacino and playing his part with great authenticity. This New York City jeweler lives so spur of the moment, runs so many scams, and burns the candle at every possible end that it's a little exhausting to watch. He thrives on gambling, high stress, and general chaos, and there is a tension that runs through the entire film. There are some little bits like a Passover dinner and a scene with his disrespectful teenage daughter that helped me identify with him a little more, but overall he's kind of an idiot and hard to like. That makes it tough when the film is 135 minutes long, and it does seem to spiral on for a little longer than it needed to. However the film kept me engaged and wondering how it would turn out, and I loved how former NBA star Kevin Garnet had more than just a cameo role in what is a fine supporting cast. Yes, this film is gripping from beginning to end, and that began to wear on me. Its one note, unrelenting, gets to be tedious. I looked at my watch three times hoping it would end sooner. I saw no point in the story continuing despite the flawless execution and great acting. Watching someone make horrific mistakes, moment after moment, seems pointless. I tired of it before it could finish. Let me be clear I am not an Adam Sandler fan but he is mesmerizing in this movie.... his range of emotions and different characters ations is spellbinding..... the movie is not for everyone and actually concerns Sandler playing a jeweler with my a yen.for African artifacts..... unfortunately he is not a good person and leads him to die or Consequences
.. the movie is not for particular children.. and it's a little boring at times but a unique Movie experience in a tour-de-force for Sandler This whole movie is bananas from start to finish. Definetly Adam Sandler's best role to date. He was great! This movie will have you on edge! UNCUT GEMS: Adam Sandler (likely to get a best actor Oscar nom) dons fake teeth, glasses, a goatee and channels an earlier version of Al Pacino (in a very good way) in creating the character of Howard Ratner, a Jewish NY jeweler and diamond merchant with a huge gambling habit who's ass is owned by his bookie and loan sharks. Here is a classic 'rob Peter to pay Paul' story with it's constant wheeling and dealing by the lead character. There is an immediacy and ever escalating drive which comes not only from the performances, but from the fast paced direction, with in-your-face, dazzling camera work mostly shot in close ups, where the performance has got to be be truthful and nuanced because there is no place for the actor to hide. To use words such as edge-of-your-seat, taut, tight with ever increasing tension would be an understatement. Idina Menzel, nails it as the suffering wife. Julia Fox (remember that name folks) (channeling Marisa Tomei) plays Howard's employee and girlfriend in a stunning, breakout performance. The supporting cast, with the likes of Judd Hirsch and Eric Bogosian, do what they do best. I was emotionally and physically exhausted when it was over and shocked by the ending. Score: 9.5. GO! 50 to 1, you're gonna like it. 1/4/20 Sandler plays a total loser in this rather tense and intense crime thriller drama and it's surprisingly damn good! Kept me engaged and I couldn't quite work out how it would end but it caught me off guard which was perfect and exactly what the directors would've been going for! Adam Sandler once put into a serious demanding role, will execute it. I get that he probably won't win best actor for 2020 Oscars, still did a phenomenal job and made me feel like supporting his actor yet at the same time hate him and wish that he'd get a taste of his own medicine.<br/><br/>The pacing is very quick but to the right extent, filmed in close-up and medium close-up shots from chest or shoulders up or just a headshot of a character arguing with someone else makes the film as intriguing with support of its dialogue and writing.<br/><br/>But of course aside from this being an adam sandler film, my first Safdie Brothers film and yet I have not seen any others, The Safdie Brothers like to film in this same style of close-ups and conflicting characters who are constantly bickering.<br/><br/>Idina Menzel did a great job as well as Kevin Garnett(former Celtic's player for NBA) who played himself and also Lakieth Stanfield. Small appearance from The Weeknd and of course probably the best supporting actor/actress in this film which was Julia Fox, in which this was her first role ever in a feature film. Adam Sandler does a great job here. You could even say its the role of a lifetime for him. It's an interesting story about a gambling addict who also happens to be a diamonds dealer. The story is interesting and cast is good. The camera work is not maybe among the best but overall it's a good movie. Is it oscar worthy? I'd say not but definetly a great movie. The movie is a bout of mania from writers who seem so out of touch with human interactions that I think they would end up on reddit's ThatHappened. I tried so hard to find things to appreciate about the movie. I wasn't sure if my wife was enjoying it, and didn't want to ruin it for her if she was, so I didn't leave the theater. I figured there was a chance that she saw something in it that I didn't since the rating at the time of seeing it was 8.1. We both like a wide range of movies, and both like Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>The writing is awful, no conversations are realistic. The celebrity appearances seem to be vain attempts at working with those people. I saw "Uncut Gems", starring Adam Sandler-The Ridiculous 6, Reign Over Me; Idina Menzel-Glee_tv, Enchanted; LaKeith Stanfield-Knives Out, Get Out and Julia Fox-this is her first major movie.
First off, this is not a comedy. Most people would think it was with Adam Sandler in it but he has done a few other dramas. Here, he plays a New York City jeweler-he has his own store-and he is a bit of a hustler. He is always looking for a big score and when he sees a special on tv about some mining in South Africa, he has a brainstorm. He buys a raw opal-still in a chunk of rock-and sees huge dollar signs. There are a few cameos-The Weeknd, Judd Hirsch, John Amos-and one of them is a basketball player named Kevin Garnett. LaKeith is an employee of Adam's that introduces Kevin to Adam. Kevin is interested in the opal but Adam wants to put it up for auction-he sees bigger dollar signs if people are bidding on it. Adam is always placing bets-and loosing most of the time-so he has lots of people wanting their money from him and he thinks this is the big score to get him out of debt. Idina plays Adams' wife, who has just about had it with his gambling and Julia is one of Adam's employees/mistress. If you are interested in seeing Adam stretch his acting chops, you might like this one.
It's rated "R" for language, violence, drug use and sexual content-no nudity-and has a running time of 2 hours & 15 minutes.
It's not one that I would buy on DVD but it would be alright as a rental. Wanted to leave after the first 5 minutes. I was hoping that the intensity of it would subside, but it didn't. It stayed at one frantic level it seemed through the whole 135 min of the film. Well acted by all, and skillfully directed, but I just didn't want to be there. The score, though not something that would be on my playlist, was certainly appropriate, and compelling In its way. It was by Daniel Lopatin. lI think it is the type of film that you just have to prepare yourself for, put your self in the right frame of mind, and dive in, and then you ride it, and be thrilled by it. Adam Sandler is proof again that comedians can be the best actors, they know how to use talk, they knowhow to talk, how to tell a story. Why yelling so much??? Really difficult to watch. If you don't want to lose 2 hours of your life, don't watch It ! I liked the movie a lot , it was an intense 2 hour watch , a few twist and turn of events, Adam Sandler plays a character you absolutely dislike till the third act of the movie, he is a ruthless and devious business man who has a gambling addiction, who is consumed with scoring big at any circumstance, his performance was brilliant and manic at the same time, the overall structure of the movie moved at a fast pace and wasted no time making it's point about the Horrors of being trapped by your own deeds and the hand dealt to you because of it, a good crime thriller. After watching this movie, you could almost say "Based on a True Story." Very good. Got excited watching the action, excitement, humor into the end. Well-made, well-acted. Adam Sandler has made a nice movie that pretty much sums up a person's life: you work hard, play hard, earn hard; in the end someone else ends up with all of your life's achievements. Perfect 10! I only give 10s on movies I personally enjoy watching. You want to punch Howard in the head!! Compulsive gambler with a whirlwind insane life!! I screamed at the screen like 29,000 times. KG is great as well. Surprised how great he did. Glad I was able to see a screening of this. My first. The theater was icy quiet and the theater was screaming in shock at other times. Well worth it. The fast paced dialogue goes with the insanity. Highly recommended. If you took the Wachowskis and Coen Bros. and put them together, you'd have the Safdie Bros. What the Wachowskis did for action flicks and the Coen Bros did for crime drama, the Safdie Bros do for neo-noir. Their style of direction does keep you on edge for the finale.<br/><br/>I'd give it a 10 star rating but that is for great, uplifting movies with a moral. 9 is for great, tragic movies with a moral (Noirs), and 8 is good to great movie. This movie was INTENSE. To put this into scale, the scenes where the characters are merely watching basketball games are the somehow full of unrivaled tension that I've never felt from a film before. I'm 16 and I've seen my fair share of movies, everything from the greats (Shawshank, Platoon, Natural Born Killers, Citizen Kane, etc.) to the stinkers (Troll 2, Stone Cold, etc.). This movie easily tops the list of the most intense films that I have ever seen. Besides from the sheer intensity, Adam Sandler gives a knockout performance as Howard. I was completely engaged in his character the entire time I was watching the movie, never believing for one second that Sandler was any other character. The acting from Julia Fox is especially convincing as well; she has quite a future in the film industry. The cinematography is beautiful, the acting is fantastic, the story is tense, exciting, and very well thought-out, and the ending will most likely catch you completely off guard. I know it did to me. Uncut Gems is on Netflix if you want to watch it, but for the more faint of heart, take a break around the hour and twenty minute mark and let yourself breathe. You may forget to. One of the things that great movies do is they make you care about one or more of the lead actors. While I admit Mr. Sandler created an incredible transformation to get into the character he was portraying on the screen, there was nothing in the first 65 minutes that truly made me CARE for him or any of the other characters. It was at that point that I turned the film off ... because I never got to the point that I cared enough about his (or other) character(s) to make me want to see the second half.<br/><br/>The foul language also did not help. It became annoying and overtly gratuitous. SORRY but I have no idea how this is good. 8 days of Christmas on Crack. Then the music. Just too much going on.n Did not get it I'm not a Sandler fan but he did a pretty good job. But good God that highly distracting and utterly useless 80's music that sounded like it was playing off a warped tape over the dialogue was ridiculous. Fire the morons involved with that aspect. Don't ever do that to a movie ever again. Some guy running around avoiding debts hes made, making more debts for like an hour straight. Also, its so loud, very annoyingly loud. I stopped watching half way through, plot was boring and the characters are uninterestingly yelling at each other. I couldn't enjoy it because it was all screaming, fighting, cussing, all wrapped up in lies and high stakes betting. I'm a cusser, but even this was Was too much for me. I Think the premise is good just way too chaotic and stressful. Terrible movie. Seemed like it was never going to end. Too much shouting and no real story line. Very bad movie. I don't understand why this was rated so high. It was very anticlimactic, and I have nothing good to say about it. Look
Great characters although you don't learn their true relationships.
They whip you up and drop you off the edge of a cliff with a stupid ending.<br/><br/>The goons kill Adam Sandler -
In a gold mart store where there are cameras in the room, in the door way, out side in the hall, in the elevator, in the lobby and outside the building. They were not goon characters that were really really stupid. Not to mention they away their pay day. I thought Adam Sandler did a great job playing this very unlikeable character, but that was the only good part of this film. The soundtrack is odd. I get that they were going for an 80s-90s vibe, which would make sense if it were SET in that time period. The sound just doesn't fit a movie set in 2012. The story- like others said, it's just a whole lot of yelling at each other with a "where's the money" theme to the point that because they're all talking over each other it's hard to know why they're even arguing. At the end I saw it coming when someone got shot, it seemed to be escalating that way. But it felt a little unfinished. What happens to the girlfriend? The family? We leave the movie knowing nothing except that someone is dead. I can't imagine what is wrong with the sound editors who produced this chaotic cacophony of a movie. Only suitable for unthinking individuals with ADHD who can't stay focused without sensory overload. Garbage. Avoid. This felt like it was never going to end. Just one f bomb after another. Just a cluster of stress As most disappointed viewers posted, this was nothing but a string of loud, chaotic scenes with people screaming at each other. I forced myself to watch to the end because I love Eric Bogosian, but even he couldn't turn this mess of a movie around. If I could have rated it a '0' I would have. What a disaster. What is up with this horribly inappropriate 80's synth soundtrack? If he was happy... 80's synth. If he was unhappy... the same 80's synth. If something good was happening... the same 80's synth. If something bad was happening... the same 80's synth. Starting to see a pattern here? Don't get me wrong... I love 80's movies and their synth soundtracks... But in this movie it was all kinds of wrong. There was little change in the tempo or feel of the score regardless of what was occurring in the screen. More often than not it was completely inappropriate to the plot or what the characters were feeling in that scene.<br/><br/>Credit to Sandler who puts in a solid performance. The constant yelling and talking nonsense over the top of each other was frustrating. The story itself was passable (but not stellar or even gripping) and by itself would have been just enough to keep me hanging on to the end... But after 1hr I could handle the ridiculous loud soundtrack no more. So I watched the rest in fast forward, purely out of morbid curiosity as to whether he succeeds or not. That wasn't good at all now was it ? It was a challenge to get through it. Have absolutely no idea how this turd got anything higher than a 2. I made it an hour and tapped out. The only thing this movie offers up is non stop cussing, non stop screaming and hollering, and non stop jobber jabber. Ive had bowel movements provide me more pleasure than this movie. A lot of people were shocked Sandler didnt get nominated for an Oscar... Watch this stupid b movie and you'll know exactly why. Good grief what a waste of tIme.... Just watched it and as a whole, the movie is messy. There are parts that go on way too long (like the walking!?) and the pace is kinda erratic. Now, Sandlers ACTING is good, I did not, however, like his script. I get the whole degenerate gambler bit, but idk, there was just something about some of his dialogue that really bothered me. (I think part of the reason is that I HATE characters that are so clearly liars, yet everyone puts up with it, besides the wife. Probably why I stopped watching Shameless.) The big bet on the game was dramatic, but since I didn't like Sandler's character, I wasn't that into the decision.<br/><br/>And what's up with Demany (or whatever). His character was pointless, besides showing that he was a liar and irresponsible too. Could argue it's his fault.<br/><br/>Anyways, I heard a lot of good things about this and I was disappointed. But Sandler shows he can be more than just comedy. You may like it or you may hate it...but, you definitely have to get past the most ABSURD amount of profanity ever in a movie. Absolutely ridiculous amount of profanity in this movie...ALMOST EVERY OTHER WORD. Good story, tense moments, good acting...but, INSANE amount of profanity. Just letting you know. Watching this movie is like watching a movie with a car chase and the chase runs the entire movie and you never know what's going on and your heart is pounding following the main character thinking at any minute he's going to get killed or something terrible is going to happen. I like movies that are not boring but this is too far the other way. I literally had to take pepto while watching this movie. Everything about this movie is so realistic. Adam Sandler is known for his comedy acting. But in his role as Howard, he deserves an Oscar. The directing is top notched. Loved it. I'd rather have a root canal than to have had to watch the entire movie! The acting was bad and the background music drowned everything out. Too much swearing that was unnecessary. Good movie but the over the top shouting and frenetic pace in every single scene was just too much! It's not an easy movie to watch! It's not relaxing, it gets your blood pressure up, you could also develop a migraine watching this! It's just average for me! I have suffered only a few panic attacks in my time. Without going into medical and psychological jargon, I can tell you that it feels as if all the stress of the world is focused on you along with increase in heart rate; basically it feels as if you are going crazy with worry, while having a heart attack. Without mimicking the feelings and in all the most entertaining ways Uncut Gems is a two hour panic attack. However, do not in any way allow this to deter you from seeing this phenomenal flick. I was on the edge of my seat and in a constant state of suspense throughout the entire runtime. The movie hits you like a bolt of adrenaline.
The basic story of the movie revolves around Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler), a diamond district jeweler in 2012, New York. Ratner is in a very stress film environment that could pop at any moment. He owes $100,000 to load shark Arno (Eric Bogosian) who is growing impatient and sending hired muscle to rough Ratner up in order to "encourage" him to pay his debt. His long suffering wife Dinah (Idina Menzel) wants a divorce, his mistress Julia (Julia Fox) is requiring a more lavish lifestyle that Ratner can afford, and he is alienating nearly everyone around him with his scheming ways and crippling gambling addiction.
Everything seems lost until Ratner receives an extremely rare opal (an Uncut Gem) from Ethiopia, that took him over and a year and a half to obtain. He is planning on selling to at an auction that all but guarantees him to net at least one million dollars. But things get interesting when he lends his favorite NBA player, Kevin Garnett (playing himself) the opal when the player becomes enamored with it and promises to return it the following day. Soon Ratner's life becomes a constant spiral of peril when Garnett fails to return the opal, and Ratner cannot get ahold of him, along with Arno getting more "physical" with Ratner to pay him his money along with his gambling debts that are getting so bad that his bookie is pretty much begging with him to take a break.
The biggest surprise about the film is just how good Adam Sandler is as Howard Ratner. I never thought I would be praising Sandler's performance based on his track record of films. I mean, he is usually synonymous with crude, juvenile, and lame humor, atrocious movies, and obnoxious, annoying characters. This role allows him to become the selfish and irresponsible jeweler. His infectious grin, used car salesman demeanor, and charisma make him seem as if he was born for his profession. It is to the credit of Sandler that he makes the character likable and sympathetic. As impulsive and crazy as Howard may be, I could not help but root for him and wanting him to come away unscathed even though he keeps digging himself a bigger hole. He loves to gamble, because he desires the suspense. He's the type of person who could win one billion dollars and blow his entire earning in bets by the end of the weekend. It's a crime that Sandler failed to receive an Oscar nomination.
The other performances are all very good also Idina Menzel does have a little bit of the thankless role of playing Howard's put upon wife. Although, at first she seems to always be complaining and putting her husband down, but when think about what she most likely put up with for 15 years it seems like she is letting him off easy. Kevin Garnett does decent job at playing a hopefully exaggerated version of himself and is not afraid of making his character idiotic and unlikable. Judd Hirsch briefly appears in the movie as Howard father-in-law and does an admirable job. Julia Fox is a newcomer but tackles her role like a seasoned pro as Howard's much younger, but loyal and loving girlfriend. Also Eric Bogosian still working which is great to know and illustrates why he needs to do more films period.
This is the second film I have seen from the Safdie Brothers who blew me away with the similar character study with Good Time in 2017, demonstrating that Robert Pattinson can act when given great material. Uncut Gems never lets up for the entire runtime, whether you are seeing Howard getting chased by loan sharks at his daughter's school play, pawning valued sports memorabilia to get quick cash to place his bets, or asking his father-in-law Gooey (Judd Hirsch) to help drive up a price at an auction neither have the money for in order for him to net more of a profit for the opal Howard is auctioning. The film is 2 hours and 15 minutes and I enjoyed every second of it. It is a shame that the movie did not get a best picture nomination at the Academy Awards, because it was the most deserving film that year. This is one film you do not want to miss and is the best movie of 2019.<br/><br/>Final Grade: A+ Waste of time, it's just shouting and screaming for no reason..just noise
Who calls this a movie ? Too much noise, a lot of things going on at once. Impossible to catch up. It gave me a headache. Good trama but very difficult to keep watching This movie was recommended and after watching not sure why. The acting is awful the story is a mess. Adam Sandler cannot act. Are the high views from Netflix and Sandler fanboys and girls? From start to finish, this movie is a barrage of noise, stress, yelling and complaining. Made all the worse with a bad plot, bad ending and a terrible soundtrack.
Just an excruciating experience all round. It legitimately gave me a headache - never had a movie achieve that before. Overnoisy.Overannoying.Bad soundtrack.Bad acting from everybody plus a bad plot.YIKES This is the dumbest one of the worst things I've ever watched in my life. Filled with unnecessary scenes of filler; just an absolute bore! How do I put this, lots of people don't like Adam Sandler because of his goofiness, I always defend him, but the way he portraits this character in this movie, let me down big time with his all cursing words throughout the movie. I know there will be curse in movies but for me, that was a little too much. maybe I should have read the rating but then again most of his movie isn't like this one. anyway, it was a good movie and without all that cursing I would have give this movie and 8. I guess I will never see Adam Sandler the same way. sry But that just my opinion like everyone else here. Props to Adam Sandler for getting out of his comfort zone. He was surprisingly good in this considering all he had done was shooting B comedies for the last 5-6 years on Netflix or DTV. But man, this movie is LOUD. I've watched this with with headphones and the first 10 minutes or so the score was scratching my ear and I had to skip a few tenths just to see if it ended and it did(well not really but they were considerably shorter than 10 minutes). Everybody is yelling CONSTANTLY, score from the 80s is UNBEARABLE, dialogues is not clear because everyone is yelling over each other and the characters actions just doesn't make sense. The ending wasn't any better, i sit there dumbfounded and was wondering what the hell happened. Cinematography was good but the sound department really dropped the deuce on this one. A pure masterpiece. This was hectic from. The get go. My second favourite movie of 2019 (The Irishman is my favorite) Adam Sandler is incredible in this movie and the climax is very Shocking. There has never been a movie that has filled me with such anxiety and paranoia as Uncut Gems. Every little detail in this film is built to make you uneasy. From the uncertain chain of events, to the close up shots, to the dialogue consisting mainly of yelling, everything digs into you and doesn't let go. It's a shame that Sandler was not nominated for an Oscar last year, because I believe he would've won. For anyone that thinks Adam Sandler is a one trick pony who only does stupid comedies, take a look at the complex role he plays here. Behind his altered looks and boisterous voice, Sandler plays a truly vulnerable and desperate character here. It's one of the best leading performances I've ever seen filmed before. Even Kevin Garnett gives a very fitting and memorable performance here, deserving of more recognition in my opinion. This movie tops the Safdie brothers' (directors) previous film, Good Time, which was a masterpiece itself. I have no complaints at all about this movie, everything is masterful and it's one of the wildest experiences I've ever had watching a movie. It will be sure to go down as a classic in the next decade or so, guaranteed. Please don't see this movie. Crapy and hideously bad. The only reason why I chose to watch this movies on Netflix is because of Adam Sandler, and boy, this is not a typical Adam Sandler movie. It's more like a Philip Seymour Hoffman kind of role with a lot of oblivion. The one question that pondered me all night long( I watched this movie around 10 pm on a Saturday Night after my work) is that - why the heck would Sandler do movies like this ? Is it because his regular trendy movies are being box office bombs lately? I don't know, you guys need to tell me. It looked like he is taking the path of Once Legendary - Nicolas Cage, John Travolta, Ethan Hawk and Edward Norton. Looks more like a commotion and ruckus, rather than a compelling story telling. My wife gave it up half way of the movie but I still felt Sandler's character would pull off a huge gamble at the very end- he did but only to get shot and be dead ! What in the world is the director thinking ? On top of that the guy who hires goons to collect debt from Sandler also get shot and the goons walk away with all the stolen money, with their faces being recorded all over the place in broad daylight - Nonsense !! I love his movies but honestly what where you thinking?? Worst waste of time ever watching this lame movie that ends awful! Not as good as Good time, but boy, what a ride! Sandler deserved at least a nomination from the academy, but not a win. Million miles an hour paced movie - no time for a bathroom break ! Loved it ! KG was awesome ! Just watch it and reply ! No doubt this is one of the best movies i have watched lately, and probably the best in 2019. Sandler deserved an oscar for this. I was expecting to see this movie, and i was expecting a good movie. I was wrong abou that. This is not a good movie. This is an amazing movie. Absolutly great. Great movie, tense for the whole movie. I liked it even more because Nick Elliot didn't like it. Hats off to safdie brothers and Adam Sandler,
Must watch Adam deserves a Oscar for this movie. This film played in theatres in the US, but was released by Netflix internationally. It dropped last week and I just got the chance to watch it. Wow! I was blown away and loved it. Several friends had raved about it, but from what I knew of the film, and the Safdie brothers (recently profiled in the New Yorker), I didn't think it would be my thing. I was totally wrong. It's extremely anxiety-inducing, with an excellent and propulsive score, as I nearly held my breath the entire time, while poor Howard made one bad decision after another. Adam Sandler was phenomenal in what is probably his best performance ever. This is an intense and exhilarating movie-going experience. Highly recommend. Couldn't stand it so stopped watching 10 mins in. Full of shouting over a very noisy soundtrack. We made a good call of not wasting our time further. Worst movie I have seen in a long time,
Cannot be described as a movie
It's just cut scenes connected together with a lot of shouting and terrible soundtrack People here make this film so much deeper than it is?
There's a gamble addict who is abusive to his fling and doesn't appreciate his family.
Everyone is always yelling, all these people need to do a course in communication. Everyone in this film makes bad decisions. The fascination seems deeper at first, but the player just makes it his lucky charm, that's all.
Then the entirety of the film is just about solving one problem and creating 99 new ones. The ONLY impressive thing i could name was the acting. Everyone is frantically yelling at all times so that must've been tiring.
The lesson in the end seems to be "gambling never pays off", which you're also taught in high school, so no need to watch this.
Also Adam Sandler is somehow still like his normal character in films, but somehow added into a more pretentious script. The filmmaking was great. I mean, it is A24, and they don't play around with subpar films. But trying to deal with the subject matter, accents, and characters was like grinding my brain on the concrete after being ejected from an automobile. Do people speak like this, act like this on the east coast? Are money and materialism this important to some people? My girlfriend couldn't handle it. It was insanely annoying. It was a whole other level of annoying. I really dislike Adam Sandler. The way he speaks makes me want to pull his tongue out. This film was almost as annoying as 'Mother'. Its the first time i get headaches from a movie score.
25 minutes in and i couldnt wait for it to finish. I love Sandler (count out Jack and Jill :P ) but this....... Some of Adam Sandler's older films are very gd. Big daddy, waterboy, happy gimmore etc... They are amazing but I wouldn't want to watch them now that I'm an adult (31yrs old). This has been true with his more recent films, just not a fan as too slapstick and in your face. This almost deterred me from watching uncut gems. Thank god it didn't...<br/><br/>I had a good idea what this film would be like. Some dark comedy, a bit trippy, maybe an overload. Well I was right to an extent, but in every area it really did over deliver. It's INSANE!<br/><br/>First 40 mins I thought, yep as expected. A bit hard to follow as it's mental. Next 40 I was thinking ah OK, this is very engaging. Then for the remainder I was just hooked and blown away. Just brilliant. Adam is an absolute genius and this proves he is a real artist.<br/><br/>Sooo impressed, just fighting the itch to watch it again. At the final credits I literally sat their staring at the screen just thinking wow that was intense. Very very rare for me. Just fantastic. I'll watch again within a few days.<br/><br/>It will be too much for some, but if you really know films, this will hit you. Enjoy the ride... Wow .. this movie is just - as someone else already stated - 135 minutes of noise! People screaming in every single scene..
I was exhausted after watching this movie..<br/><br/>Adam Sandler's performance got it the 3 stars after all, as he played well, being an obnoxious jeweler that makes stupid choices every single time... Over-exaggerated, obnoxious and predictable. It's a typical Adam Sandler movie, except it's not a comedy. The "suspense" is induced by the unbearable incoherent mess as opposed to the writing or the story.
Maybe it's just me, but watching a blabbering fool make the predictably worst choices for 2 hours is just not entertaining. Yeah, Adam Sandler played, perfectly, an asshole shyster prick deserving of ZERO sympathy by anyone with a pulse, and the supporting cast delivered as well. As a fast paced thriller, that also worked. But the fact that they shoved basketball down your throat was overkill as far as I'm concerned and ruined the movie. I'd only recommend this film if you think the NBA is greater than sliced bread. Like when you start into smth with absolutely no expectancy for a jewel ;) I am not a Sandler fan and I find most of his comedy films boring and same !
However, this was a really good drama ! A New York City jeweler finds himself in a hard spot when he owes many different people money that he does not have. Wow... this is Adam Sandler's best movie ever. He plays the role of a jeweler that to be honest, is a loser that cannot control his gambling habits. And yet we route for him throughout this movie because Adam Sandler gives us one of the best performances of the year. This and Joaquin Phoenix's performance in Joker are an easy top of 2019. Another great performance is the one by Julia Fox. This is her first movie and she made it look like she was a veteran. Even my boy KG aka Kevin Garnett had a good performance. The script and speed of the movie was spot on. It never dragged and it always felt like we were moving. While watching this movie you feel as if you are on the ride with Adam Sandler's character. The Safdie brothers did an amazing job with this and they got a great group of actors and actresses for this film. They deserve a ton of credit. I made my Top 10 of 2019 before watching this film, but if I hd already seen this film, this would have been number 2 on the list. This was a great experience in the theater and I suggest you go watch it as well. Definitely not a family movie though! Uncut Gems was amazing! Dreadful to watch the main character disintegrate. sandler plays a loathsome person with no redeeming qualities. none. felt like punishment to watch. wanted to walk out, wished I had. unrelentingly grim. awful. Adam is winner and always winner to thios awesome mocvie yo double g hamburger This film understands the difference between a crime drama and a crime thriller. This film was extremly well executed at being suspenseful, fast paced, exciting and intense. Sandler gives such a great performance along with the fact that we in the audience are rooting for him even though his character is a dirtbag there are still moments of humanity along with character development brought in. He really does a good job of elevating his role to a point where you almost understand why he does the things he does but then when he does do something stupid you understand why he would choose to do that because he portrays his character so well. I really enjoyed the screenplay I loved some of the nods to 70s and 80s crime/thrillers. The direction is fantastic and really hits home base. However, most of all the original score is what brings this film to a whole new level. It is pounding and riveting with some classic 80s synth to make it slick and you can literally feel your heart race speed up and become on par with the score as the film progresses. Gambling is bad for you, kids. But Adam Sandler is very good in this movie. VERY good. He is almost unrecognizable as the scummy jewelry salesman whose life is in complete shambles and a complete sham. I was hooked from the get-go. Not happy but a must see. An Oscar Worthy performance from Adam Sandler. The very idea seems utterly ludicrous, like a kind, caring Nazi, or Trump and Hillary having a friendly dinner together. If you had told me a year ago that there would be serious awards show buzz around Adam freaking Sandler, I would have told you that you were out of your damned mind. And yet this is exactly what Uncut Gems delivers.<br/><br/>The performance in question is Sandler's portrayal of high-strung, freewheeling Jewish jewelry dealer Howard Ratner. By all reasoning Howard should be on top of the world. He runs one of the most exclusive jewelry stores in New York, selling bling to rappers and pro athletes. He's got a fancy house on Long Island with a beautiful wife and three kids, plus a swanky apartment with an even prettier young mistress. And he's right on the brink of the biggest deal of his career; auctioning a rock full of uncut Ethiopian black opals. Life should be good.<br/><br/>Except that none of his employees or business partners can stand him, his wife is filing for divorce, and he's up to his ears in gambling debts that are long past due and he can't pay off. Which is why all of his hopes and dreams are riding on this set of opals. Which makes it all the more inexplicable that he chooses to loan it out to Celtics power forward Kevin Garnett- who promptly drops off the radar, leaving Howard to desperately search for his gems while fending off loan sharks and juggling irate family members, impatient clients, and all the other drama in his life. The result is a frantic, chaotic, frequently nail-biting, sometimes claustrophobic, but always fascinating mashup of a movie.<br/><br/>Now it's no wonder that almost no-one in Howard's life can stand him. He is so abrasive; so loud and shrill and short tempered. He has no filter, no chill, no good judgement. He just can't stop mouthing off, getting people's faces, pushing away and pissing off everyone around him. And above all, no matter how deeply in debt he is, he just cannot stop making bets with other people's money. He's hurtling to his doom, pushing pedal to the metal the whole time, and he's the only one who can't see it.<br/><br/>Sandler plays all of this perfectly. He makes Howard utterly pathetic yet deeply sympathetic, unlikeable yet somehow endearing, and always relatable. And yes, as with most of Sandler's roles, he can be very annoying. But this time he's annoying on purpose, and in all the right ways. Watching the utter mess that is his life playing out, you find yourself rooting for him in spite of yourself. You desperately want for his luck to turn around, and for him to break free of his self-destructive cycle, even as you know deep down that it will never happen.<br/><br/>I deeply hope that this marks the beginning of a new chapter in Sandler's career. I pray that we will see him in more productions like this. This movie is proof positive that given the right material and a serious director who won't let him phone it in or pull any of his usual BS, Adam Sandler can do brilliant work, so here's to more of it.<br/><br/>It really is amazing that a movie about such a BS spewing phony can be so authentic. Harold is living in an utter fantasy world of his own making, yet every minute of this movie is so raw and unfiltered. The cutthroat world of the diamond trade, the sleazy, drug fueled club scene, the bookies, loan sharks, and collections men, even the human cost of the mining industry are all shown in unflinching detail. It can be hard to watch, but boy is it ever real.<br/><br/>That's not to say that parts of this movie aren't incredibly stylized. This is a movie that knows how to do montages and quick cuts, showing us dazzling gems from every possible angle. The nightclub scenes are a swirling, vertigo inducing kaleidoscope of light and sound, and the opening sequence of the camera zooming in ever closer on the opal is like a cross between a motion simulator ride and an acid trip.<br/><br/>As much as Sandler's performance, it's suspense that drives this production, and oh how the Safdie brothers know how to pile it on. The entire movie is laced with increasing tension as time runs ever shorter for Howard to find his opal, and the threats from the collection men get more frequent and less veiled. Then the final act ratchets it up to pure, edge of your seat suspense- and turns Uncut Gems into a full-on sports movie.<br/><br/>And that's where things really get brilliant. Every play, every basket will have you on the edge of your seat. With so much riding on the outcome, you'll be invested in every moment of gameplay, which is all the better for being actual NBA game footage. And my goodness, this ending. I thought that after everything I'd seen so far, nothing would shock me, but man was I wrong. When it comes, it feels inevitable and yet truly surprising, which is no mean feat.<br/><br/>This movie is a huge achievement, both for Sandler and the Safdie brothers. It's not a movie for the squeamish or easily offended. It isn't always pleasant or even comfortable to watch. But it is absolutely spellbinding and brilliant on so many levels. It's one of the year's best movies, and hopefully a sign of things to come. An absolute mess! Picture a boring script getting torn to shreds and neglectfully taped back together while missing key elements. Boring and dull portions seem to have been emphasized. Plot felt like it was deprived of everything that could have made it decent. Despite headaches from his constant screaming, Sandler delivers a fair performance and depicts his character quite well. He is not to be blamed for this disasterpiece. So, we have a movie based in New York, about Gems, with lots of shouting. Surprise surprise the star is a bad. I sense some typecasting here. Uncut gems, directed by the Safdie Brothers, is a Jam-Packed anxiety-inducing thriller, that delivers a jolt of adrenaline, right to the edge of your seat.<br/><br/>The ominous-sounding trailer along with a dazzling smile Sandler lends KG, immediately alludes to the gem this movie will be from the get-go.<br/><br/>Here...<br/><br/>We...<br/><br/>Go...<br/><br/>Expect an assertive, brash and modest amount of tension thrust upon you, as Howard's life (Sandler) unfolds right in front of you.<br/><br/>It's a never-ending teeth-clenching experience that you're on a ride for.<br/><br/>If you're particularly fond of these fast-paced thrillers and your cake is a film with ever-increasing pacing, beat to beat tension (from the beginning to the end) then Uncut Gems is the thriller for you. Movies have always been a nice way to escape reality, especially from the pressures of life which seem to ebb and flow in unsubtle waves. To this end, the Safdie brothers have offered us Uncut Gems, which is an artistic way to become really sweaty and nervous, a movie which should come with a hot towel scented lightly with lemon juice to clean ourselves, our hands, our eyes, our minds.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is a good movie, one which I never want to endure again, because it tenders a sort-of reverse escapism. If Requiem for a Dream can keep someone away from heroin, I hope Uncut Gems is a counterpart for avoiding gambling. Adam Sandler, who garnered fame for portraying obnoxiousness incarnate for laughs, stretches his acting chops far and wide by portraying obnoxiousness incarnate for pity. Kevin Garnett is perfect as Kevin Garnett, and ditto for The Weeknd.<br/><br/>Yet it is Wayne Diamond, whose pearly whites chew up the casino scenes, maybe typecast as Handsome Older Man, who haunts us for hours after the credits roll. Is he Peter Fonda with a lot of makeup? Unlikely, for he left the planet in August. Is Wayne Diamond his real name? All signs point to yes. Should there be more of Wayne Diamond doing movie stuff? Absolutely, kid. I truly appreciated Sandler in this role & would like to see more from him, as I think he's outgrown the silly satire. I felt for his character....he's a genuinely good guy -ruled by his emotions, so he pays the price over & over again because of it.<br/><br/>The camera directing bugged the heck out of me though!! Nearly every scene was an extreme closeup, as if I was sitting in the front row at a movie theater. So I was constantly wanted them to visually back off. Realy realy nice
Good perform from adam sandler
His act was as good as punch drunk love orbeven bettter I hated the trailer for this movie and thought this movie would be terrible. I decided to give it a shot, and was glad I did! I was on the edge of my seat most of the movie. Go see it! Adam Sandler's degree of difficulty to make a shady, frenetic character likeable and maintain that persona throughout an entire movie: 10. Yet he achieved it.<br/><br/>
If you doubt that such a role is immensely difficult, I invite you to watch a much-lesser-known movie that I saw earlier this year: Maxim Stoyanov in the supporting role of Dima in "Give Me Liberty." In that movie, the director seemed to realize a few days into principal photography that Stoyanov was much more charismatic than the lead, then he was torn between following the main character's story and Dima. Stayanov tried to maintain his frenetic charm throughout the movie, but he was severely underserved by a fairly weak script and an indecisive director. He was also not as adept and experienced as Sandler, so his performance eventually caused Dima to seem like a two dimensional cartoon character. I got bored with him.<br/><br/>I was NEVER bored with Sandler in this movie. His performance and the supporting cast's performances always lent a realistic feeling to the production. Martin Scorsese is one of its executive producers, so I'm unsurprised that it's a great film.<br/><br/>I have minor complaints with this film. I disliked the loud, busy musical accompaniment that played when it was following Ratner in the city during our introduction to him. People were yelling over blaring non-diegetic music. Annoying. I also disliked that it ended in a way that all of us suspected that it was going to end. Again, minor complaints. I thought uncut gems was a good film! The story was a little slow but the last 45 mins of the film is tense and great! Sandler is on his A game like I've never seen him before. He is so good in this role and plays the character great! All the awards and attention he is getting g is well deserved. If your a sports fan, betting fan, or Sandler fan you need to see this movie! First of all, if you have diagnosed anxiety, don't watch this movie. This was the most stressful movie I have ever watched. Adam Sandler plays the main role, but this film is not funny. This movie left a churning feeling in my stomach and I was unnerved the entire time. This movie is a very interesting role for Adam Sandler but was worth it at the end of the day, his serious role in this movie as a scumbag jeweler is amazing and should be seen if your into nonstop action and drama in movies. First Hit: A wild ride with a Jewish, gem selling, obsessive gambler.<br/><br/>This film starts oddly because we move between the inside of a large black opal to the colon of gem and watch seller Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler). Eerily some of the camera images reflect the similarity between both, and I guess that was the point.<br/><br/>We follow Howard on the streets of New York, gregariously saying "hello" to many individuals he comes across as he makes his way to his store. The double door security that these small gem sellers use. I want to note that these doors become part of the story. Getting buzzed in by his beautiful assistant and girlfriend Julia (Julia Fox), he heads to his office in a very anxious, nervous way.<br/><br/>The one characteristic behavior Howard displays throughout the film is one of being chased, corralled, and almost being caught but finding a way to talk himself out of being beaten up or killed each time. This is the ride we are on with Howard throughout the film.<br/><br/>As a gambler that owes his brother-in-law Arno (Eric Bogosian) over $100K, and other people money from his sports gambling losses, we see him in sequences of pawning stuff, giving people watches as collateral, and making wild, complex sports bets.<br/><br/>Arriving at his desk in an early scene, he receives a Styrofoam box, which has him very excited. Opening the box, there are two fish, he squeezes each of them looking to feel something. We know this is an illicit shipment of something. He finally cuts one open to reveal the sizeable uncut opal we saw, and were inside of, in the opening sequence.<br/><br/>His plan is to auction the opal off for nearly a million dollars, and it will free him from the money he owes to bookies and to finalize the divorce his wife Dinah (Idina Menzel) while providing for his three kids, and make his girlfriend happy.<br/><br/>Enter Kevin Garnett, the basketball player. He's brought to Howard's store because of their mutual friend "The Weekend" (The Weekend). Howard shows him some of the stuff in the store and in a moment of pride, shows him the uncut opal. Kevin is mesmerized by the opal and asks to take it for a night. Reluctantly, Howard agrees if Kevin gives up his Boston Celtics championship ring as collateral. Thinking he can get away with it, Howard pawns Kevin's ring to make a quick bet hoping to capitalize a big win and pay everyone back, get the ring out of hock, auction the stone, make a bunch of money and live a happy fulfilled life with his girlfriend.<br/><br/>However, we know compulsive gamblers rarely finish first, and so the film follows this big setup until its end.<br/><br/>The scenes where Howard is having difficult conversations with his wife, bookies, or employees, are amazing and probably not easy to do. He seems to never hear what the other person is saying and continues the conversation as if the person whom he's speaking with understood and agreed with what he has said. This is rarely the case and so there are many scenes where people are merely talking over each other. Listening to these two different dialogues and attempting to follow both conversations during a shouting session was both amusing and challenging.<br/><br/>I thought the scenes were very well set up in that they seemed to always have an edge that everything was going to come off the rails any minute. There was a franticness in everything on the screen that kept the film moving along at a rapid clip despite its 135-minute running time.<br/><br/>Sandler was perfect for this role, and I could easily see why the Safdie brothers wanted him for the part. Like the film "Punch Drunk Love," Sandler can bring a desperate dark edge to his characters and make it totally believable. Here the monster is his addiction to the big win. Maybe an Oscar-worthy performance. Garnett was terrific as himself. That might sound funny, but often sports stars are awkward when being filmed, but Kevin was dynamite. The Weekend was perfect as the sly, trying to make a buck, go-between. Two scenes stood out; one in Howard's office when he discovers Howard has been selling, hawking, or giving away the watches that he's stored in Howards safe. The other scene that stood out was in the nightclub when Howard confronts him about the opal. Fox was excellent as Howard's lover. The scenes in the apartment and in the Vegas betting room were well done and it's the latter where she stood out. Menzel as Howard's wife was utterly sarcastic and disengaged from their relationship. The look on her face when she opened their Mercedes trunk with Howard inside was priceless. Bogosian was outstanding as Howard's brother-in-law and bank. Ronald Bronstein, Benny Safdie, and Josh Safdie wrote an engaging script. But it was the directing and acting of Sandler and the rest of the team that made this film work.<br/><br/>Overall: This film left me with mixed feelings, but I loved the story and the wild ride. Uncut Gems is a well-acted, intense, and obnoxious movie. The main character Howard Ratner is a shady gambling addict who neglects his family and gets himself into all sorts of trouble with loan sharks. I had hoped he would be a more likable character, but I ultimately found myself only wanting him to succeed simply so that he wouldn't get killed by the loan sharks.<br/><br/>There really isn't a redeemable male character in the whole movie with the exception of perhaps the wealthy but harmless man in the hotel suite who obliviously helps Howard's mistress, Julia. Howard's wife Dinah has every right to hate her disloyal husband, and Julia is surprisingly the most likable character in the film.<br/><br/>The stakes are high and the director really drives that fact home with what feels like non-stop yelling through out the over two-hour run-time. Characters are constantly shouting at each other and it became quite annoying. I understand that it may be realistic, but there are plenty of movies with high-stakes and a lot less screaming.<br/><br/>Something I will give the movie credit for is it does seem to be a true cautionary tale. Unlike other movies that glorify illegal activity, Uncut Gems makes the darkest aspects of sports gambling look very unappealing. Regardless, I am an Adam Sandler fan who was excited to see this movie, but I left disappointed. I am not saying it isn't well done, but it wasn't a film that I enjoyed or will plan to see again anytime soon. Uncut Gems might be the best film of 2019. Everything from the directing, to the soundtrack, to the writing and cinematography. And Christ, the acting. Adam Sandler gives quite possibly the best performance of his career as a charismatic yet overly ambitious jeweler, who never quite knows when to keep his wallet closed. The film is surprisingly very funny, which is only surprising based off of the advertisements and the films' overall sell as an "Sandman Drama". The humour works so well, it feels absolutely effortless. Audiences (including myself) have seem to forgotten how funny Sandler can be, this film proves that he still has it. It's just been hiding. The film is tense, hilarious, intimate, and very, very slick. Bound to be a modern classic. See this in a theater if you can, there hasn't been anything quite like it in a long time. Uncut Gems has been highly-praised by many, and even though I had a sneaking suspicion I wouldn't enjoy the film, I gave it a chance since it's streaming on Netflix. First and foremost, this movie was headache-inducing. There are so many scenes where people are all yelling at once, and talking over each other, it drove me crazy. I was struggling to follow anything that was going on, or who any of the characters were because they wouldn't shut up for even 2 seconds so I could make out a single line of dialogue. Almost every scene in the jewelry store was like this, and I'd frequently take a break from the film after one of these scenes just to decompress from the overstimulation of that chaos. Once they took a little time and started establishing an actual plot, I was at least glad that there was something I could follow. That's not to say I enjoyed the plot, though, because this isn't the kind of story that does much for me. Also, it wasn't just the chaotic dialogue that made the plot confusing, but the series of deals that the main character gets involved in started to overlap so much that it became impossible to track how much money he owed and to how many different people.<br/><br/>Therein lies the biggest problem I have with Uncut Gems. The entire plot structure is built around a guy who is entirely unlikeable (and fairly stupid) that constantly makes horrible decisions and digs himself into a deeper and deeper hole. The fact that he is so unpleasant sucks all tension and excitement from the film. It's obvious that the filmmakers want the audience to feel some type of stress as things come to a head in Uncut Gems, but I couldn't muster even an ounce of emotion since this is a guy who deserves to be beaten up or even killed. He cares about no one but himself, and hurts everyone around him. I've heard many say that Adam Sandler deserved some awards recognition for his performance in Uncut Gems, but I was struggling not to laugh as I kept hearing his other characters leak out in this performance. Sometimes he had a bit of Billy Madison or Happy Gilmore, and at one point I swear I heard The Waterboy and Opera Man coming out. There were many times that I was laughing during Uncut Gems, and I don't think they were intended to be comedic moments, particularly at the end. That conclusion was so fitting that I had a hearty laugh, and I almost turned a corner and thought it was a halfway decent film. Then I remembered all the things I hated before that and I don't think the end won me over enough. I can at least get a sense what others like about the movie, though. Ugh!! At one point the cast was screaming so loudly all at once it was giving me a headache. My husband thought it was interesting I could have used those 2 hours for something better This movie seems to be made to cause anxiety. The most redeeming character in the whole thing is a nameless goon that actually shows empathy for ten seconds. The main characters are all idiots and one dimensional. At one point, you're thinking he fully deserves whatever tragic fate is used to wrap up this mess of a movie. Very disappointed as I like comics in serious roles (Will Ferrell in Winter Passing, Robin Williams in a number of great ones, Jim Carrey in Eternal Sunshine, etc) so I was expecting Adam Sandler to be great in this. Instead, he's just shouting the whole time, and does nothing to cause you to root for him. I don't understand the good reviews or hype about this movie.<br/><br/>It's also flat out stupid how Kevin Garnett's "character" drives the plot with his silly infatuation with the mystic uncut gem. Adam sandler whit a24 its unexpecte but it is a great movie wow this movie its so stressfull and i dont undersent how adam sandler was not nominated for best actor Little to no plot development or character development. You keep hoping for these things but it's Adam Sandler swearing and shouting at others, acting like some some of confident crook. I couldn't take the boredom and gave up after an hour of watching it. I actually found Adam's character funny, and annoying of course. Just hours of cursing and yelling. I guess it's a story about what people are like when they consistently are in a vicious cycle of effing up. That's the movie, there are some "special" gems, bladerunner soundtrack, Howard's "bad" relationship with his family and business, and he trying to have luck... The character the Adam Sandler creates would be at 10 out of 10. To bad the movie is a fail. Outstanding film in Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu's aesthetic. It's a heavy, depressing film, not a light comedy. Don't listen to a simpleton who gives a grade of 1...Best role of Adam Sandler to date, great soundtrack from outstanding electronic musician Oneohtrix Point Never. Amazing director's work on the New Hollywood classics level. A masterpiece! I used to trust IMDb ratings, but oh my God those were definitely the worst 2 hours of my life that I've ever spent on a movie, i do not recommend it at all, even the music is horrible and doesn't even fit the movie Why a comedian wants to be a bad guy??? This is not good movie for Sandler... his act was very noisy!!! Story is awful you will not engoy it ,,itannoying you story is about bad person his life is very missy and full of proplem and he doesnt try to solve proplem but in the oppisite he make his proplem bigger
Not recommende this movie for anyone I can't believe what did I just watch. I actually quite enjoy some of Adam's films, but obviously not this one.
The talking between any characters are so loud and annoying. The background music is so wired and chaos! I don't know what to say... this movie just wasn't for me. It was kinda boring. Maybe I was too tired to focus. Adam Sandler cant act for nuts and I can't imagine why I watched this movie expecting something different. Don't waste your time. A movie with no mean.. they told us that crime has a benefit.. Two fringe characters won everything at the end .. and all the main characters in the movie ended up to nothing .. Who wrote the film are crime supporters I swear this is the worst movie ever ! I just spent 2 hours of my life watching CRAP litteraly Hectic. Doesn't make sense. All the 5 stars go towards the creativity and for trying something new. Did not like it or take anything from it. Usually I don't write reviews but this one had to be written to help you reading this to not waste your time Uncut Gems arrived here in Australia somewhat unceremoniously last night, coming straight to Netflix without any sort of cinema release. Theatres over here aren't a fan of Netflix making their films available for streaming in a number of weeks (instead of months) after the theatrical debut. Based on the strength of the Safdie Brothers' filmography, as well as the high amount of critical acclaim Uncut Gems has received, I was happy to see it at a cinema, but unfortunately I had to watch it home. It's hard to imagine much of the impact was lost, however. The screen may not have been as big nor the chaotic sound mix quite as booming, but Uncut Gems still proved to be a frantic, highly entertaining, utterly squirm-inducing (in a good way) film that ranks up there among my personal favourites of 2019 (one of the strongest years for movies in recent memory).<br/><br/>Heaven Knows What (2014) was a Safdie Brothers film I watched recently, and it was really solid. Good Time (2017) was a significant step up, and it's stuck with me immensely since I saw it a couple of years ago. Uncut Gems is yet another step up the previous film in terms of quality. The Safdie Brothers seem to be on a roll, not only churning out good films reliably every 2-3 years, but improving their craft and skill as filmmakers with each and every one. I am beyond excited to see what they do next, and am glad movies like this one and Good Time are so dense and packed full of things to be enthralled by, so should prove plenty rewatchable to tide me over while waiting for their next film.<br/><br/>Their stunning screenplay and direction has made Uncut Gems one of the most compelling and well-paced movies of the year. And this is to say nothing of the talented cast all doing great work, with lead actor Adam Sandler impressing the most, and giving the best performance of his career up until this point. This isn't a comedy, now would I quite call it a dramedy- this is his most serious role to date and he excels in it, although I won't say it's a movie without humour. I found myself laughing a fair amount because of how intense it got at times, so honestly maybe that was something of a mechanism to deal with the stress of it all.<br/><br/>Because make no mistake: this is a stressful movie. Take a look at some of the other 700-something reviews posted to this website prior to mine, if you haven't already. Most will mention how intense, relentless, and even anxiety-provoking this movie is. Last year's excellent Parasite was similarly tense at times, but it wasn't as consistently tense as Uncut Gems proved to be. The plot starts almost straight away, and as soon as it does, it's already uncomfortable (in the best way possible), and as it goes on and various things spiral out of Sandler's character's control, it only gets worse. I was torn between squirming/ being on the edge of my seat, and being delighted that a movie was actually making me feel such visceral emotions. It doesn't happen very often, and for a bit over two hours I thoroughly loved giving myself over to the movie, letting it skill-fully manipulate and play with my emotions, releasing a surprising amount of adrenaline in the process. I watched it very late and still couldn't sleep for at least two hours after finishing it.<br/><br/>In time I could see this becoming a 10/10 in my eyes. It's almost flawless, and there's barely a dull moment. So consider my 9 rating something more like a 9.5/10, and given how stingy I am with 10/10 ratings, this is one that I highly recommend to anyone willing to put up with a breathless, very intense movie. I know not everyone wants to feel those things when they sit down and watch a film, so I'd advise those sorts of viewers to stay away (or make sure they're in the right mood for a movie like this before watching).<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is a movie that's going to stick with me, and now that it's easily available on Netflix, I can see myself rewatching it again very soon. Both the Safdie Brothers and Adam Sandler have never been better. If you go in knowing as little as possible and ready yourself for an insane ride, I can almost guarantee that a phenomenal experience awaits. I managed to catch this at a preview screening at the Edinburgh Filmhouse. I was very keen to see this based on positive reviews as well as with the knowledge that Oneohtrix Point Never was doing the score. I cant recall an electronic artist doing a major film score since Orbital did for the under par remake of Pusher.
This movie seems to set many people on edge, in the screening a girl next to me watched the majority of it through her fingers.
The story is of a reckless gambler who seems to intentionally put himself into dangerous situations on the hope of a big payoff as well as the emotional buzz this gives him. You are unlikely to enjoy the company of any of the characters in this movie so its best watched with a level of disengagement so you can enjoy the ride.
The movie will certainly play better in America due to the cameos involved as well as the details of how basketball rules work as well as gambling. Alot of the story line revolves around these points and while you can still get a rough idea of whats going on, it definitely helps to understand whats going on if you already know all this information.
Its definitely worth a watch and sooner rather than later as there are some major spoilers in Uncut Gems.
What is odd is the release schedule, for a Netflix movie its on a limited UK release and no set date for streaming.
Catch it at the cinema before someone ruins it for you.
If you don't like watching Sandler then you are in for a treat. I have had this app for 5+ years this is my first review. I feel like I would be penalizing people in the movie watching world if I didn't give my two cents worth of opinion. I had to spread the good word.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler just dropped the mike with his performance. Unbelievable character development throughout the entire film that keeps you on the edge of your chair.
The only time I moved through out the film was to lift my jaw off the ground from it dropping so hard after the ending.
Not going to spoil.
Two movies that I have watched more than once during my 33 years on the planet. Definitely will watch this again.<br/><br/>9/10 First of all, what a performance by Adam Sandler, he deserves an Oscar nom. The acting in this film is amazing even Garnett was good. Howard is addicted to more of everything. He wants more happiness, more money, more risk, more life. And his greed makes him lose control. This is one of the best movies which shows how greed makes someone lose control. The tension built on the screen by camera works and Sandler's performance is unbelievable. You really feel how Howard lose his control and even though you know that he doesn't deserve to be happy, you still root for him because of Sandler's charisma. After Howard got his work together his greed appears again. His family, his money even his co-worker is not enough for him, he wants more and the ending is fabulous. We see Howard on the floor(dead) by a half smile which means he really believed that he would feel sufficient enough after that bet but he wasn't going to and him dying there is not only what he deserved but also what he needed. I'm a reasonably expansive sports punter myself. I'm lucky to be very good at it so I rarely get myself anywhere near a situation like the character of 'Howard' finds himself in this film. However I have laid some hefty and risky bets in my time. Even I was watching 'Uncut Gems' and getting quite an uncomfortable feeling wondering what the hell he was thinking. For people who don't gamble or find $10 a reasonable sized bet this film is going to seem absolutely bonkers. It's scary to think that there are actually people like this in the world.<br/><br/>This is such a unique movie. From the word go it absolutely chaotic. We follow 'Howard' the entire movie, who is this incredible character who is equal parts lovable oaf and despicable scum. Adam Sandler absolutely nailed it in this role. To make a character this awful seem likeable is a really hard thing to do and something audiences just take for granted. The movie also never slows down for a second. It is full on chaos for the entire 135 minute run time.<br/><br/>I love a film that is willing to be daring and bold and not follow the formula. This film is certainly that. As it was nearing the end I kept thinking to myself that there was no right way to end this film. Every possibility I ran through my head didn't fit or make sense. The one they settled on though was utterly perfect. It was one of the best endings to a film I have ever seen. I was stunned. 'Uncut Gems' is a film that has to be seen to be believed. Also, the less you know going in, the more you are going to enjoy it. This is a must see film not to be missed. This film blew me away. Everything about it from the score, tension and acting(especially sandler which just totally blew me away. Can't recommend enough. Will be watching it again when it come out on Netflix as it just goes by so fast. Brilliant. There is nothing redeemable about Howie. Adam Sandler does a fine job portraying a character as shallow and unrealistic as they come, a cartoon unceremoniously shoved into a caricature of a real world. Idina Menzel was great, considering she laughed in his face and was planning on divorcing him.<br/><br/>At any point in the course of the film, Howie had a clear and obvious path to fix his mistakes. His character was the equivalent of Carmen Electra at the beginning of Scary Movie, constantly and obviously doing something stupid for the sake of advancing an incomprehensible plot.<br/><br/>There was nothing realistic about this. It would have made for a decent comedy, along the lines of "the increasingly poor decisions of Todd Margaret" if there were jokes. Instead, we are left with a bizarre and frustrating journey that tells no worthwhile story, introduces no worthwhile characters, and invents no worthwhile ideas. Best Adam Sandler movie ever-
he deserve Oscar for his performance (it was really realistic )<br/><br/>by the way i shocked when he died at the end of the movie . I dont know where the cliche over played Adam Sandler came up with this acting but.... much respect to him for a great portrayl of his character.. This movie is amazing and deserves to be watched and rewatched.. If you gamble or enjoy the idea of a risk taker in financial means.. you will enjoy this soo much.. The only reason im writing is because woooww finally Adam. S actually did the job I wished he could do in all of his movies, he went out of his comfort zone in this and it shows. Much respect to him and the beautiful duo from Good Time that made this happen.. If you're expecting a popcorn flick that's happy go lucky, you've entered the wrong film.<br/><br/>No true protagonist exists in the film. It's tough to watch, it's gritty, it's engaging.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler is great and the story is excellent.<br/><br/>If you can put the phone down and you have the mental capacity to watch a story unfold, then chances are you will like it. Not for novice movie goers. Put it this way, the performance by Adam Sandler in Uncut Gems is worth every penny on a movie starring Adam Sandler- outside of Anger Management, I've chosen not to do very much. With the supporting cast, including everyone from Idina Menzel to Eric Bogosian to Lakeith Stansfield, to Kevin Garnett (as HIMSELF), plus Julia Fox as Sandler's character's mistress (essential in the third act)- I will make plans to see Uncut Gems again. And Good Time, the previous movie directed by the Safdie Brothers. Intense, full of suspence and just when he made it...... Best performance by Adam Sandler ever! Believe all of the positive reviews! Believe the award buzz for Adam Sandler, such an amazing performance. This film keeps moving and keeps you guessing. Everyone cast in this movie was perfect for their roles. Another gem by the Safdie brothers... pun intended. Already waiting for it's Netflix release to watch it again! Expect to hear about this masterpiece during award season. In screenwriting classes, there's often talk about "the inciting incident." Why start a story where it starts? What's so special about this particular day in this character's life? What makes this the beginning of a *story* as opposed to any other random day or event in a person's life? Usually, if a writer doesn't have a good answer to those questions, then they're probably not telling a very good story.<br/><br/>What makes UNCUT GEMS rather remarkable, however, is that there really isn't any inciting incident. Yes, the film begins in Ethiopia with the discovery of the titular gem, and when the story jumps forward several years to New York City and the main story, it's on the same day that Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) is receiving that gem as part of a smuggled package. It's tempting to view the opal as some magical totem; Howie--with a tinge of racism--dismisses NBA player Kevin Garnett (playing himself) for believing that very thing, and the film itself reinforces such a belief, taking us on a too-fast-to-process surreal journey into Garnett's enraptured thoughts over the stone. The movie itself, set over several spring days with the opal at their center, never does anything to definitively counteract that the stone is a genuine good luck charm, far more powerful than the four-leaf clover on KG's championship Celtics ring. But the film is also dodgy about granting a clear value to the African opal; there is literal debate over how much to appraise the stone in dollars, and Howie is evasive when asked to pin down a number to how much he spent to acquire it, instead deflecting into a convoluted hustle about relative value. Is the opal's luck going to run out one day? Probably. That's how reality works.<br/><br/>The film attaches itself to to the opal as though it truly is the mystical driving force of the story's momentum, but the opal is a McGuffin, a distraction from the fact that what we're watching is really just a few normal days in the life of Howie Ratner. The gambling, the hustling, the lying, the evading, the violence--this began long before the film started, and if not for the movie's definitive conclusion, it would no doubt continue endlessly. At one point Howie texts his girlfriend to "go to Jo's and stick your head out the window"; it's telling that she knows immediately and exactly how to respond to what most regular people would respond to as a pretty extraordinary and baffling request. All of Howie's conflicts--the constant postponement of his impending divorce, his reshuffling of pawned items at negotiated interest rates, the occasional blips of threats from elderly loan sharks--are in a state of perpetual motion. The flux we witness is, quite extravagantly, Howie's state of normal.<br/><br/>Don't believe me? Consider what another movie would do with a similar premise. The movie begins with the Chekhov's gun of a colonoscopy and the discovery of a 2cm polyp. The discovery of cancer is a classic inciting incident. Think Breaking Bad. The threat of impending mortality grants free license to do bold things in order to ensure a legacy, to provide for the survivors, or even just to check off the final bucket item lists. In this movie, though? Howie's perfectly fine. It was a routine colonoscopy, and he's got a clean bill of health. Such colonoscopies are the doctor's tunnel to wealth; what he's mined out of middle aged men's rectums has paid for a home in the Hamptons, he admits. The whole film is business at usual. That business just happens to be far more hectic, frantic, spastic, and anxiety-inducing than most of us could possibly imagine.<br/><br/>Howie's not dying. He didn't make one bad deal and now he's in over his head. He's not struggling to achieve what he's always wanted; he's surrounded by wealth and success. It would be wrong to even call him greedy; the gain seems inconsequential, mere fungible exchange in the constant commotion that truly sustains him. Such commotion will be the only environment in which Howie can thrive until the day he dies.<br/><br/>The Safdies capture that commotion with Altmanesque mastery. In almost every shot, a dozen things seem to be happening at once--disparate personalities with conflicting motivations arguing, haggling, conniving, conspiring. The Safdies make every relationship breathe with realism. The worldbuilding, if it can be called that, never once falters. This is a transfixing, marvelous, and highly original film, and anyone interested in seeing how a fairly unrelatable, unlikeable, and ultimately empathetic character can still command our attention in mesmerizing ways for 2+ hours should give it a look. What a freakin movie - This is by far Adam Sandler's best movie. He crushes his character and has you hating and loving him at the same time. The movie was so crazy that my heart was still beating fast even 5 minutes after it ended. I would give the movie a 8.5/10 and I highly recommend watching this. Uncut Gems follows a hustling New York jeweler struggling to hold his life together.
Among other problems, he is a compulsive gambler who owes money to organized criminals.
With his latest gem investment and sports bets he knows a big score is coming.
If only the people in his life would give him another chance!<br/><br/>Well written and acted. The characters aren't one dimensional and the ending is surprising and smart.<br/><br/>The film was fun beginning to end and never slowed down.<br/><br/>Kevin Garnett fits perfectly into the story. The Weeknd is very minor to the plot.<br/><br/>One of my favorite movies this year. So went to see Uncut Gems, and to say it was marvelously crafted film, combining dark humor, and crime into this movie. The only problem I have with the film is that you need to be in the right mood if you consider yourself to be an introvert. The film contains multitasking scenes of people yelling, and banging to intensify the drama. I know, it's a strange complaint, but I felt the desire to inform movie watchers that this could literally be described for a movie as an introvert's biggest nightmare. Other than that the film is spectacular. The soundtrack is surprisingly great, and the performance by comedian, Adam Sandler is honestly remarkable. Not to downgrade the other actor's performance, as they were great as well. The writing was entertaining and the ending really did catch me off guard. I'll give this film an 8/10. The film only has one flaw that pushed me away erroneously, and besides that the film is unique. i definitely recommend this film, it's a must watch if you're a fan of Adam Sandler. I'm Austin A. Rodgers, and if you have a comment, please interject, as I love to hear others people's opinion on films, and especially this one, you have a good one!<br/><br/><ul><li>Austin A. Rodgers</li></ul> This film gave me so much anxiety from start to finish! Between poor choices and the most horrible luck on the planet, the situations Sandler's character gets into had me on the edge of my seat, sick to my stomach and yelling at the screen.<br/><br/>He definitely needs to make more films like Uncut Gems. Brilliant performance from Sandler ... probably his best ... and unique and gritty storytelling from Josh and Benny Safdie.<br/><br/>Definitely check this one out! How in God's name this got a 7.5 completely baffles me. It's horrible. Two plus meandering hours of frenetic plotless, pointless, handheld photography with absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. The plot is a HS play and the acting is basic. It is boring and nothing happens. Rule of thumb: if Sundance loves it and it wins awards, it probably sucks. I am a huge fan, and this was so bad, it has tainted my view of you. I'm so very disappointed in your choices, you are a brilliant comic, and a good actor, don't waste it. Great performance by Adam Sandler, but never has anything I have seen, heard or smelt in this life, got me so irritated and anxious. If the desired effect what is to incorporate the audience into a stamina test to see who is mentally strong enough to ride this feature out, then well done, desired effect accomplished.
For your sanity I urge you to sit this one out. Amazing movie ..so intense from the beginning until the end ..oh Howard you are such a terrible guy ..but i liked you afterall .. It begins with a very artistic, relaxing and almost acid-like trip through the insides of a colonoscopy.
I paused the movie to come here and rate it an 8/10 already. Total waste of time. The starting was good when the opal was discovered and i thought the story will b something like blood diamond movie. All this jewelries in his shop and he couldn't manage some lousy few thousand dollars worth of debt?? That's a flaw and 1000 % flop. And the ending is worst... like everything happened for zero reasons. Total waste of time. The longest yard was the last good adam sandler movie and this is the last movie of him which i just watched/beared. I don't know how it got such high ratings perhaps people r now used to watch rubbish movies. Perhaps the jarring opening sequence experimental score was a bad start to the film, but it never really recovers after that. Indulgent racial stereotypes underpin the majority of "characters" in this film, easily predicatable and lacking in suspense. Having to watch Sandler suffer misfortune after humiliating misfortune, all the while knowing he fully deserves it is not compelling viewing.<br/><br/>Watching goons act like goons is not particularly interesting, but watching Sandler play a greasy older Billy Madison is literally a chore. Sandler was very good in Punch Drunk Love, playing a character that required some emotional depth, but here the writers don't know how to use him to effect. I thought I would give the film a chance because of the hype but really ought to have known better. A fraudster pulls off a con and gets what he deserves - a bullet in his face - THE END Honestly this film has to be one the greatest films to ever exist. It keeps you entertained, you don't want to miss a second. Best performance I've seen by Adam Sandler. This film is very interesting, intense, mature, and it feels very real. Its a Must Watch! I've been watching the Safdie Brothers since before they were famous. They were good directors then, and they're good now. Something I've come to realize over the years with each additional film is the importance of their long-time collaborator Ronald Bronstein, who has co-written their two most recent screenplays, including the one for this film. As he is the first credited writer on both, I can only assume that he was the head writer. As such I would consider him the true hero of this film. Sandler and the other actors were great of course, and the directing and editing were all good, but Mr. Bronstein seems to be content unseen and under-celebrated, cranking out wonderful scripts that become wonderful films. I live near an Indian casino in California where it remains a top draw of the town, even on weekdays. There's something to be said for those who frequent casinos and gamble away on slot machines and cards. These are the people that want to strike it rich. That's no different then a lot of people, but the difference here is that these gambling addicts consistently either have a slow method that's effective or go with an "all in" method that's more dangerous. This is why I'm not much of a gambler; I would hate to go in at a high risk and lose everything.<br/><br/>Today's movie focuses on a character who has such a gambling addiction, that it's taken over his personality and put himself in danger several times. These are the kind of guys that defend to the death that there is such a thing as luck and that certain mythical elements can change it. It could be a lucky rock or even a lucky pair of underwear, but it's all on the faith that everything will come out good. You could even call it another form of religion. That's certainly what I got out of Uncut Gems.<br/><br/>In 2012, a scuzzy jeweler Howard (played by Adam Sandler) is at a crossroads as he tries to maintain his business, deal with his impending divorce from his wife Dinah (played by Idina Menzel), and pay off a huge $100,000 gambling debt he owes to a loan shark who also happens to be his brother-in-law. His luck might be finally changing as he receives a long awaited rock with diamonds from the black market of Ethiopia which he's relying on a large payout as he thinks it's worth over a million. But he also tries to maintain his relationships with his clients even if they don't see him in the same light.<br/><br/>One day, a basketball player Kevin Garnett visits Howards store and is mystified by the stone. Garnett insists on holding onto the rock temporarily while buying a large amount of jewelry. Howard takes this as a sign of good luck, agrees, and bets a large sum of money on it. Not only does the deal fall through later on, but the rock isn't returned after the game. This put's Howard on a lot of pressure as his life is on the rock's line and is willing to go through even scummier people to get it back.<br/><br/>If there's anything I can say about Uncut Gems, is that it's a really intense thriller I wouldn't have expected Adam Sandler a part of. Having seem him act well in Reign on Me, Funny People, and even Happy Gilmore, I had always hoped that Adam Sandler would find the right project to be a part of and this seems to be it. What works with Sandler is that he isn't the traditional Hollywood actor with the good looks. He's always been a draw because he's had more of a goofy everyman look that makes his character more desperate looking which ironically makes him the perfect actor to portray this character. Kudos to the production company for having confidence in this casting choice.<br/><br/>Adding on to the great casting is a story about a desperate person who only digs their own grave deeper and deeper. From the start of the movie, you get a sense that this character is going make mistakes and only make worse ones. Part of it is driven by other characters, but much of it is on the flaws of Howard. In a way, you see why you might like this guy if you met up with him at a bar, but your also would never be sure to be on his side or even trust him.<br/><br/>This movie was written and directed by the Safdie brothers who seem to have a passion for those really grainy grindhouse movies of the seventies. Uncut Gems has a similar look and tone that surrounds the movie is great atmosphere. New York, even modern New York can still look ugly from another perspective and this movie new how to capture that city's side.<br/><br/>I'll give this ten uncut gem rocks out of ten. It may not be a pleasant movie to see, but it's one that's bound to keep you engaged the entire time as you'll be curious to see where everything is going to lead. Its definitely a favorite of 2019 (shame on the academy Awards for not giving this one more credit). Come for a tense ride and stay for an interesting character study on gambling. Uncut Gems is the best movie yet I think you should go and see the movie . Just don't take your child with you when you see it to many in the movie. . . . of rampant Anti-Semitism, particularly in Metropolitan New York City. I believe the audience surrounding me in the theater was as open-minded, fair and balanced as any random bunch of Made-in-the-USA film fans could be, but the actor portraying "Howard"--the main character of UNCUT GEMS--was SO excellent in fleshing out a pushy, obnoxious, amoral, worthless, insufferable, mendacious, self-centered, larcenous, grasping, egocentric, cheating, back-stabbing, false, irredeemable, vicious, viper-like, loose cannon, predatory, depraved Public Menace that he soon had the entire movie audience booing and hissing every time he appeared on-screen (which turned out to be a lot of the time!). As Leader Trump has cogently observed, there are two sides to every conflict, and there always is a lot to be said in favor of BOTH sides. Thanks to UNCUT GEMS, even Americans living a thousand miles from the nearest Temple will be able to better understand this topic now raging in the Current Events news headlines! Very unique movie, so fast paced and entertaining! Movie is such a fun ride. Sandler did an amazing job and the movie leaves you on the edge of your seat for all the runtime. Movie is basically about a gambler who cannot stop gambling the resulting problems that arise from this. This movie creates anxiety perfectly, I have never been more anxious in a movie before. The movie impacted me for the rest of the day after watching it. This movie is not for everyone but I do recommend it. It is important to know that a movie makes you feel uncomfortable isn't a bad movie. The safdie brothers make such scenes so realistic the ending was stunning and shocking liked good time but loved uncut gems Sandler is excellent and is to me a modern day gangsta movie 9/10  = HEAVY WORSHIP
I can't state this enough forget any debbie downers who may not understand a movie of truly epic proportions but that's exactly what you have here in a whirlwind of a tale that could of easily been a true story with a few dramatic embellishments but anchored by actual events.<br/><br/>This fast moving disturbing drama that grabs you and never let's up delivers on all levels. for anyone thinking there's too much going on in this film has missed the point entirely of how much is going on in this film. The cleverly orchestrated chaos that ensues doesn't try to confuse you by doing it through time lapses of the future & past, Nor is it draped in super witty dialogue or banter because it's not. What It does though is dive head first in to the life of a Jewish New York diamond dealer that spans a little over a week and isn't apologetic about each scene twisting and turning your emotions about the choices the lead character makes along his journey for a big win. This film I guarantee undoubtedly will win Adam Sandler an Oscar award and is further proof of how amazing his acting skills truely are when writers and directors have a vision and remain persistent and focused on sticking to the script.
Each scene is crucial to the story adding layers to a cake when looked upon after completion truely reveals it's beauty and perfection. I won't go into any details that's what plots are for but do take the time to watch this film with a running time of 2hrs.15 minutes and enjoy the ride because it's monumental. It's a tiresome tale of a guy with a gambling addiction. It takes us over 2 hours to get through this story of one man's selfish life that's full of people who either don't like him or take little real interest in him. It's neither a great nor endearing story. I can't think of a single likable character in the movie and I found that I didn't care what happened next. I was glad when it was over. I kept waiting for a magic moment but there was none. The first thing that should be said is we get to see Sandler act, care, and he does a good job. I wouldn't put him on a top 5 list of the year I think, have to see every movie, but because an actor usually does stupid comedies that do not require acting and then does a good movie does not mean he is amazing or top 5 in my opinion.<br/><br/>I really liked the main plot as it was a unique story. It was super interesting and fast paced. This is a very stressful movie, emulating arguments and multitasking better than maybe any other movie I've seen.<br/><br/>With that said, the first ten minutes (after Ethopia) was borderline unbearable due to the way the music was mixed in to me and at home I might have just turned it off. I'm glad I stuck through, worth the watch for the story and to see Sandler care again. Should be an Oscar nominee Unexpected just like the late great Robin Williams . The Safdie Brothers have a auteur style and have a distinct style to make this movie awesome. The acting is well done, Adam Sandler was played this role perfect. It was very well written and like Good Time is about a lot of problems and no time to solve them. I would definitely recommend this movie. A very well drafted and acted film. Adam Sandler proved himself once again as a true actor and it is a shame he doesnt get more roles like that. A shame that we get to see the actor Adam Sandler only every 5 years or so. This is surely his best performance and he deserves all awards attention he is getting for it. The film is generally very hectic and nervous, perfectly repressing the life and state of mind of its leading character. Sandler plays him so well and absolutely loses himself in that role. The Safdie brothers did a great job presenting us this world their protagonist is living in. Julia Fox also did a nice job, and is a very interesting new talent of which we will probably see more in the future. The score was truly amazing and captured the mood and atmosphere of the film perfectly. Its fantastic portrait of a truly "f!ck up" character, a character that has luck and misfortune on the same side and everything seems to break down on him within 24 hours. Its a modern tale in the tradition of "Taxi Driver" in some ways (although the characters are totally different and have different motivations). Really a gem. An absolute great roller coaster of events that feels like a redemption for Adam Sandler (For all the movies he participated in) and the Safdie Brother (For the unrecognizable Good Time). This picture is great in every aspects, sound mixing, sequencing of events and especially performing, seriously Adam Sandler, where you've been hiding all of that talent man, a strong candidate for the best performance in a leading role this year. Although, this movie will show a lot of secrets about gambling, but it will be difficult for people who don't know anything about basketball, but the good thing is that it will show them the way of understanding what's going on. Last but not least, I got to give it the KG, seriously, he is a great actor and honestly I wish to see him performe more often in the future. Overall, I had a great time watching this one and it definitely deserves a 9/10 rating. "Uncut Gems" is an anxiety filled trip that never let's go and shows how great of an actor Adam Sandler really is.
.
In this crime thriller, a New York City jeweller and gambling addict gets in over his head with loansharks and must retrieve an expensive gem in order to pay off his debts.
.
There's something so special about "Uncut Gems"; the way the Safdie Brothers lay out the plot and rip through Sandler's characters bad decisions is something to behold. I was on the edge of my the entire time and honestly my anxiety was so high, yet I didn't want the film to end. I wanted Sandler to keep making horrible decisions and see how far he could go. This is Adam Sandler's best performance since "Punch Drunk Love". He is so committed, so incredible, I think he should give up the comedy and take on more roles like this one. The Safdie Brothers know how to create a dark world and draw the viewer right in. I absolutely loved this film.
. This ranks in the top 5 worst sandler films of all time. So messy and trashy. Terrible dialogue and acting samdler is going down hill more and more by the second. Stick to B comedy's dude. This movie is the worse ever. Every other word is a cure word. No plot. People come and go in this movie. Do not watch My husband shut this movie off after 23:14, and I was surprised he lasted that long! I wanted to shut it off within the first 10 minutes because I couldn't stand the noise.<br/><br/>Did this even have dialogue in the script or did it just say "all character talk loudly at the same time, and sprinkle it heavily with cursing"? Then just to add chaos to the confusion they added a weird 70s/80s style soundtrack that is so loud you have to put subtitles on to figure out what everyone is saying all at once. I don't think closed captioning could even keep up with the barrage of voices.<br/><br/>I fast forwarded, stopping here and there and it was all the same loud bad soundtrack with loud over-talking voices, more chaos, and nothing worth actually watching. I did watch the last few minutes to see the end and it seemed pretty horrible. Even great acting by Adam Sandler couldn't save this crapfest. Glad I just watched on fast forward.<br/><br/>Overall just freakin torture to watch! Pure sucktastic hell! "Uncut Gems" builds up to a scene where NBA star, Kevin Garnett, buys a rare opal gem from Ratner (Sandler). After the purchase, Garnett delivers a man-to-man, scathing indictment of Ratner's character -- referencing his lack of integrity, dishonesty, and all-around shadiness. In what seems to be a descent into pure desperation, Ratner tries to draw a moral equivalence between a jeweler's drive for profit and a sportsman's drive to win. Garnett doesn't quite buy it, and it seems - neither should the audience. Adam Sandler deserves and Oscar nomination.<br/><br/>I never thought I'd ever write that sentence, but after seeing his performance in the Safdie brothers film, UNCUT GEMS, I can make that statement with solid confidence.<br/><br/>Following the constant hustle of NYC jewelry dealer (and degenerate gambler), Howard Ratner (Sandler), UNCUT GEMS is an unrelenting look at a person who is never satisfied with where he is - he's always looking for the next "big score".<br/><br/>As portrayed by Sandler, Ratner is charming, charismatic, a BS artist of the highest order and quick with a joke and a scheme in every situation. This is a tour-de-force performance by Sandler who is in virtually every moment of this film. His character is ruthless and relentless - never giving up or losing energy - and it was the constant rat-a-tat-tat of this character/performance that caused great angst in me - as well as great appreciation for the fine performance I was witnessing.<br/><br/>The film was written and directed by the Safdie Brothers (Benny and Josh) who are known in the Independent film world, but who are new to me. I was intrigued by the story, the world and the logistics of this film. It is a smart - and fast paced - film that doesn't try to "dumb it down" for the audience. I applaud them for their work here - and I look forward to what they do next.<br/><br/>A performance like Sandler's is only good if he has good actors to play off of - and he does (in spades) here. From veteran actor Judd Hirsch, to Broadway Superstar Idina Menzel to the great (and underused, in my opinion) Eric Brogosian to the always watchable Lakeith Stanfield, Sandler was able to spar and parry with these performers at a breakneck pace that was intriguing, fascinating and hard to watch.<br/><br/>But the biggest surprise (besides Sandler's dramatic acting chops) was the performance of NBA Superstar Kevin Garnett. Playing a fictionalized and younger (this film is set in 2011) version of himself, Garnett brought the same authority to the screen that he brought to the court.<br/><br/>This is a VERY adult film (according to reports, this film has the 7th most "F-Bombs" of any film in history) with adult subjects and adult situations - all swirling around Sandler's character at a breakneck pace that will be simultaneously satisfying - and hard to watch. Are you watching a person spiraling out of control - or are you watching a very smart person weaving his way in and out of precarious situations?<br/><br/>Watch UNCUT GEMS - and you be the judge.<br/><br/>Letter Grade: A-<br/><br/>8 stars (out of 10) and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis) Easily one of the best films this year, I haven't watched 'Good Time' yet although I've heard that it's similar to uncut gems and that it was also really good, this film featured Adam Sandler's performance probably ever, as well as Julia Fox and Lakeith Stanfield who is always good in whichever role he's in. Even the former NBA Celtics' player played himself in this movie and actually did a great job for a non-actor.<br/><br/>The score is great although it isn't the main attraction. One of the biggest aspects of this film is the camera-angle/shooting style, all we get mainly is close-ups from the shoulders-up or even just a headshot of the character, this helps add a sense of reality and makes you feel like you're in the conversations they're having, you're in the car that the main character's driving. One of the most critically acclaimed movies of 2019 has to be the crime thriller Uncut Gems, directed by Josh and Bennie Safdie. Centered around a gambling jeweler who needs to retrieve an expensive gem to pay off his debts in New York City's Diamond District, the film took the sibling duo nearly ten years to get the green light, and all their films prior were actually made so they could prepare for a project this intense. It all seemed to pay off, as the film is not only gaining massive attention, but also Adam Sandler being the leading role (this could be the best performance of his career no less).<br/><br/>Now with a crazy premise comes the crazy main protagonist Howard Ratner, played by Sandler, who really hones his skills bringing to life Ratner's anxious and rambunctious personality to make the viewing experience all the more chaotic. The sneaky and unethical persona of Ratner is what drives the whole feature, and despite him being a horrible human being with no proper care of the people around him, everything he ends up doing just to push the limits on his schemes makes the narrative all the more fascinating. His main drive for success is trying to boost up the price range of his possessed gem opal so he can finally pay off his debts, but given the hypnotic power from those gems, it really comes from a place of deranged madness, which does not help at all given the shady situation he gets in with the goons who need the money or else the consequences will be severe. I think the best way to compare the pacing and tone of the film are like a giant house made of cards waiting to collapse: you don't want it to fall down but you know exactly what's gonna happen nonetheless.<br/><br/>Although set in a realistic environment, the filmmaking does wondrous accomplishments with its limitations, like shooting a lot of the shots up close to create uncomfortability and fast paced cuts to create paranoia. The cinematography also allows for some scenes to be presented in a colorful albeit somber approach which establish the mood very well given how frightening the character is. All the gleam and glamour in some scenes help contrast with the more mundane and gritty approach to the more serious stakes that affect Howard's life. In addition, while the movie is riddled with humor, it's a more dry and insane type of comedy that blends in well with the film's urban atmosphere. This adds in to the discomfort from the characters, as they're always needing to either escape, get into or out of things, or just get what they're looking for. Lastly, the way they incorporated the soundtrack with the audio presents a lot of impressive sound mixing and loud tension that creates as much anxiety as what Howard faces throughout.<br/><br/>In the words of critic Sheila O'Malley, Uncut Gems is "not a 'cautionary tale' about the dangers of gambling. It's more like a virtual-reality game where you step into Howard's experience." Character studies are wonderful enough in their own right if done properly, but the added layers of insanity and impatience makes the film a truly thrilling experience that never seizes to run out of steam. If you prefer Sandler's filmography as only an actor or you're a Safdie brothers fan, then this should be worth a watch, as you don't often get these types of gems playing in the mainstream. Adam Sandler gives an Oscar worthy performance as jeweler and an obsessed gambler. The story builds well as we follow his character spiral from one crazy parlay to the next. A true gambler who's character does not let any setbacks deter him from his never ending quest for the big score. The dizzying ending has the viewer sweating right along with the main and supporting characters. Adam Sandler is a star in this movie. I especially liked the chemistry between him & Kevin Garnett. Very dramatic. Welp I have a new favorite Adam Sandler movie, and its name is Uncut Gems. "Jews and colon cancer. What's up with that? I thought we were the chosen people." Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler)<br/><br/>The buzz about Uncut Gems is true: It's arguably Adam Sandler's finest performance, in which he plays a risk-taking, fast-talking New York Jewish jeweler. His performance is so manic and heart-rending, so over-the-top energetic and reckless, that he out-Pacino's Pacino. Think of Dog Day Afternoon and Scarface for starters.<br/><br/>Then mix in Tarantino and Scorsese, and you can guess the director-brothers Benny and Josh Safdie have been influenced by the artists above. Sandler rules the film, careening from one scheme to another as he finances his life and sets up a big take for an uncut opal diamond, plucked from the dangerous and deadly mines of Ethiopia.<br/><br/>To the host of hoods and goons peopling his underworld add NBA icon Kevin Garnett, charming and imposing, who is interested in owning the gem. Despite the ugly suitors for the rock and Howard's debt-ridden assets, sweet girlfriend Julia (Julia Fox) loves him, making the case for his warmth underneath the rabid exterior of bets and cons.<br/><br/>Martin Scorsese's attachment to the project and the Safdie's fine previous gangsterish Good Time guarantee a rocky and sometimes funny low life. Uncut Gems is not only one of the best films of the year, but it is the same for Sandler's performance. It's as fast-paced a tragi-comic thriller as you will see any year, but most of all it's warming to see a former comedian become one of our best actors.<br/><br/>"This is me! This is how *I* win." Howard I didn't think the name Sandler or the idea of a Diamond based dramatic Oscar worthy movie could hold its ground until watching this. The direction starts bold and in control but then pulls back then pushes forward with a vengeance! It's Adam Sandler's best performance to date! Now I know why I stopped watching movies. This was one of those movies where you keep watching for it to have a point, then the credits roll and it never happened. From the first time you see Sandler's character. It's nonstop mayhem. Problem after problem. Unexpected circumstances. I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. I have no spoilers because it's a must see and I never ever write reviews, but I had to tell someone else who may be interested in what kind of movie it is. Best Christmas gift to myself and I bought myself AirPod Pro.<br/><br/>Will Adams It really is that good. It's one of the two best movies I've seen this year, along with Parasite. And I can't make up my mind about which is the better film. Sandler in one of the year's best, it's really true.<br/><br/>The directors are very exciting young filmmakers. I loved their previous film, Good Time. Their style reminds me of Steven Soderbergh's work on Out of Sight, an underrated 90s comedy crime masterpiece, and Paul Thomas Anderson's early work, as well as the Pusher crime saga from Denmark. You'll get everything from wide, high-angle shots, zoom ins, zoom outs, quick cuts, long tracks, shaking cam. It's energetic film making by two gifted filmmakers.<br/><br/>It's that type of film that will hold your attention every second of the way. That's really the biggest compliment I can give the film. The 130 minutes go by quick. By the time the shocking conclusion came, I wanted it to keep going. I didn't want the movie to come to its conclusion. I have seen too many movies this year where I wished I could fast forward.<br/><br/>And Adam Sandler is a big part of what makes everything work. He might not be the next DD Lewis, or John Malkovich, but he possesses that special king of charisma. He is such an amazing presence.<br/><br/>It's not a perfect film and there are aspects of the movie that I thought didn't quite work. Certain plot mechanisms and stretches of dialogue that didn't quite work with me. But in a movie that has so much going for it, that is forgivable. I do, though, believe that these filmmakers have yet to give us their best. It can be said that the rules have changed in the movie industry after the introduction of Uncut Gems. Within this film lies a whole new perspective on film making, which is broadcasted in part between the struggle of the protagonist and antagonists. The dual director combo of the Safdie brothers (Josh and Benny Safdie) comes together again in this awe-inspiring mystery/crime thriller. Throughout the movie, readers have the task of not only following the plot but also trying to put the puzzle pieces together, in order to understand where the movie has and is going. With this in mind, I am convinced that the Safdie brothers have displayed one of the most engaging and exciting thrillers of the decade, capping off 2019 with the release date being Christmas Day.
Within this masterpiece comes the exciting development of known and unknown celebrities and actors, as they all come together in the pursuit of success and wealth. The film starts by following Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler), a jewelry store owner in New York's financial district. Under the heat of recent financial losses, Howard discovers and purchases a rare black opal gem, from an Ethiopian mine. With the gem in his possession, Howard is approached by Kevin Garnett (as himself) and his celebrity supervisor and scout, Demany (LaKeith Stanfield).
After trading out the gem for one of Garnett's NBA championship rings, Garnett goes on to have the game of his life. Once the legendary Celtic fails to give the opal back to Howard, the gambler and jeweler is faced with the task of tracking down the gem and regaining his profits. All while this struggle is unfolding, Howard also has to deal with family and psychological impacts. Howard struggles to deal with the growing separation of his immediate family after Dinah (Idina Menzel) and him file for divorce. Also, Julia (Julia Fox) comes into play as his new lover, and Howard must attempt to keep their newfound love a secret from his family. As the movie progresses, Howard is dealt with incredible setbacks and is left trying to salvage his wealth all while running from and escaping the people he owes money.
While the plot can be seen as rather simple, it is the special elements of the film that gives it its deserved appreciation, especially as it relates to the acting of the characters, script, music, setting, and dress.
The selection of actors chosen by the Safdie brothers truly brings out the flow and specialty of the movie. In contrast to his usual comedies, such as Grown-ups, Happy Gilmore, and The Waterboy, Adam Sandler steps up to the plate and crushes it to deep center with one of his best movies of all time (even more credit to him for it not being a comedy). Sandler does a spectacular job of portraying a man who has been on the go all his life, constantly on the move to the next thing. Also, amidst all his other issues, Howard seeks a life of purpose and fulfillment, which is gratified through the exchange of high-end jewelry in his 30 X 30 foot shop. Another set of characters that compliments Sandler's role is the works of the "bad guys" of the film. Arno (Eric Bogosian) and Phil (Keith Williams Richards) do a beautiful job at purposely disrupting Howard's moments of success, to the point where you wish they'd leave and never come back.
When looking at the script, the Safdie Brothers do marvels of leaving the reader anxious as to why certain events are happening (and more on the anxiety later). As the plot unfolds, Howard is left with one disappointment after another, and each one is treated with the same enraged manner that the audience feels, which is broadcasted through the unique word choice they use to, in a way, anger the audience.
Until you truly watch the film, you'll never know that Uncut Gems possesses some of the most engaging and powerful music of any movie ever. Not only is it beautiful, but most importantly it's used as a tool to convey the meaning and characteristics of the movie. For instance, but to not give too much away, in one of the scenes towards the end, Howard and the henchman are all watching the Celtics game that Howard bet money on. As the game progresses, the music intensifies and creates a feeling of uncertainty.
Both the clothing and setting choices compliment each other to a pinpoint of perfection. It was a superb choice to place the film in New York City, given the already chaotic nature of the city. Along with running from place to place in the "city that never sleeps," Howard's dress fits the situation of the film as well: classy dress shirts and pants, with the special touches of expensive watches and earrings to give him that true gangster feeling.
As I mentioned earlier, with every great thing comes a flaw. With Uncut Gems, it's flaw relates to the anxious and stressful feeling that is received when watching this movie. Simply put, if you have anxiety problems, do NOT watch this movie. For a solid two and a half hours, you will be cringing and trying to pull your hair out as your left befuddled with all the poor choices that are made throughout the film. And although some people may enjoy this, for most people it will take your attention away from the themes and plot, since all you can do is sit and ponder the protagonist's decisions.
With all of that said, I still truly believe that Uncut Gems is a must-watch for anyone that wants a roller coaster of a movie, whether it's in the theaters or at home (preferably at the theaters; trust me). All in all, it is a truly game-changing and frenetic masterpiece that will leave you pondering long after your first watch. This movie is a master piece of art. I enjoyed the previous Safdie brothers movie, good times, and I can't help but think that these characters are all from the same part of the universe. It is my favorite movie this year. Completely unwatchable. Had to turn it off. I had no empathy for the Adam Sandler character and frankly, no one else either. The noise of the soundtrack gave me a headache. It was pure torture. I've never felt so conflicted after watching a movie. Its 100% one of the best movies of the year and I absolutely hated it... which I think was International. This is a rare movie I had to agree with the critics. Very fast paced, entertaining and well acted. Adam Sandler does an amazing job. Very well directed and written. Yes it's a different style but it works well. Most user reviews don't understand that. A great story of the highs and lows of a gambling addict.<br/><br/>Even though Adam Sandler plays the typical 'Billy Madison' & 'Happy Gilmore' comedy type of roles. I am not surprised by his performance in this one, we've seen the talent in "Reign Over Me". He is OUTSTANDING in this, a real classic Jewish New Yorker fighting for his take on the American Dream.<br/><br/>I was surprised however, on how invested I found myself in the characters and for their success towards the end. Scrapping for every point in a Game 7 Celtics/Sixers clash was an awesome way to end the movie, felt like I was back watching the playoffs all over again.<br/><br/>Also, snippets of a low profile Weekend back in '12/13 was pretty cool to see him make an appearance.<br/><br/>Overall, definitely a 9/10 and one for the watchlist! This movie Plays with you , even at the starts it drags you .
it gets you an stress to gets you involve with the character lines and emotions and obviously some time makes you angry as hell and Excited .
i remember when i was just yelling at some scene and i didn't felt my brain at that time and after that i realized myself being so stupid to act like that MAN movie made that crazy thing out of me .
ENDING was really really unpredictable and if don't see it yet it makes you shock .
9/10 Uncut Gems is an endless blast to watch. This film was an endless adrenaline fueled rush, and The Safdie Brothers did a fantastic job directing. They are at their best when crafting a tension filled, fast paced thriller. Their style is very noticeable and present here. A lot of the shots are close ups and it gives off a genuinely intense feeling of claustrophobia. The editing and the intense soundtrack, along with the smooth, fluid movement of the shots complements the tone perfectly. If you haven't seen their previous film Good Time (2017) I would highly recommend it.<br/><br/>The story is one that is just constantly moving, progressing, and the intensity of this film gives of the feeling that everything could collapse at any given moment. Which is what makes this film such a nail biting experience.<br/><br/>This film is also a characters study for a main character who is irresponsible, sneaky, greedy, unethical, and just an all around scumbag. Adam Sandler fit the character very well and this is easily one of if not his best performance. He was great in Punch Drunk Love by Paul Thomas Anderson, but I honestly think he might have outdone himself with this one. Everyone knows him for all the terrible comedies that he's done over the years, but he's so much more than that, he is a fantastic actor, and can deliver amazing performances when given the right role and given the right material and director to work with.<br/><br/>Overall the presentation, the thoroughly entertaining story and characters make this an all around well crafted film that is one of the best of the year. Please go watch it as soon as you can. Well done Sandler! Very intense! Excellent soundtrack! Awesome film! Your guna win an Oscar for this baby! This is tedious and just time wasting filler.
Adam Sandler proves again what a 0 dimensional actor he is.
Basic plot of seedy dealer with gambling debts and needs a sca to recover. Things go wrong. I would like to meet the crew who spent 13 minutes working all that out.
I really cannot see why Adam Sandler can make so much money with so little talent.
But this is awful. Mainly shots of Adam walking about and trying to slur words through large teeth.
Netflix again trying to make a quick movie for minimum budget.
Avoid. Brilliant! Ive watched a lot movies and its been quite some time where ive been impressed. The Safdie brothers did an amazing job with direction, storytelling and writing. Its always good to see writers direct their own films. Definitely, oscar worthy. Hats off to Sandler and supporting cast! The Room is better. It seems that my review is too short to post so I'll just write random things. Bread, tea, table, cat, dog food, yellow, black, sworst movie, I used to love Adam Sandler's movies, pizza with oranges, black water. So to preface, I stopped watching about an hour into the film. I realized living through this much stress is not worth seeing a payoff I am indifferent about.<br/><br/>My question, why would the crew of this film get together and think this is a good idea? They just add stress after stress which is altogether not adding to any real story? This brings me to my next point, why would they make this movie's story simply about stressing its audience? I stopped watching after the magnetic door wasn't working and the spilling of the smoothie. I realized I'm not a big enough fan of Sandler to warrant this increase in blood pressure.<br/><br/>I understand the filmmakers were going for this stress, but why, why? Why make a film that is just as stressful (or more) as real life and just make you get so mad at the characters? I understand progress in cinema, niche markets which need to be filled, etc cetera. This niche, however, feels like it shouldn't be filled in any possible universe.<br/><br/>We are not living in the best of all possible worlds, and this movie is definitive proof of this. Three stars because they appeared to meet their goal for making this film, stress. I watched this movie with my husband, he kept asking me what's this movie about? literally every 15 minutes, I had hopes for it at some point, the ending was so disappointing and made no sense at all. Save your time, watch something else, some advice... try knives out, it's a great comedy, definitely wouldn't leave you feeling like "what the hell did I just watch?! I am 1/2 way thru, but that is way too much yelling and it is all over the place. Who knows, maybe it will get better. Nah, it's only yelling. An incredible film from start to finish. Directing 10/10 , Script 10/10, Sandler 10/10. This roller-coaster head f@ck of a film is pure genius. After seeing the trailer, I really wanted to see how Adam Sandler would perform because he's such a charismatic actor.
The trailer also peeked my curiosity because it touches the subject of money; action; intrigue; etc etc.
I was very please by this movie in fact, I'm surprised I didnt hear of this film sooner.
10 out of 10, easy This time, the Safdi brothers found a suitable theme for their crazy images. The psychological motivation of the characters as the basis of narration and the macro world that interferes with the choice of the characters are bound together by a piece of original diamond that integrates mystery, vulgarity and absurdity, gradually expanding the individual's obsession to the world. The flexible use of popular culture is the fatalism trend of the film, and exaggerated editing Style gives a realistic tone. Following up on my favourite film of 2017, Good Time, Josh and Benny Safdie are back with their breathlessly paced Adam Sandler driven project, Uncut Gems. Sandler stars as Howard Ratner, a fast talking New York City jewelry dealer and degenerate gambler whose life is spiraling out of control. With his marriage falling apart and debt collectors closing in, Howard is desperate for a big win. He's banking on the sale of a rare Ethiopian opal to clean the slate. When his assistant Demany (LaKeith Stanfield) brings in Kevin Garnett (playing himself) to peruse the shop, Howard, in his typically frenzied enthusiasm, weaves a tale so compelling that KG insists on borrowing the opal for good luck. Howard has already committed to taking the opal to auction but agrees to lend it to KG because not only is he addicted to gambling, he's addicted to volatility. In his world, the path of least resistance carries no mystique, no story. He lives on fate and parlays chaos. It's an anxiety filled existence but it's exciting! How exciting? Well, it literally caused the Chief's water to break during the closing credits, so, if you're betting on intensity, take the over. Adam Sandler, and I would say quite a few other people, deserve to win an Oscar in something for making this movie. It has been a very long time that I had an ending of a movie make me so mad and upset because it was created so perfectly and true then this movie did to me recently. And so I expectedly from behind. Ninja move. Bravo Adam Sandler and everyone responsible for making this movie. I never thought I'd be more impressed by you until I watched this movie. Didnt touch this movie for quite a time, cause i had false expectations of the film..
i thought its going to be a stressy, rush with lots of quick cuts, handy cam style movie where he gets chased nonstop etc..<br/><br/>but this movie is really not bad, i would even say its really good!
was really surprised in a positive way.<br/><br/>the story got me right from the beginning, as well as the characters.
multiple strings attached to one man which appears to be Adam Sandler who plays his role absolutely brilliant in my opinion.<br/><br/>shady half wrecked jewish juwellery dealer who gets himself into trouble over moeny and his gambling habbit.<br/><br/>the movie has its slow moments as well as his fast but i never felt i was rushed through it or giving to much input / stress.
No it flows very well and keeps us on our toes.<br/><br/>another great thing in my eyes was the music.
some find it not fitting but i think it was perfect for certain scenes and it underlined the atmosphere/mood perfectly.<br/><br/>they play with the audience even theres not something of a real twist to the story, but i found myself couple of times guessing the wrong and was happy that i was wrong.<br/><br/>i may watch it another time soon and can just recommend it!
great movie, great Adam Sandler, great Soundtrack, great ending! Only made it through about 20 minutes. Totally unwatchable, laced with meaningless profanity and misguided adulation for a sports star. If it has a plot, it must take longer to develop. Celebrates exploitation of blacks in Africa. If the stone was a diamond instead of an opal, it would be a conflict diamond and banned for the US. Just an ugly 20 minutes I will never get back. Adam Sandler is brilliant as low life gambling addict. He treats his family, his employees, and customers like dirt and and takes advantage of all of them. He is unlikable to a fault. This film was difficult for me to watch because Sandler gets the unscrupulous behavior of a gambling addict perfectly. He screws everyone in his life and is hated by everyone of them. In addition to the bad luck of a gambler, everything that could go wrong does. And this made the film for me, uncomfortable and anxiety provoking. About half way through the film I was about to give up, and took a break, but found myself curious to find out what happened next, and *Spoiler* the end made it all worth the trouble. I liked seeing the Celtics win as I am from Boston. If you can get through seeing Adam Sandlers character life spin out of control, and ignore his unlikable personality, its well worth it. I do recommend. The three star rating is a bit harsh, I admit, but I feel that the superb acting delivered by Adam Sandler was undercut by an unremarkable plot. "Uncut Gems" had so much potential to leave the viewer musing on how a human being is much like a gem that has yet to be finished properly - how we have inner beauty and redeeming qualities that don't always shine through on the surface, but that can be developed and brought to light by our actions. Instead, the film's ending serves only to drive home two very clichd and overplayed points: "crime doesn't pay" and "a gambler never wins". The last twenty minutes of the film effectively undo the entire preceding hour and forty five minutes of adept storytelling and character development, and it is a shame. Big Adam Sandler fan and was looking forward to this movie based on all the recommendations. It's one of the worst movies I've seen. The dialogue is non-stop yelling and f-words, and the characters' decision-making doesn't make sense. Just one obviously stupid decision after another...I don't get it. Sandler tries to break out of his mold. Ends up insulting Jewish people. The plot a slow and boring. Just a sad movie. I had this movie recommended to me by multiple people. Everyone I heard from said the movie was a masterpiece and that Adam Sandler was robbed of an Oscar nom. Now that I'm done with the movie I'm left wondering if we watched the same movie. The movie is not bad, but it's just so meh. Audio-wise, it's always clocked at 10. The characters are always screaming and yelling. I'm telling you, 70% of the movie is just obnoxious yelling. The score is all very loud Forgettable songs. Many of times you can barely understand what the characters are saying in times of dialogue. And yes, Sandler is good and it's a different role than he normally performs but it's not best actor worthy. The story is somewhat forgettable which saddens me because I was expecting so much more. I will mention that I appreciate the artistic thought that went into the frantic feeling throughout the film via a sensory overload but you end up leaving with a headache. 4/10. This movie was so frustrating right from the start. I still kept watching, nonetheless, holding out hope for a good ending. NOPE! Horrible ending! Went from a 4 to a 1. I want my two freaking hours back. Who in their right mind gave this a rating over 5???? Not sure how this movie has a 7.5 . It's very forgettable! Adam Sandler's best work yet by a mile. Sandler plays Howard Ratner a Jewish jewel dealwer in Manhattan. A character that played by almost anyone else would be obnoxious and over posessive, somehow comes off as sympathetic. The best part of the movie is how the Safdie brothers(writers/directors) make you feel the world close in on you. Nonstop nonsensical chaos and yelling. I normally love Adam Sander movies but not this one. The movie is way too hectic and loud. People keep talking on each other, creating confusion. Ended up with a headache. Chaotic and hard to follow. Unenjoyable content even though the performances were convincing. Movie is too long.<br/><br/>And poor acting to boot.<br/><br/>Save your time. After a few moments of "artful" abstractions on the screen we're treated to the brutality of gem mining. We then get to share an inside view of a colonoscopy. The patient's cleaned out colon is free of what the film is full of.<br/><br/>The protagonist is a compulsive gambler and we get to hear his endless bouts of screaming as he acts out an apparent death wish. Adman Sandler's performance covers a full range from manic to manic. The rest of the cast is swept along in the same tenor. A famous athlete submits himself to portrayal as an avaricious, superstitious lout. This will not end well.<br/><br/>Finally we're treated to another episode of abstract cinematic "art" before the credits role. Perhaps there's a message in all this. My message is find another way to spend your time. Big Sandler fan....but.<br/><br/>This was predictable. Over-acted. And just not enjoyable in any fashion.<br/><br/>Running from place to place left me wishing he'd lose everything and get what he deserved for pissing so many people off. In my mind the ending was so easy to see coming that I was literally surprised by none of it. The constant aggression led to so much yelling which ramped up what I felt was many different over-acted scenes. I wish I could have my 2+ hours back. A lot of overtalking, all the time people screaming, unintelligible dialogue, purposeless characters, and at no time did I believe in the character characterized by Adam, I dont wanna sound rude but he must stay in comedy movies, this character was not for him, was super annoying his attitude, is an stressful environment more than anxious. Just the final was unexpected and maybe interesting and funny, nothing new, maybe an inusual gangster, for a lot, but one that was annoying and not credible, I know was like a black comedy, but was more bothersome than reflexive. If any other actor played this part exactly has Sandler did, everyone would say this movie is straight garbage... Just a whole bunch of Sandler yelling throughout the movie, then after suffering over 2 hours of his screaming, you don't get any pay off at the end of the movie... There's really no protagonist to identify with. As others have said, just annoying, stressful, and pointlessly unpleasant. I guess it's artistic, but probably of the pretentious sort. A movie that I wish I had watched something else instead. The movie is proof that there's something for every taste and this wasn't mine. My taste in movies is wide ranging, I enjoyed Adam Sandler's comedy a lot back in the day and I'm a fan of most everything except romance. But this one was annoying to me from moment one. The 20 minutes I saw consisted of people yelling, cursing, and talking over each other nonstop with a loud irritating music score overlapping that. My wife and I both said enough and turned it off 20 minutes later. Nothing against Adam and I liked his seriousness. I just got really bored and didn't really vibe with what was happening in the movie. Jmo. Good luck trying to figure out what's going on. Between the f bombs and constant talking over people, I think there is a thin thread of a plot. There's too much going on, there's no purpose, and the ending is unfinished. Skip this unless you like profanity laced garbage. I thought this movie was phenomenal. Adam Sandler was genius in this movie!!!! Oscar Worthy. I almost stopped watching before the end of the movie because I expected it to be just more chaos with a predictable ending. There was a little twist at the end that I didn't expect so I am happy that I decided to finish watching it. Overall, it may be work watching if it is already on one of your movie subscription services but, not worth paying extra to view it. To me it was the most chaotic films I have ever watched. The dialog, background music and basic sound track were a problem. In my view none of the characters were worth caring about. On the plus side, acting of Adam Sandler was exceptional and completely out of his comedic background. This show is very realistic and feels like it's based on true story, very well written.
The actors did an amazing job. The set up and the environment of the show is extremely realistic, makes you feel like you are there experiencing everything with Howard. The show is very intense, and keeps you moving on your feet, it never slows down every minute of it is intense and stakes keeps on rising.<br/><br/>
I recommend. 2 hours of an anxiety attack watching this movie. The ending was so crazy and did not see it coming what so ever. Left me shook. Listen, this isn't your typical Sandler movie and if you know anything about movies you know that's a huge compliment. Sandler's acting definitely stands out but what stands out even more is the yelling and soundtrack to the film. Many people are complaining about how loud the film is and that's understandable but I love this film. My personal favorite scene is the club scene! Best movie I've seen so far in 2020. If you don't like Adam Sandler, you're irrelevant. Give this movie a "real watch" and you'll likely enjoy it.<br/><br/>Basically this movie is about the jeweler/hustler named Howard who as you will see in the movie has a lot going on. Mainly his biggest problem is that he owes money to a lot of different people. Since he is always hustling/scheming it is only a matter of time before he runs into the wrong situation where he can't escape.<br/><br/>Honestly I have never watched a movie like this one before and that is why I think I found it so interesting.<br/><br/>10/10 would reccomend! <ul><li>Shouting since the first minute until ending credits roll up.</li><li>Colourless content. Not much ups and downs.</li><li>I fast forwarded it the whole movie. Still think it's wasting time.</li><li>Characters have no relation to each other.</li></ul> I'm sorry Adam. I took a chance and watching this movie. First I don't like movies with bad endings. Secondly I have always admired Adam Sandler's silly comedy. He was very good in this movie, but I was so sick that it ended the way it did. There was so much talking it gave me a headache. I never want to see Adam Sandler in another movie like this again. It was a wist of time. I think it was the worst Adam Sendler movie what i ever seen. Personally I did not like this movie. I did not relate to lead role, I felt I was not on his side. Then again, as a movie, this propably was the purpose. The movie translated the anxiety well, you can feel the rope getting tighter around one's neck. Its simply a bad movie.
Boring feom the beggining.
Terrible movie This film is a mess. with loud, unappealing characters and mediocre acting. Boring boring movie. Music was annoying too. Could not get into it. Awful. Disgusting language. Hated it. It's all over the place and too much everything happening all the time.<br/><br/>Ya please don't waste your time and if you have kids and actually love them, don't play it at any point while they are in the room. The acting from Adam Sandler in particular, but all of the cast in Uncut Gems is good with the story they had to work with.<br/><br/>As a dark commentary on greed, this movie only has one speed... chaotic. And while I believe it is the intent to show the chaotic world of the main character, with no change in tempo and little story or character development this movie turns into a 2 hour scream fest with sprinkling of over the top gore for the material.<br/><br/>The concept is there, but very poor execution of script and filmmaking by the saddle brothers. I watched this at home on BluRay from my public library. Not my wife's kind of movie.<br/><br/>The story starts in Africa, we see two miners chiseling out a piece of mud/rock that has beautiful old opal pieces imbedded. Not long after this same uncut gemstone is sent to a NY jeweler stuffed inside a large fish on ice. Not the way you would expect a legal transaction take place.<br/><br/>The recipient is Adam Sandler as jeweler Howard Ratner, this shady transaction is indicative of everything that follows in the movie. Ratner is as shady as a New Yorker who recently was mistakenly elected president. He is only vaguely acquainted with truth, honesty, and fidelity. If that isn't enough to doom him he also has a gambling problem and we find him deep in debt, barely managing to stay afloat. He hopes auctioning the gemstone will allow him to pay off his debts. Plus he and his wife have agreed to a divorce because of his philandering.<br/><br/>Ratner is a mess, but other than his wife and kids, so are all the other characters in his life. This is a very well told and well made movie of despicable characters. My main takeaway is being happy that my life is totally different from theirs. Sandler is superb here as a totally despicable person who doesn't seem to be aware that he is totally despicable. Even when his wife says something to that effect to his face he seems surprised.<br/><br/>This is not a movie I'd like to watch again, I'd guess most fans of mainstream movies would not enjoy the 2+ hour viewing experience. The language is beyond awful, F-this and F-that, to the point you want to wash your ears out. However I am glad I took the time, it is a viewing experience. Some folks wrote that this movie was a mix-up of Marty Scorcese and Abel Ferrarra style and I think that's right. And Adam Sandler speaks, looks like, borrows every expression on the face from Al Pacino. I Don't know if the audiences have also noticed this but that's so obvious. Anyway, that's the kind of role, character that would have perfectly fit to Robert De Niro's co star in HEAT and the IRISHMAN. I like this uncut gem very much. So much chaos and disorder from beginning to end. Keeps you on edge and uncomfortable all the way through. It is the story of a person that in a position of indebtedness tries to solve his monetary problems by running away from the problem, betting more, hoping he will win and repay his loans. Nothing new, by definition already a highly stressful situation. But the stress is increased by the fact that from a personal pov, his ex-wife and daughter treat him with huge contempt, and his relationship with his mistress is also very stormy. So everything in his life is a mess as a consequence of his decisions, and to top it all up the actual dialogue of the movie is constant yelling and swearing. Sadly, everything ends in tears.<br/><br/>I think more than giving a grade to the movie, we should strive to describe with facts what the movie is about, and everyone can decide whether they feel like watching that or not. So a movie about a person whose life is a mess, and which ends in tears So good. If you've ever been in the thick of it , this painfully accurate , I felt like someone took a snapshot at some point in my life and made a movie . I am not a ambler but the constant wheeling and dealing and pissing off Peter to pay Paul only to have it blow up on my face, while being pulled In every direction . it captures the chaos hope and heartbreak just beautifully Now he has to be a gambler here otherwise no one might believe it. I found every bit of this comforting , to know that someone gets it - and it could be laid out and watched . I am guessing it's a true story but if it isn't it's true enough .
I am marking this as a spoiler because I hate knowing a single thing about a movie before I watch it. ....way too much Adam Sandler screen and scream time. As others have already all the yelling, screaming, close-ups of Adam Sandler we're really annoying. Other characters weren't given enough space to connect to for a coherent story. It's a good movie, but the most notable thing is Adam Sandler's acting (it seems very genuine, unlike in things like Little Nicky). It's probably not for everyone, but has a nice plot, good acting, other good supporting actors, etc. Uncut Gems is a movie that immediately grabs you with its crazy and energetic pace, and it doesn't let you go until the very last shot. It's an exhilarating and sad exploration of self destruction and a guy who's always one step from going over the edge because he doesn't know when to stop. Adam Sandler is absolutely brilliant and gives the best performance of his career, and this movie has an instantly memorable score. Great Movie! Good movie...but really? Once he handed over that gem to that black dude , you knew he wasn't gonna get it back! Come on now! My favorite movie in 2019, such a beautiful chaos, couldn't take my eyes off and the ending made my mind blow. This movie was so all over the place. The end was predictable from the first 15 minutes. I felt like I wasted 2 hours of my life. Considering all the hype this movie got I was surprised at how bad I found it. Sandler though have a phenomenal performance as a character you'll love to hate. He could have toned down the screaming but then again it is Sandler. It's like happy Gilmore is how a late 40'something working in the diamond district Big kudos to Adam Sandler and all of those who made this film. Brilliant. You never know where the twists are going to land. Gritty, yet you still feel for the characters. Remarkable, suspenseful, heartfelt.
Make certain to see this.
Again, great job Adam Sandler! Uncut Gems is a film directed by the Safdie brothers that stars Adam Sandler as a charismatic New York Jeweler who makes an incredibly high stakes bet to pay off his existing outstanding debts. Uncut Gems offers not just a career reviving performance from Adam Sandler who shines brighter than the previous gem in the film but also a look at the world of gambling and debt in New York City. The film had an unrelenting pace about it, constantly moving to the best of the downward spiral of the protagonist Howard Rather (Sandler) and became increasingly more intense as the steaks were raised higher and higher. The distance placed between him and his family, the debt collectors after him and his interactions with some very well known faces were all painted beautifully by picture perfect acting as well as a sharply written script and kinetic energy from behind the camera in the minds of Benny and Josh Safdie. Honestly, there was not a single moment watching this film that I felt bored and despite racking my brain for flaws in this film from my perspective, I couldn't find any. I view this as some of A24's best work since... Well, "The Lighthouse". They consistently make great films more focused on building character, atmosphere and hiding subtle messages for audiences than trying to create franchises or constantly drag out the same ideas over and over and "Uncut Gems" is no exception. I'm not saying that film franchises are a bad idea by any stretch of the imagination, I'm simply saying that it is certainly refreshing to see films that stray away from that and occasionally focus on the more artistic merits of filmmaking. "Uncut Gems" is one of the best crime thrillers I've seen in the past decade at the very least and a surefire masterpiece. So well made and so well acted - in every way. LOVED it. Great job Adam. You still got it! Let me start off by saying that after watching about 1h I had to turn off the TV and find something else to do because this was just tiring and upsetting. Returned to it the next day, thinking that the good imdb score and all the critics can't be that far off, only to watch another 30 minutes when I actually got to the point of skipping forward once every couple of seconds, a thing which I haven't ever done before. Managed to finish it this way but it left me with a very foul taste in my mouth. Such a foul taste that I actually dug up my imdb credentials, logged in and wrote my first review on an account which I had for 7 years.
In my opinion, the acting was good but the directing, the soundtrack and the plot are rubbish. It just makes you confused and angry and might even give you a headache. There's a plethora of far better movies with a lower rating than this one.
I'm actually starting to think that the sole purpose of this movie is the get you all worked up and, if so, they did a splendid job. A waste of time in my opinion. Adam Sandler is finally in a movie where he can prove he's an actor instead of being in another generic comedy. He truly does put on a good accent and is hilarious in this movie, Definitely recommend this. Uncut Gems is a fantastic movie although the movie wouldn't be as enjoyable with out Adam Sandler's performance. He is what makes this movie. But the plot of the movie is really great too but this movie while watching it made me have anxiety. The only downside to the movie is the ending but the rest of it is great. This movie is absolutely nuts right from the get go.. i really thought the movie was gonna be about that gem he brought in from Ethiopia.. well.. it was partly about that... but was all about Adam Sandlers life.. and how high pressured it is...and he actually thrives on thay.. living on the absolute edge.. almost as if he has a friggin death wish for the stuff he does.. but i think this movie.. is ultimately about GamblinG.. and how it can totally destroy you..even if you have a major windfall at the end of it all..you may not get to enjoy it.. but giving credit to his character..he knew how to turn the favour to his side.. manipulating KG haha... Brilliant movie! Watch it if you want a heart attack..! and p.s Never gamble beyond your means... Best sandler movie so far, better than joker in my opinion. Let me start off by saying I've always liked Adam Sandler. I'm aware of the recent bombs (In performance, but not quite in Box Office or streams), but I've never came to the extent of hating him. Which, let's face it, a lot of people do. They feel robbed and cheated as if Sandler has given up caring and he's solely in it for the cash. To each their own but I've always stayed true to the Sandman. His few dramatic roles were always good (Punch Drunk Love, Reign Over Me, Funny People, etc). But this, folks, this portrayal of a New York City sleeze bag, yet highly like-able jeweler is Sandler's greatest work. He's so believable. There's never a moment where you're like ah, there's that classic Sandler. Except maybe when he's yelling. But even then he's in tip top shape, really performing, really acting and giving it his all. Sandler doesn't slack and he seems to do it effortlessly. Sandler was the ideal casting choice for one of the best films I've ever seen. Safdie Brothers have yet to disappoint with their films. This film one ups Good Time and speaks at a more mature level. And that's saying a lot because Good time was a damned good film. It's anxiety ridden, as Good Time was, with a similar soundtrack but also more creative and almost 90s feeling. It's exciting, its surprising, it's realistic, it's magical. I couldn't be more happy with this film. If you love Sandler, you'll be ecstatic watching this film. If you only know Sandler for his razzie performances, you'll be pleasantly surprised. As for the film alone, it's an American spectacle you simply can't miss. Entertaining, engaging, unexpected and heart-felt. It's rare that a film stresses me out as much as Uncut Gems did. The Safdie brothers did an excellent job of creating constant tension in delivering the tragic unravelling of Howard's life.<br/><br/>Given all the hype surrounding it, it seems appropriate to start with the performance of the Sandman. It was very solid, heartfelt and believable, however given all of the hype I was perhaps expecting more. There wasn't as much light and dark to the performance as I would have hoped, with a slight tendency for his dialogue to become too shouty and aggressive. That being said I suppose this was reflective of the character so maybe I am being too harsh.<br/><br/>The characters throughout were interesting, particularly Sandler's Howard. He was utterly deplorable as a person but was a great leading character for the film, always engaging throughout. The supporting characters held their own, particularly Kevin Garnett. I haven't seen too many former athletes take to the screen, but I'd imagine KG's performance would be up there. The dynamic between Howard and Julia was fun, and I found their relationship believable, more so than Howard and his wife.<br/><br/>Thankfully to ease my anxiety the Safdie brothers introduced a fair amount of comic relief. Obviously we know Sandler can do comedy so there was no surprise that this paid off and added another element to the film.<br/><br/>The direction from the Safdie's was also fantastic, building a strong and constant level of tension throughout. The close quarters set and close camera angles nurtured an atmosphere of unease and stress which oozed from every facet of the film.<br/><br/>Uncut Gems is a tense experience, but one that everyone should indulge in. A thoroughly enjoyable film, Sandler at his best, and undeservingly snubbed by the Academy. Brilliant film and incredible music, tremendous sound production and editing, movie will go down in history. Everything about this movie is questionable and quite unusual. You either love it or hate it. I pretty much hated it and barely sat through it. People speak over each other, loud obnoxious soundtrack, 80's feel, unlikeable protagonist, no story line to speak of. Its a bit like real life I guess unpredictable, chaotic and weird and it's cool that the director went for it but I just can't deal with it. Once again the Safdie brothers have created another masterpiece. They've fabricated this fast paced, anxiety ridden character piece about Howard's gambling addiction and his need to win. Uncut Gems had me gripped from beginning to end.<br/><br/>This is definitely a career highlight for Adam Sandler, a truly outstanding Oscar worthy performance. With the help of the Safdie brothers and their incredible actor direction they have created this very believably real deeply flawed character. Howard is greedy, slimy, shifty and has a real addiction that causes all of the anguish in his life. There a many points that he could get out of this hole he's dug but he just can't let himself. It's just in his nature. He has to keep going for that next big win. Howard is a very nuanced person who, however flawed, still has a heart. Howard's death was unbelievable and shocking but was exactly where his character was leading and was the most fitting end I could have imagined.<br/><br/>Performances from everybody were great. Julia Fox showed fantastic acting chops in her first feature film credit. Julia is obviously a damaged, irresponsible person who genuinely does care for Adam Sandler. She portrayed this character wonderfully.<br/><br/>Just a brilliant ride of anxiety from start to finish with a fantastic performance from Adam Sandler. An odd story of the amoral dealings of a jeweler and the resulting turmoil in his personal and professional lives. Superb performance by Sandler as the unlikeable Jew who risks it all to make it big through a story filled with chaos and irrelevances. The background noise and music at the start is annoying, but the filming style used is quite effective and I thought the ending was fitting. It could have been about a half hour shorter. After about 20 minutes you knew how it was going to end. If you got two hours to waste it's enjoyable. At being annoying as possible. This movie is well acted and well directed, it's too bad they worked so hard and did such a great job at making and annoying mess. If your idea of a good time is watching people frantically yell over one another without a note to resolve to then this is your film. No idea why they wanted to make this movie but they did a great job. Sandler plays his part very well, it's too bad his efforts were wasted on such a mess. (spoiler free) Uncut Gems is a film that will be talked about for a long time. Between its hodgepodge casting, unique score and pacing, the movie strives and succeeds with what a lot of films don't get right.<br/><br/>Sandler plays an eclectic and high strung jeweler seeking to score big by borrowing money and gambling with the wrong people. The plot is very basic and easy to follow, but sometimes you don't need it to be complex to tell an engaging story that's memorable and worth watching. The film takes you on an anxiety rollercoaster from start to finish through intense overlapping dialogue that feels very reminiscent of Tarantino. The score brilliantly accompanies the film in a way that adds to the anxiety and reflects the intensity of our protagonist. One of the few films where I found myself wondering how long this ride was going to last and screaming internally while praying for a calm resolution. Uncut Gems is a true gem among Adam Sandler films and probably my favorite release of 2019. Unique, anxiety inducing, intense, and shocking. Absolutely worth a watch. If I had to describe "Uncut Gems" using a single word, it would be: "stressful"<br/><br/>I'm certainly not a fan of Adam Sandler, but after hearing about this movie and how supposedly good, I (thank God) decided to give it a chance.<br/><br/>From begging to end it traps you in a intentionally messy vortex. The camera constantly shakes and violently turns. The characters shout at each other (and swear a lot) so when the movie slows down you really appreciate it because there are really few calm scenes.<br/><br/>Since the movie starts it makes pretty clear that Howard's lifestyle isn't healthy. He's a compulsive gambler buried in debt and a cheater who has close to none redeeming qualities (which I like about the character). The way Sandler portrays him as this dirty obscene man is superb and one of the best portrayals I saw last year (he should have made it to the Academy Awards)<br/><br/>I'm also in love with this movies view on risk and victory even if I don't share . The quote: "This is how I win" has stuck with me. It felt really powerful.<br/><br/>I also strongly agree with the way they decided to end the story, with Howard's death as I thought that having him survive would have undermined the feeling of danger they had developed during the movie.<br/><br/>
"On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero." - Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club In musical art there are music and commercial songs, they are easy to listen and to sell, and then there are music that dare. These are my favorites.<br/><br/>Here this film dares to go a little beyond the commercial. This is why it is unexpected and captivating. It's original. Not told in a conventional way.
The non-stop action, the long shots without detachment, the chaos filmed very well by the director keep you interested.<br/><br/>There is no need for a deep plot here, it is the fast pace, the stressful life of the protagonist, (a man full of debts who continues to gamble to get out of it), who leads and makes the movie interesting and never obvious.<br/><br/>An incomprehensible gem of films for many who like easy songs I fear, or for who expect a fun Sandler's comedy.<br/><br/>9/10 With all the hype,plus the main topic being bets,and Kevin Garnett in it,I expected a very entertaining movie to watch. But what I felt I watched was a well made film,with so many histrionic characters that they got me out of the story many times.
I understand what the pretension was by trying to cause stress on the viewer. But to my taste,it was not the best way to do it since,as I said,there was so much continous human yelling,shouting,talking at the same time,etc,that I almost opted to not finish the movie. I would not watch it a second time,which is what I do if I love a movie. I would not recommend it to a friend either. I too avoid Adam Sandler films as I don't think he can act by he blows every preconception clean away with Howard Ratner (brilliant surname for a dodgy jeweller) who is the most annoying character you've ever encountered (unless you're a New Yorker). The film really gets going when he walks out of the theatre but this part doesn't fully make sense until later on as the intricate plot really starts to unwind.<br/><br/>Sandler really deserves an Oscar and after watching this a few days after watching the Joker I believe Sandler leaves Joaquin Phoenix trailing a long way behind in acting terms and it's true you'll need blood pressure tablets before watching this film as it's stressful and intense but you'll be smiling at Howard Ratner's chaotic behaviour if you stick it out to the end.<br/><br/>Best movie since Bad Times at the El Royale. Acting sublime, such a unique and irritatingly intense character really brought up to 11 by Adam. The film is unrelenting till the very end, we had to have a break in the middle to keep ourselves from imploding. A true uncut gem of a film. Tautly paced, emotionally gripping and full of tension and energy. Those are the best words to describe this heart-pounding, roller coaster ride of a movie. Uncut Gems grabs you from the very beginning and does not let go until the shocking finally. The old adage of this one is not for the faint of heart, could not be more true than here. Adam Sandler, does some of the best work of his career and even though all that screaming is a little annoying, especially in the early parts of the film, his overall performance is nothing short of exhilarating. He is intense, funny and captivating. What we have here is a film that for most of its 135 minute runtime, is full speed ahead. It's pedal to the metal from start to finish. One of the most exciting films of the year. This is probably my second favourite movie of 2019 I think Adam Sandler definitely redeems himself for being an actor after he's been in a lot of bad movies recently and I'm pretty upset that it got mega snubbed at the Oscars these Safty brothers make some really good movies like Good Time witch was there last movie before this and I'm hyped for there next movie Ok, Operaman and the Hannukah Song were ok, but otherwise I can't stand this guy or his movies. Well hush my mouth. He's great in this movie. There's some clever misdirection at first, and then it's a runaway train. You want to get off, but you just can't. Great script and cast, too. I absolutely loved it. It's in color, of course, but it's got a black & white feel to it. Kinda like that weird Rock Hudson movie. Just fantastic. Beware: language. In response to reviews I see re the shouting & swearing... It's a film about a tough, high-rolling, working class jeweller, mixing with loansharks, pawnbrokers and bookies.<br/><br/>Certainly a memorable and interesting story. I can only guess that if that's not your kind of movie, that's prob the reason some people don't like it... Sandler's also great in the lead role - plays it very different to his other stuff. I can only presume his rant was the only reason he didn't get an academy award nomination Do you like to hear people shouting? If so you'll love Uncut Gems. the whole way through this movie, there is shouting. In fact the format of the movie goes something like this: Shout, shout, shout, fight, shout, fight, shout, shout, shout, shout, fight, shout, shout... repeat.<br/><br/>As a result this is a very tiring movie to watch, and by the end I was pleased to sweitch it off and relax instead. This masterpiece merited at least an Oscar nomination... I did not find a single flaw in it, so it's utterly unfair that it did not receive the praise, rewards & recognition it truly deserves. I was a big fan of 2017 Film Good Time with future Batman<br/><br/>Easily the best film I've seen Adam Sandler in a while. His character is a complete mess with his 2 lives then continues too dig himself with gambling debt<br/><br/>Big fan of LaKeith from Atlanta & will watch anything's he's on - His character was dope having a relationship with KG<br/><br/>KG acting chops weren't great but I loved his energy he gave to the role playing himself lol<br/><br/>The Weekend scene was not needed but did some star power to the cast<br/><br/>Overall loved the intensity of this Thriller and wish Sandler got nominated No spoilers here, just gonna say be prepared to watch such an intense movie that you may have to take a couple of breaks at some of the high level parts to catch your breath.<br/><br/>VERY GOOD!!!! Really annoying movie. Story is boring. The Main character ist just an gambling addicted  and thats it. This movie was great the first time. Very stressful like everyone says, a new vibe to movies with all the shouting. Watching it a second, I certainly understand it better, although it seems more awkward, considering I know what happens so the stress isn't there. Probably couldn't watch a third time, yet still a great film regardless. This is one of those rare films, that had a well known actor with less critical acclaim teaming with a pair of strong indie filmmakers. This was an incredible journey and unique. Sandler can take some of the acclaim in the central role, but it's the filmmakers who create another great film for their resume. Make no mistake, this is on my top 9 of 2019, just incredible. Strong character film with growing stakes. The movie is really intense. It's an edge of the seat thriller, constantly making you nervous with it's high tension situations. Adam Sandler is a revelation here, this movie makes up for all the horrible films he did in the last 10 years. The script & direction is on another level, hats off to the Safdie brothers.
The ending hit me real hard in the gut, I wasn't expecting something like that, I felt sorry for Howard, best ending possible I guess. I was drawn to this film due to initial comments that this is some of Adam Sandler's best work, and that this was an amazing film. I can't tell. The game of hustling, high stakes, and betrayal just seemed like a loud, graceless, ugly mess with no finesse, or likeable characters. The main character lies, cheats and badgers everyone around him so hard in his pursuit to make it big that by halfway through the film I was was counting the minutes to his inevitable murder as the betrayals and failures racked up and he continued to push the limits of all the wanbabes and truly dangerous people around him. It is a testimony to the writers and directors' fascination with this modern noir descent into addiction and risking everything to win that they could wring a whole second half of a movie out of this story. I'm not fascinated with the adrenaline and seduction of this type of sad, dark rush into oblivion. A nod to the filmmakers' passion and craft in the tight, stitching together of a glittering, fast paced, chaotic tale, but I'm not left with a sense of time well spent. It was an effort to finish the film just waiting for the antihero to be finished off by his own foolishness. This film is exactly what is needed atm instead of superhero after superhero movies. This is 1 mans journey who after making bad decision after bad decision you hope gets a little bit of luck eventually. It will keep you locked in and crank your anxiety an stress levels up but it's so worth it as this movie is a masterpiece. Do your self a favour an watch this movie and ignore all the negative reviews on here. The Safdie Brothers solidify their distinct style and directing talent in this gem of a film (ignore the pun). They manage to make one of the most suspenseful films of the year, with a fantastic score, incredible acting and resourceful directing. Also, Adam Sandler was robbed of an Oscar nomination. The most stressful movie I have seen ..pure noise during 135m.
Unless you want to have a headache, wouldn't bother This is called wasting 2 hours of your life. No real action, no real acting, awful from start to finish. Worst Adam Sandler movie ever made, hope he is ashamed of this failure. I actually hate the movie by itself, it gave me only stress and headache. But on same time I really enjoyed Adam Sandler's play. He was so real! It is like he completely transformed to someone else. That's why I give to the review 3 stars. Adam Sandler 10 stars Now, I really don't understand the hype about this flick!
What's the high score for?!<br/><br/>Disturbing, fast paced, irritating noises and talks - everyone is talking at the same time!
After half the movie I was exhausted to try to keep track about this nonsense Adam Sandler is running after...
A total waste of time watching Adam Sandler with a fake smile all the time, talking rude and frantically running after the golden goose!
I managed - irritated - to watch it finish with the so much predictible ending!
Bad everything!
Ridiculous rating!! Its annoying right from the start. I agree with other reviewers about the loud 80s type of sci-fi music playing pretty loud while the opening credits rolled for a looong time and lots of chaos within the movie, seems like a wall street area with lots of yelling. I could not even make it to the 30min mark. Big no no for Sandler. I like his comedies but this drama is awful and unbearable. When I saw the preview, I was hyped about seeing the movie. When I actually saw the movie, it didn't match up with the hype from the previews, that got me excited and look forward to seeing the movie. The movie compared to the trailer was decieving. The movie wasn't terrible, just disappointing, in the fact that the trailer was misleading. There were moments in the movie that were enticing and grasped my attention, but it was a tad all over the place. The end was unexpected and made me go "what the hell?!"
Ending somewhat got me thinking there might be a sequel? Completely not what I expected, the sound design and acting was exeptional. It was a breath of fresh air especially from Adam Sandler. The cinematography was very energetic. It felt like a puzzle where all of the pieces fit perfectly. I'm very thankful I didn't skip this one. I am so disappointed people not appreciating this piece as it deserves.<br/><br/>Few movies nowdays (even thrillers) can make the magic to put you on the edge for the whole leght of it.<br/><br/>This does it.<br/><br/>The music is athmospheric, while the plot and acting is the rawest, it is rarely seen these days.<br/><br/>Slick, focused, raw, and devastating.<br/><br/>Acting is superb. I am mad at the academy.<br/><br/>This piece of ART shuld deserve more acknowledgement and respect.<br/><br/>Adam Sandler gave the performance of his life! (hopefully yet)<br/><br/>I was doubtful before watching this, but after... I am convinced (not for the first time: Punchdrunk love, Meyerowitz stoy) that Sandler does belong to the big league (occasionally).<br/><br/>Sorry to see it is not rated as at least a straight 9.<br/><br/>Pity. For a boring sunday, enjoyable, but "no taking serously" movie.
looking Adam Sandler in suspence and dramatic role is a plus. I personally like the ending, very original and somehow unexpecte.
Take a look. Is Adam Sandler now trying to imitate Al Pacino?
His voice when he swears, his walk and his appearance are the same. The cocaine have now become stones. Bad. One of the best acting once again by sandler.
Dynamic performance with positive reflection as he was very much into it. WTF did I just watch? I rarely write reviews anymore, but, honestly, this one is so bad I could'nt leave it alone.<br/><br/>About 95% of the movie consists of Jewish and/or people of color scuffling about, cursing and shouting at each other.<br/><br/>The rest is a confusing amalgamate of con artist, sports- and crimemovie.<br/><br/>Utterly confusing, utterly pointless, IMHO where I really can's see the touted "stand out performance of Sandler". Sorry, I was not impressed. Adam Sandler screams the entire movie, which gets everyone else screaming. Even at the F*&^^&ING DINNER TABLE!!! The story is somewhat interesting but the directing, acting (Kevin Garnet was better than Adam Sandler) and editing ruined it. Almost walked out, wish I had. Lots of swearing and an whinnie voice throughout, O.K story, but once again hyped up to 11 out of 10. This was kind of annoying to watch but managed to finnish movie. I remember when adam sandler made good movies a long time ago. For all people considering watching this film, this is one of those rare movies that I consider 90% art, 10% entertainment. It will make you feel uneasy, uncomfortable and make you think about lots of things during and after watching. Me and my wife both thought it was hard work watching this, yet were glad we did. One I will not forget soon, if ever! Dilemma are made to make you FEEL. This one made me feel terrible, a LOT. I loved every damn second of it. It was like a horror film, with no monster makeup. Great film. Watch it... Painful to watch to the point that I bailed after an hour - complete and utter waste of time - do anything else but watch this crap This piece of utter garbage is typical of the rubbish Hollywood's worst actor appears in, unnecessary foul language from the beginning to the end, and I am not a prude by any means, Sandler's fate at the end was predictable from the start and well deserved, I cheered his murderer, a lousy unbelievable noisy film, with an appalling script, another more competent actor than Sandler might have got away with it, but as with every film he appears in it was rubbish. It was a painful experience! And the music track was trash If you can abstract from the awful music in this movie, it is actually quite entertaining. Good movie up until the end, completely ruined it and made it pointless The soundtrack given an strange reaction and the story doesn't flow like and normal movie, everything is crazy and the things happens to fast, seems something not planned. Well i found it very bad I could only stomach this about half way through. Every scene is just total chaos with people talking and shouting on top of each other with excessively vulgar language. It doesn't make you Scorsese even if your script is mainly compounded of the word "f". There is no real plot either, things just happen in a seemingly random fashion. Irritating movie that serves no purpose and I couldn't care less how things worked out in the end for these annoying as hell characters. I was looking forward to watching this movie because of all the Hype however, as I was watching the opening 5 minutes I thought there was a problem with the sound track because of the constant loud, unrelenting, unrelated music which simply was an assault on the senses and distracted from the script! I persevered with this cinematic disaster for about 45 minutes until I couldn't take it any more. I like Adam Sandler and this could have been a good movie but Unwatchable! After 2 hours of insane pitching shouting and stressing mouth running, I am ready to shoot Adam my selv.
Could have been a good movie if the lead role were another person Total waste of time and a lot of reviews. So sad.
Super annoying movie. Hard movie to review, It's kinda great and kinda terrible. The acting is great but the dialogues is awful, constant shouting over eachother. You will either love it or hate it. The plot and the cinematography are pretty interesting but not a single character is likable.<br/><br/>imdb writes: "
A charismatic New York City jeweler always on the lookout for the next big score makes a series of high-stakes bets [....]" Charismatic? I don't think the person who wrote this knows what that word means. The jeweler is total jerk and idiot. While watching, I was impatiently waiting for someone to silence him for good.<br/><br/>Speaking of silence, sitting through the non-stop street banter and savage yelling is like watching two hours of quarreling between a pack of rabid dogs and a family of hyenas. Thank God there are more civilized people living in the real world. How in the world does this have 8 stars? Nothing in this movie makes any sense. He's in debt 100k and even though he's living in a lap of luxury and probably has about 200k of jewelry on at all times, he can't pays these people who want to kill him. He also lets them into his jewelry store where they take nothing from him until he finally has the money to pay them and they kill him instead to rob the store...the story was just beyond stupid. This movie is a disgrace for everybody... the gangsters, jews, jewels, athletes, women... you name it, this movie disgraces it.
It is actually disgusting to watch. First of all who puts their life on the line on who wins the tip off? Who wrote this crap? A gemstone apparently worth $1m first of all he loans to a ball player and his crew for a ring then ends up ridiculously chasing around god knows where to get back then auctions it for $190k by mistake to his friend which costs him $38k commission to the auction house then sells it for $165k to the player who offered that in the first place. So we are now down to $128k for something he apparently paid $100k for but by now I was passed caring. Nothing made sense, zero likeable characters and stupid ending. After reading all these positive reviews and the online meme hype, I decided to give Adam Sandler a chance and see the rebirth of his acting career. Well, it is still resting but in distress.<br/><br/>The story is somewhat interesting but nothing special, characters are underdeveloped and lack depth, the bad guys are incredibly unconvincing, the iPhones are purposely old but everything else is outdated by accident. They just didn't nail it, although it could have been an interesting thriller. Adam Sandler is Adam Sandler, if you have seen any of his movies, you can expect to see it here. Although he is not a big joke here, his nonchalance and unconvincing delivery is still here - just packed in a box of fake teeth and sparkling gems.<br/><br/>In the end, let's be realistic: it's Adam Sandler acting in a Netflix production, what can you expect? The sound is not quite there, the music is distracting and abrasive at times, there is a whole lot of yelling (Sandler trademark) from him and the cast, dialogues are blank and lack charm, directing is soap opera level and in the end you get Adam Sandler making the movie "good". Gambler drama with nonsense story and strong language. I don't believe in the role of Adam Sandler so I couldn't take him seriously. The plot is full with nonsense and rubbish moments.<br/><br/>See the movie and judge by yourself. I was very much looking forward to this movie, as a fan of Adam Sandler, I was curious to his new character. In the beginning of the movie I thought it just needed some warming up, hoping the storyline would unfold during the movie. This was not the case, in my opinion no storyline whatsoever. During the whole movie everyone was talking and screaming at once, therefore very difficult to follow and understand the conversations (even though I used subtitles). As to Adam Sandler's acting, I have to say that this was the best part, he really did a good job. However because there was not really a storyline and it was very chaotic, I do not recommend to watch this movie. There are a number of actors who are so mind-numbingly bad that they manage to ruin every single movie they're in. Some names that come to mind are Melissa McCarthy, Zach Gallifianakis, Ken Jeong, Seth McFarlane, Seth Rogen, James Corden, the Franco brothers and that whiny guy from Horrible bosses. But no one is so consistently awful as Adam Sandler.<br/><br/>This time though, his performance fades compared to the writers and directors of this 135 minute piece of torture. Even with some really good actor like Bryan Cranston in the lead role, this would have been one of the worst movies ever made. "Music" drowning out most of the dialogue, totally stupid (not in a funny way) characters that no one could care for, constant shouting, repeating lines on and on, unintelligible street slang, people talking over each other all the time, a crappy plot - and then, the icing on the cake, Sandler's annoying voice and stiff "acting".<br/><br/>Don't waste your time on this! Ok...Sandler is very divisive out the gate. You either love him or hate him. So if you put him in a movie you need to make sure everything else is outstanding.
There are two things that are outstanding....but they are both outstandingly awfull.
One is the soundtrack, it brings any perception of quality to this mess of a film too its knees. It atrocious.
Two, the contant cacophony of unnecessary shouting and noise. Its unbearable.
Then throw in Sandler and you just have a complete mess. No way is this worthy of the 8.1(at the times of watching).
I'm a big Sandler fan, and I was bitterly disappointed. All the talking over eachother all the way through it really annoyed me. I literally made an IMDb account to help fix the rating on this movie. 8/10??? Maybe if you just hit a dispensary in Colorado. This movie sucked! I really like Adam Sandler but this was trash!! Being a Gem stone dealer and act that carelessly- making enemies out of bad people , handing over gemstones just like that ... how can any one be that stupid. Ofcourse you will get shot dead.. i was wondering how come he survived till the end of the movie, instead in real life irritating off bad people to this extent , owning their money and holding it from them, then calling them to office and not handing it over but putting it on bet infront of them - what you think going to happen! Lol. He is lucky he didn't get shot earlier I don't really post a lot of reviews, but I had to for this one.<br/><br/>The entire movie is just a big loud mess. Everyone is just yelling.
You can put that as the plot: "Bunch of people yelling for 2 hours".<br/><br/>The title, the description and the build up for the plot looks incredibly promising, but what you get is just 2 hours of chaotic angry interactions that pretty much lead nowhere.<br/><br/>I'd rather watch Wild Hogs again even though I absolutely hated it. This movie is exhausting! Sandler always manages to find roles playing an idiot, this time he plays an idiot jewller jew. I was mesmirized at the opening but after an hour I just wanted to cut my wrists, so I stopped. Strange to see DiCaprio receiving Oscar nod instead of Sandler in this movie. The movie is just amazing next just a few  top 250 classics. I watched this movie for about 1 hour and really tried to understand what the big deal was. Had to turn it off as I already felt I had wasted one hour of my life watching this. Completely mixed up hard to follow soundtrack straight from the late 70s with absolutely no interesting characters. Not sure what the plot line was but didn't feel like wasting my time trying to solve this convoluted mystery. Don't bother with this one strictly for critics who have watched too many films and are looking for the abstract to justify such crap I was really looking forward to this after all the hype. Sad to say it was terrible. Really couldn't care about Sandler's character. Exactly as the description. Any spoiler, yeah, its that bad. You gonna have headaches after this so called ''movie'',if you can stand it to the end.Music is so  annoying all the time, everybody screams all the time. DON'T WATCH THIS CRAP First of all i would like to say thank you for bringin KG to the movie, but i really did't enjoy the noise that everything come by. i wish the touch of the basketball euphoria is in the movie, but all i watch i people yelling each other.
Adam sandler is a good actor but i don't think this kind of movie is really into him.
anyway this is the first time i write a review , and the movie is very terrible to watch. It's an engaging story, with a powerful shock ending. However, the scenes often depict chaos, and Howard is so unlikeable that I couldn't really get into the film. This film is so fun to watch. A great cast of actors portray different characters that confluence with Howie's (Adam Sandler) character. The direction, Cinematography, sound, production design, music, all converge beautifully to create a noon stop train ride. I felt the ending was unmotivated so giving 9 instead of 10. One of the most rewatchable movies of 2019. Love this movie. I liked Adam Sandler's role. He played a serious character in "Reign Over Me" so I wasn't surprised to see his good acting here. The movie is a bit long but it never gets boring given all the action and the changing events.
Sandler's character is likable despite the heinous things he does. At the moment you feel he's winning, you discover how horrible his bad habits can be. It's just so entertaining from the beginning to the end, never looked at the time. I'm still mad that neither adam sandler nor uncut gems got a nomination. Can you imagine Adam Sandler in anything that doesn't suck so bad you can feel the taste in your mouth? Me neither.<br/><br/>But here's the kicker, this movie is great. Thank heavens they didn't let Adam touch the direction or script, phuu.<br/><br/>Anyways, this movie is fantastic. It's fresh, bold and intense.<br/><br/>It reminds me a lof of the Marathon man, not only for the gems but also the intensity and moody ambiance.
You feel stressed watching, great.<br/><br/>The bad bits are so few not worth mentioning. Definitely see this movie and make a clear judgement after. Manic, loud, typical Sandler yelling, badgering score but riveting and couldn't turn it off! Adam Sandler was amazing in this movie and should've been nominated for an Oscar. The whole movie takes place after 2008 nba season when the Celtics won the title. If you like action movies you need to watch uncut gems I'm so glad Adam Sandler did this role. I think he'll add a different dimension of appreciation to his fan base. The acting and directing are great. The ending is ironic but not exactly a letdown. It's altogether a different kind of film and a very worthwhile one. I'm going to see it again. Some films are to be enjoyed. This isn't one of them. This one doesn't let you sit there and watch. It drags you along with it, forcing you to feel things - mostly anxiety, fear, irritation, confusion, annoyance, sadness, and more anxiety - not about the film itself, but about the world of the characters into which you can't help but be drawn. It's remarkable. Adam Sandler's performance is remarkable. The Safdie Brothers return with another anxiety-fueled thriller. While they didn't invent the form, they're quickly rising to the top as the masters of it.<br/><br/>This film is excellent, though on a personal level it suffered FOR ME from a rare case of astronomic expeditions that couldn't possibly met:<br/><br/>Did I love their previous film so much that I consider it to be among the greatest of the decade? CHECK<br/><br/>Am I an unapologetic super fan of The Sandman who feels that he still hasn't unleashed his best acting? Mighten we see it here? CHECK<br/><br/>Do I gamble on sports + love the concepts and world of sports betting? CHECK<br/><br/>Is Mike Francesa, who I grew up listening to on the radio, playing a bookie named Gary in this movie, his first dramatic acting role? CHECK<br/><br/>And so on and so forth. That I probably loved Good Time more isn't a knock on this. It shouldn't be, even if it feels like it is. I wouldn't be shocked if this isn't the more universally loved picture by the masses in the end. It was just too close to home in a lot of ways to cut that deep FOR ME.<br/><br/>Nitpicking aside, I still LOVED this movie. The Safdies' willingness to utilize actors with little to no experience, and in the successful way in which they do, is truly mesmerizing. Sure, I would love to see them step back from the frenetic pacing style at some point, but honestly: if this is their only mode from here on out, that would be fine. They do it extremely well. Non stop from start to finish and a top drawer performance by Sandler.<br/><br/>If you have a hangover and want something to watch I'd recommend this with a clear head as there are more deals going on than the stock exchange and plenty shouting about it!<br/><br/>Story skilfully told with the strange bontempi synth soundtrack adds the the craziness.<br/><br/>Great end credits tune! This movie is not for everyone. In fact, seven people walked out of the showing I attended, and the couple next to me said they hated it. The husband said it was the worst movie he's ever seen.<br/><br/>But don't let them fool you. This is a polarizing but GOOD movie. I loved this movie. It was inventive, it was different, it was stressful, it was unexpected, it was original, it had good pacing, a good plot, and I love the ending.<br/><br/>Yes, some of the music is annoying, yes The protagonist is an ugly person and has a terrible life and has terrible taste in home decor.<br/><br/>But all of these things are characters in the film. The music is stressful, Howard's life is stressful. This guy has his fingers in so many different pots, he can't keep it all straight. The editing reflects that.<br/><br/>This is also conflict central. We open up knowing exactly what this guy wants, And we watch all the forces of life conspire to deny him what he wants throughout this flick. And we want him struggling to overcome all of it.<br/><br/>And it's fantastic. And the fact that it's Adam Sandler, Happy Gilmore, doing all this makes it that much better.<br/><br/>This movie is not for everyone, and that's a good thing.<br/><br/>Oh, and there's a ton of cussing in it, so think about who you take with you. First of all, what a performance by Adam Sandler, he deserves an Oscar nom. The acting in this film is amazing even Garnett was good. Howard is addicted to more of everything. He wants more happiness, more money, more risk, more life. And his greed makes him lose control. This is one of the best movies which shows how greed makes someone lose control. The tension built on the screen by camera works and Sandler's performance is unbelievable. You really feel how Howard lose his control and even though you know that he doesn't deserve to be happy, you still root for him because of Sandler's charisma. After Howard got his crap together his greed appears again. His family, his money even his co-worker is not enough for him, he wants more and the ending is fabulous. We see Howard on the floor(dead) by a half smile which means he really believed that he would feel sufficient enough after that bet but he wasn't going to and him dying there is not only what he deserved but also what he needed. Overwhelming in the most positive sense of the word, Uncut Gems is top-notch experiential filmmaking. With no exposition or frame-setting to speak of, the Safdie brothers simply drop you right into the tornadic center of their protagonist's (antagonist's?) experience. Right from the get-go, you'll find yourself squinting your eyes at the sensory overload: overlapping, chaotic dialogue, bright fluorescent and neon lights, manic camera work, and a whole lot of good old fashion yelling. The entire movie has a stream-of-consciousness quality as you struggle to keep up with every increasingly awful decision Sandler's character makes. The downside of this approach is that the movie necessarily forgoes a clear narrative structure and may test the patience of some viewers who appreciate more traditional storytelling. At times the film can feel unfocused, but if you're on its wavelength this really only adds to the experience. The Safdies also manage to inject enough humanity, particularly through the family drama, to give the film the emotional core it really needed to anchor it all. If for nothing else, see it for Sandler's operatic performance.<br/><br/>Weak 4.5/5 Sandler takes a gamble dipping his toes back into a drama, one where missteps pile up with increasingly dire consequences and payoffs are always just out of reach.<br/><br/>Sandler's Howard Ratner is a precious gem dealer who makes deals with anyone who even smells like they might have been in recent contact with cash. He also has a gambling problem. And a loan shark problem. And marital problems. Employee problems. Hangers on problems. Mistress problems. His problems have problems. Nothing is ever straight-forward. Every deal becomes compromised. Every bet needs to be bigger. Every payoff just leads to more of the same. This is a man who borrows from one shark to feed another and is always one angry debt collector away from losing it all.<br/><br/>While everything starts promisingly with the arrival of a precious uncut black opal still encased in rock, and a celebrity client who takes a shine to it, it's not long before a loan/swap delays a deal, and from there it's a frantic race to make any kind of big bet that can pay everyone off.<br/><br/>Sandler looks like he will explode from the crushing stress of it all at any moment. He never seems to be able to catch a break from people who want a piece of him - figuratively and literally. He is relentlessly pursued by everyone while relentlessly pursuing some hail Mary gamble that will save his neck and you just can't look away from this car crash of a life as it unfolds.<br/><br/>Fantastic. Having spent the last 2 years watching regurgitated ideas on the big screen, it's great to se something truly original and entertaining.
Advice here would be to get out and see this as soon as possible. Enjoy. A harsh, honest, and tension filled work that doesn't always land on its feet- but is certainly something to be looked upon. Adam Sandler stars as Howard Ratner, and brings his total A-game to the mix, something we very rarely see from Sandler. His performance is easily the best one since his role in The Meyerowitz Stories, and quite possibly his best. The movie deeply relies on him and his take on the character, and as the film goes on, you can clearly see no one is truly more fit for the role than him. Julia Fox and Kevin Garnett also provide great debut performances, as well as yet another great performance from LaKeith Stanfield. The film is masterfully crafted, and thought the plot can seem a bit repetitive and or pointless at times, for the most part it does tend to pay off. The film is an easily honest portrayal of Adam Sandler's character's life, who may seem fictional, but by the way they delve in, makes him feel incredibly real, making it seem all the more unfortunate. The film can seem a bit gray, but it feels natural, and the way it is crafted around that gray atmosphere is extremely impressive. In the end, Uncut Gems is far from a perfect film, but it does provide yet another master-filled work from the Safdie brothers, and a film to be talked about and debated in thought for quite some time.
My Rating: 9.25/10 If Safdie Brothers could cut the language in half or even two-third, this movie would be salvageable with a better score than the current C+ Cinemascore, which is probably in reaction to the non-stop barrage of F-bomb throughout this movie.<br/><br/>If Safdie Brothers -- given their youthful age past age 30 -- cannot make the future movies without filling in excessive and constant language, then they are problematic in their delusional thinking that the more frequent and foul the profanity is, the better and more intense the movie is.<br/><br/>This is one of the most foul movies I've seen, the other irredeemable lurid trash Summer of Sam.<br/><br/>This said, I enjoyed the suspenseful structure, even though it's constantly shouting and yelling that confound me as to who's saying who, with shaky cinematography and frenetic editing. But, the insanely constant barrage of profanity is ultimately distracting that made this movie feel emotionally numb and hollow, leaving a bad and glum mood in the audience as we leave the theatre.<br/><br/>If only Safdie Brothers simply tone down the language, then this movie would be slightly redeemable. But F-bomb is just too much even for me to the point of vexation that "profanity as the only screenplay" undermines the movie, regardless of good acting by the leads and supporting.<br/><br/>If Safdie Brothers cannot make a movie without F-word as the only dialogue filler every few seconds or less, then they deserve to be called out as the hack filmmakers, because they literally do not know how to and cannot make movies without carpet bombing of the four-letter word, among other profanities and blasphemies, thus demonstrating their filmmaking talent to be much less. They simply hate the audiences and think the audiences can take excessive profanity without complaint.<br/><br/>Profanity without point and as strictly filler only undermine the story, because overrelying on profanity to tell the story is ultimately hackneyed and insulting to the audience. And I blame Martin Scorsese for this adverse influence of overreliance on language to move the story along, since he is credited as executive producer of this movie. Audience REACTIONS at its International PREMIERE:
(9 laughs)
(1 shock)
(went long)<br/><br/>Uncut Gems (Benny and Josh Safdie) throws away any attempt at pacing in an over-the-top push to be electrifying. Inappropriate new-age music drowns out a story of risk, capitalism, and gambling addiction. Adam Sandler attempts to move away from his comedic roles into something more serious, but it is difficult to take him seriously. From beginning to end, Sandler's performance is always at the same level, full blast. After 2hrs and 15min of listening to him screaming his lines at top force, I left this screening with a pounding headache. If I was watching it at home instead of it's TIFF premiere, I would not have finished the film. Idina Menzel gave a fantastic performance, but unfortunately it was overshadowed by the chaos. Surprisingly, Kevin Garnett's televised basketball games worked into the film were the only (and much needed) respite from the unfaltering tempo. There is a shock scene near the end of in the film which makes it slightly more palatable. Overall, Uncut Gems is bound to disappoint fans of Adam Sandler's comedy and anyone who appreciates a well-written storyline.<br/><br/>#filmreactiviews If you are not a Sandler fan, push aside any feeling you might hold against this man. He absolutely crushes it in this film and you can never take your eyes off him. The story is intense, suspenseful, and I was on the edge of my seat for a majority of the film. The film is not perfect however. Sometimes it can drag a little bit, but when things go down, the story really pick up. Cant wait to see what serious role Sandler takes next, and I'm back on his team! Headline is very accurate. The movie was loud from start to end, had no direction, character build and had bad acting. People that rate this movie higher than a six are over thinking what they saw.<br/><br/>The couple next to my wife and I at the theatre left and we were thinking the same. We gutted it out and stayed for no other reason than to see how this dumb, pointless movie would end. The ending was a surprise and that clearly is the only reason this movie is rated so high.<br/><br/>The beginning, middle and most of the end was terrible. The last 5 minutes was akin to the "Sixth Sense". Other than the shocking end, it was horrible. At first he has a family is rich, but he has a affair in another house, he cheats on his wife ... He owes money to a cousin (I think he is a cousin), is a con artist who steals from everyone and has an excellent life. same time a horrible life! And the ending is amazing and the guy became a millionaire! The soundtrack is horrible! In the trailer I gave the movie an 8! But the movie of 8 has nothing! I really wanted to like this, but with all the yelling and language, I had to take Tylenol mid-movie for the headache! I'll stick to Netflix Adam Sandler... The anxiety levels are off the charts. Safdie brothers put together this movie in the perfect way to get you on the edge of your seat. Simply a wild ride. The most stressful movie I've ever seen. Tensions so razor sharp they give you a migraine. Adam Sandler's best performance and the best Safdie film so far although Good Time (2017) is the more accessible film. Can't wait to check this out again on Netflix. Adam was really good. Really tense movie. ?mmmmdmdnhxxhhxhxhdhsusihdisuddh I REALLY wanted to like this movie. I mean, I paid my hard-earned money to watch it. There wasn't one sympathetic adult character in the film. I hated every one of them, and the CONSTANT screaming and talking over each other was just too much. I was actually HAPPY when Adam Sandler's character died because it resulted in a few seconds of blissful silence.<br/><br/>If you enjoy being anxious and walking out of the theater with a pounding headache, by all means check out this movie. I gave it five stars because the acting was decent and the story had potential, but it never tells us how Sandler actually acquired the uncut gems, why he thought they were worth $1.2 million, or what happened to the underground miner with the compound fracture. Why even include that opening scene? It's a hot mess of a film and I'm still scratching my head wondering how the hell it got an 8-star rating. I wish I'd gone to see "Knives Out" instead. A great film, but definitely not for everyone. if you like your protagonists to be white hat wearing heroes, this won't be for you. this movie follows deadbeat dad, gambling addict, and jewelry store owner Howard Ratner. he is not a good person by any standards, but for some, that's what makes an interesting character to watch, because they're unlike us. they're interesting to watch.<br/><br/>this won't be your type of movie if you like happy endings. this movie does not contain a happy ending. this movie ends with Ratner's addiction and lack of respect for other people catching up to him. it is not happy, it is out of left field, and it is, in my opinion, 100% realistic given the people he found himself mingling with.<br/><br/>if you like happy endings and nice characters, this movie won't be for you. if you like watching films with interesting characters who have deadly flaws and what they go through, this film will be for you. The script needs periodic narration from perhaps a sympathetic friend or family member, a voice that could clarify the situations and, more importantly, give us a break from Sandler's draining energy and madness. For an audience not well versed in the subject of sports betting and the financial tricks being played, the relentless pace, while exciting, is also frequently annoying. Still, his domestic life, does contain issues that allow us to understand exactly what he is destroying in order to feed his greed and enormous ego: his family. I don't believe there's ever been anything quite like Adam Sandler's deep dive into self-destructive neurosis ever before in a movie. Perhaps the movie can best be seen as a case study of mental illness that can have no happy outcome.
UNCUT GEMS comes so close to being a great movie that you wish the screenplay had trusted their audience a bit to not lose interest if occasionally things slowed down for some unseen narrator to comment on this sad little man's life and troubles.
This is a movie that gives us a window into a class of people you're thankful you hardly ever see. Robin Williams could have played Sandler's role, but I can't think of anyone else who could have equaled his artistry. This was just a sad story, played out annoyingly with a bunch of superficial craps thrown in to "glam it up." Still, I saw nothing I'd truly consider anything but sad. Not even a life lesson involved unless you're a complete effing moron and you need to be taught all over again how to communicate effectively with other individuals and reestablish your morals. I have never gotten up and walked out of a theater mid show before.... but I came awful close this time. Once it was over I regretted not making this my first walk out. Suprising, original, enthralling and dizzyingly engaging. Like with their last film Good Time the Safdie Brothers take every opportunity to defy expectations and conquer movie tropes. I could see how average audiences might get turned off cause it doesn't hit all the familiar/pre-destined beats, but for an audience hungry for something fresh this is the film for you. Started off promising Ended atrociously. shouting for the whole movie and an awful score. The directors could have made this so much better as it has a great story behind it. It even features The Weekend and NBA players making it that more promising but the directors really messed this one up. Such BS why put music over talking cant here crap. Absolutely immaculate film, had me on the edge of my seat the entire length of the movie. Definitely Adam Sandler's best work he is so convincing in this role. Definitely worth seeing multiple times! Will be seeing it again before the week ends! This excellent movie's like watching some kind of terrible crash; viewers may be horrified but unable to look away. Even people who dislike Adam Sandler movies (like me) have to respect his performance in this film -- the whiney manboy is still there, but not enough to ruin a credible performance as a complex Big Score chaser whose "surely this time it's my turn" sensibility makes him insensitive to others and the fool of his own ill considered ambitions. In fact, Sandler's ability to develop a character with a terribly arrested adolescent mindset is central to the film's success. And that "whatever rotten thing I do I can make up for" ethos is dead on for so many people today.<br/><br/>Most of the characters in the film are pretty horrible -- or, put another way, disturbingly human, though afflicted with some of humankind's worse characteristics -- greed, lust, selfishness, insecurity, hypocrisy. Hustlers abound (and some even sort of sound like a famous occupant of the White House).<br/><br/>Keven Garnett turns in an excellent performance -- the gifted and privileged basketball superstar and his entourage of tough guys, sycophants and parasites.<br/><br/>The Safdie brothers are phenomenal film makers. Scenes are cluttered with people talking over and past one another (so, totally realistic for a solipsistic age); each scene is designed masterfully (excellent sets, lighting, sound, costumes, movement). The film often feels like an American version of a falling Babylon w/o the past record of greatness.<br/><br/>There is a tiny glimmer of hope in the film -- a good hearted (if naive) person sort of makes out.<br/><br/>To viewers expecting a block buster, sorry -- this is an arthouse film with some famous people, but even if you end up sort of hating the film, you will have to admit it is a superior movie. It should win awards. This is a near perfect suspense movie. It reminds me of one of those dreams where you can never get where you need to go. It's almost exhausting to watch so make sure you're in the right mindset. Every player gives a great performance, and Adam Sandler is going to be remembered for this one. Big time. Not really. But, it would seem that he was coached by Pacino and I liked it.<br/><br/>People who have never been around these "Boss" guys up-north may perhaps find that part unbelievable. Trust no one, but, it's authentic. They only yell like that at each other. They seemingly just beat everyone else.<br/><br/>It fell flat at the last scene. Mini-Review: Where to begin with this film. From Adam Sandler's riveting performance, one that proves he really has the skills when pushed to the test to pull off some of the best acting I've ever seen; to the Safdie brothers insane directing and writing skills that make you feel like your in a trance, this tension fuelled trip of gangsters and gems never slows down. I can start off by saying WOW. Just wow! This movie is a must see! There is a staggering amount of events throughout this whole movie. Adam Sandler (Howard)'s performance was amazing. Not only was this movie jaw dropping and eye popping from the start to end. It was also very well put together. The loudness and the energy this movie brought had me in awe!<br/><br/>The first thing people think about when they see Adam Sandler as the typical comedian he is, but in this film he proves us all wrong. Every single actor/actress in this movie did an incredible job, not once did it have a scene that was not entertaining. I recommend this movie to anybody that loves action and excitement as much as I do.<br/><br/>If I could watch this movie 3 more times, I would in a heartbeat. So if you think you have enough time in your day and want to really see a really great movie. Uncut Gems is the way to go, I PROMISE you WON'T be disappointed. An absolutely exhausting emotional rollercoaster of a film, surely one of the best already for 2020
Adam Sandler take a bow !! I'll say first that this film isn't for everyone. It's not your standard Adam Sandler slapstick comedy. So if that is what you want.. go rent Waterboy. This is an intense and exciting look into a flawed gambler who owns a jewelry store.<br/><br/>I think the filmmakers did a great job of putting us into his world. It may not be a place that everyone wants to go.. but I did feel like I was in that world for 2 hours. In that way.. I found the movie to be well made and Sandler's acting was perfect for this role. Adam is able to make me care about this guy who is clearly making many mistakes and is very flawed.<br/><br/>The directors make a lot of unconventional decisions. I enjoyed that. The movie surprised me... and most these days are just the same thing over and over. So this had a true original to it. Score, editing, camera work all were something you might not be used to... but I found it refreshing and it certainly kept me entertained.<br/><br/>Not going to be for everyone.. but I thought it was a great movie! This is was nothing short of a rollercoaster ride of a movie. Absolutely brilliance story and perfect casting. The setting and characters feel so real and relatable - you really feel pulled into the movie. The screenplay is perfect - it doesnt get bogged down in jewelry jargon but doesnt make you feel dumb. It gives you subtle foreshadowing to lead you on and then yanks the rug from beneath you right when you think you know what will happen next. Its brilliant. This was filmed brilliant. Further, Adam Sandler and the rest of the cast is unbelievably good. Everything feels so real to the point that it almost has a documentary sense to it. This is absolutely a top movie of 2019. Despite the story being all over the place... it was a definite thrill ride, and brilliantly done. I loved the 80's music feel in the beginning, the cinematography was great, but above all... Adam Sandler's performance. Definitely Oscar worthy! This movie is literally disgusting. And that's saying a lot because I've seen a lot of horrible movies. The entire movie included just screaming by Adam Sandler in a horrible New York accent. I almost left halfway through, but I paid for the movie, so I sat through it. There was no plot, character development, or appeal. The only people who would enjoy this movie are teenage boys . Wouldn't recommend to anyone. In my life I visited New York twice. Both times I had a different assessment of the town. First time I went to visit a girl I was in love with at the time and stayed in Manhattan hanging out with the group of trendy actors and models, club and bar hopping, having VIP treatment. Going in front of the line in clubs feeling like the whole world belong to me. Second time I came there with my ex girlfriend when I auditioned for the New York City Ballet and the American Ballet Theatre. Yes, I was a professional Ballet dancer back in a day and to safe money me and my ex responded on the advert about accommodation which end up being a squatter house in Brooklyn without windows or doors. Due to the fact that my ex got flu we had to find hotel in short notice and that fact depleted our finances which we were recovering from for months to come. This second visit show us how chaotic, rude and unforgiving the New York can be. It's a town, when you have money you feel like a king, however when you struggle it's one of the most hash environments where only strong survive.
When I heard about 'Uncut Gems' directed by brothers Josh and Benny Safdie I wasn't sure what to expect, specially considered that there is a Oscar buzz created around the dramatic performance of Adam Sandler as jeweller who is spiralling down the rabbit hole. He is trying to juggle health concerns, gambling habit, family life, super hot girlfriend on the side, on top of trying to manage jewellery shop which he is the owner, as well as going through a mental crisis, all at the same time. As the protagonist in the movie, we as the audience are being assaulted on our senses, due to the fact that most lines of dialog are overlapping, making it sound like improvisation. This fact creates in viewer sense of stress similar to what protagonist feels. People shout at one another trying to get their point across. In this environment only the strong survive and any sign of weakness is being exploited by your competitors or enemies. Adam Sandler character jeweller Howard Ratner isn't a sympathetic guy.
He is cheating on his wife with his co worker Julia (Julia Fox) who is a highlight of the movie and a newcomer to Hollywood A-list scene, considering that before 'Uncut Gems' she only acted in one other short film. Yes, she is super hot, but also brings depth and colour in their complicated relationship. As we follow Sandlers's character through the day, we can't help but hope that the gambling dramas he is intertwining himself will pull it through and finally scores big.
That's where the movies succeeds, in the set up of how high the stakes are and as we know in filmmaking the higher the stakes the better the pay off at the end.
Few things stood out for me in 'Uncut Gems', this film is a very strong contender to an Oscar for sound design and sound mix. Above mentioned chaos we feel is largely motivated by overlapping dialog as well as sounds of the city and interiors. We almost wish for the film to finish, so we can recuperate emotionally from the assault on the senses. This aspect of the movie is better handled then any other film this year.
'Uncut Gems' highlights are also the performances. Adam Sandler delivers possibly his best dramatic role to date. He was offered this role 10 years ago, but he felt he needed the age to pull it off. He shows in this performance dramatic ability, though as character he is far from perfect he make us care for his fate and due to the course of tribulation we are keeping our fingers crossed for him to succeed in the end.
Other supporting cast including above mentioned Julia Fox is very solid indeed. Actor/rapper Lakeith Stanfield has been having a very good run the last few years with his performances in 'Get Out', 'Sorry to Bother You ', 'Knives Out' and now 'Uncut Gems'. Each role gave him possibility to showcase different side to his craft and I am pretty sure we will see him in more movies based on the strength of this supporting performance.
Even basketball player Kevin Garnett who is making his acting debut on the big screen delivers believable performance, as a superstitious NBA star who is obsessed with buying an uncut diamond, which in this story becomes so called "Chekhov's Gun".
There is a lot to like in this film which in itself is very entertaining through it's lengthy 135 minutes running time. The speed of narration is super fast here and this is exactly what directors intended. We are close to an award season and I strongly feel this Jewish New York story will be rewarded by the Academy next year. How much? Only time will tell. When I first watched the trailer I was sitting in a theater and with my friends and I thought wow, that looks really good. And then I saw the movie when I had the time to do so. And it was awesome. Adam Sandler has the performance of his career, he really captures the essence of a gambling addict and a very good liar. This movie is about a "uncut gem" that he gets his hands on from An African village. It's up for auction and pro basketball player Kevin Garnett wants it badly. And the whole story is about selfishness and how people will not stop at anything to get what they want. And I won't get into spoilers, but it gets intense near the end of the film. The one problem I have with the film is that it was overly long for the story and was not as intense throughout the whole story as I wanted it to be and how the trailer made it seem that way. But over all this film was amazing in every way. Do not listen to any review claiming this film to be boring, if you like exceptionally written and directed cinema, go see this movie without hesitation. that's all i can say. Best known for his hilarious work on "Saturday Night Live" and his god awful comedy films, Adam Sandler delivers a performance so on-key and so pitch perfect in "Uncut Gems" that we forget we're witnessing the work of an actor.<br/><br/>Written and Directed by Benny and Josh Safdie (AKA the Safdie Brothers), "Uncut Gems" follows a few days in the life of Howard "Howie" Ratner, a Jewish New York City jewel dealer struggling to pay off various debts and an addict to the thrill of gambling. When Howie's business associate secures NBA star Kevin Garnett of the Boston Celtics as a client, Howie tries to deal him a rare Ethiopian diamond that he recently got a hold of. As Howie attempts to secure the deal over the diamond, he struggles to balance his crumbling family life, high-risk business endeavors, and his increasing debts that frustrate the wrong people.<br/><br/>The Safdie Brothers excel as filmmakers by constantly inducing conflict throughout the film and engaging the audience from start to finish with heart-stopping tension. Howie is constantly making things worse for himself and doing the absolute worst thing he possibly could in each situation, making us want to hop into the screen and slap him across the face to save himself from his horrible decision making. The directors generate consistent intensity by having Howie pervasively trying to fix his own doing and have him on the phone yelling and swearing. We as an audience never get a chance to catch our breathe, yet are still able to observe Howie as a character and analyze the true danger of his selfish personality and reckless lifestyle.<br/><br/>Howie is an obnoxious individual absorbed in his own vice, one we both can't stand yet can't keep away from. Sandler gives this slime-ball of a character a certain charisma and energy that makes him impossible to turn away from and carries the entire duration of the film with his electric and loose-canon of a performance. The already famous entertainer delivers the best performance of his career and redefines how we view him as an actor. Despite being an absolute snake of a human being, we somehow want Howie to succeed and get out of his predicaments due to Sandler's comedic charm that he instills in the character.<br/><br/>This is a very fast-paced film fueled with kinetic intensity and bleeding with style due to the Safdie Brothers' skills as directors and Sandler's game-changing performance. Outside of opening and ending with some questionable visuals, "Uncut Gems" will leave you on the edge of your seat and hit you with an absolute punch of a third and final act. This is one of the most entertaining films of the year and shows off just how mesmerizing Adam Sandler can be as a dramatic actor and screen presence when given proper material. This was definitely the kind of film that we needed to see Adam Sandler do and the kind of performance he needed to give to convince us that he is actually capable of greatness. I was Literally on the edge of my seat the hole time Great Performance from Adam Sandler, The Safdie brothers' direction is on another level in this film. I'm sure even veteran directors will be blown away by it, Especially one of the executives Producers of the Film Martin Scorsese.