Its not a Biopic... Its more of a PARODY of Mangal Mission. Ruined the Image of ISRO. Bollywood should learn something from Perfection like 'Chernobyl'. It's too much into characters, showing scientists doing all kinds of useless works, and not much about the mission itself. 1) A great story with irrelevant and soulless narration
2) Huge lag and not into the story anytime
3) Great scientists characters used as joker
Don't waste your money Only one question ! Why are those isro scientists dancing ?
A movie full of potential wasted. Why do you have to prepare for IIT when you can't even write class tests properly. Just because your parents can afford the coaching fees, it doesn't make you and IIT aspirant.
You need to have the vision, intelligence, need, urge lots of things to be one.
Coming to the he movie context Akshay Kumar with his team has taken Indian audiences for granted. They think they will churn out idiotics in name of nationalism and patriotic that has nothing to do with a good cinema and will make hugeoney and name as well.
Back to back similar nationalism in movies with over dose of entertainment and we have this mangal mission.
When I saw the trailer, I felt insulted today he core. My brother in law works in DRDO and I have been there and I see and know how it feels to be an engineer and a scientist working on such mission critical assignments.
This movie was and is a joke on scientists. Look at the characters, Sonakshi Sinha, Vidya balans acting and mannerisms straight from her Shanti amla hair oil set, Akshay Kumar, straight from padman set.
Look at the cinematography, the colors on screen, the script, the rest of th crew and the vision of director.
Songs....are you serious?
I left in Midway and came back as my office teammates asked to sit and end the torture so that we could go to a pub after this grave insult.
Space and science movies with dose of comedy, songs and unwanted scenses and dialogs.
These kind of movies make the whole world.think upon us about the vision and ideas we have in terms of creativity.
Utter rubbish and disgrace to the team of Mars mission who were involved in the movie.<br/><br/>Bollywood can't even make a proper horror movie, forget about epic ones. They took this topic and made it into a joke, just to make money as it's still in our minds and public will take it as chandrayan 2 is still fresh.
This is not cinema, this is clickbait and just to make Akshay and his team rich as fast as it can.
Pathetic. Bollywood stuff, seeing the scientist dancing to the tunes in order to clean their so called office. I simply do not understand what prompts them to make a film out of such a beautiful theme.
1. Whats the need of the Muslim Character who is searching an apartment and could not find one due to her name? ( Any connection with the film.. No, its just a way to say look whats happening in India , despite we are becoming a super power)<br/><br/>2. A son of Main Scientist Vidya Balan, is now converting to Islam as his role model is A R Rahman, so artist have religions ...:)<br/><br/>3. Indian scientist could do so much things, but they could not find that during the launch time, there would be huge chances of rains and thunderstorm. But hold on,.. it waste some time waiting and then finally Sun came out of nowhere and whack we have a launch<br/><br/>4. Indian scientist believe in Switch off and switch on theory.. when there was no connection with the Mangalyaan, one scientist simply switched off the entire control centre and whack what we find, yes the Mars craft connection started ..:)<br/><br/>5. Hold on, the biggest fudge.. they sent the marscraft and they didnt knew that there would be a communication failure for some time, but before that they couldnt measure the trajectory..<br/><br/>6. The production value is too cheap, the control center never looked like a control centre, Mangalyaan doesnt look like a mangalyaan, it looked like some cheap graphics editor.<br/><br/>See this film doesnt talk sense about science at all. Do talk about science all the while to make their audience believe that they only understand 'puri' logic.<br/><br/>Expectations with the film have gone wild with the wonderful theme.. and so precise effort of our scientist has been downplayed There is an overlying sense of artificiality in the way Mission Mangal (Mars Mission) has been made, with abundant textbook techniques to mix comedy and drama into the proceedings of a vastly technical subject such as an organization's attempt to send a satellite on the Martian orbit. It ends up as a series of cringe-worthy sequences. For a film that demands realism as the only single factor, Mission Mangal strays away from it right from the word go! as we see the actors fooling around in office and wherever they go. It's a good idea by writer R Balki to refer home science as the solution to issues hampering space travel but the way they have been dramatized makes the discerning viewer coil in anger and disgust. Melodrama takes the limelight in the film that can be best characterized as a lackluster take on a historic feat, that only gets worse as you proceed watching it, eventually leading you to a specific scene where a gang of inebriated Isro scientists brawl in a metro car all of which reeks of self-righteousness. Mission Mangal is a mockery of the very subject that it pays homage to. There's no reason to spend any money on this and I would instead recommend going through the Wikipedia page of the actual mission instead. TN. I feel this is basically an insult to Indian audience by trying to act like it's a science movie, based on real incident, woman empowerment and what not just to release it on Indian Independence day to emotionally provoke people to watch it and not to be critical towards your own knowledge. practicality, wisdom.<br/><br/>It's in a way insult to both ISRO, their mission and film making over all. Because you are basically emotionally manipulating people to get tangled to drama, situation of being driven by nationalism mood, using the real story, and release on a day where no one should question you action. Recipe for success shouldn't be defined by manipulating people emotionally.<br/><br/>For an analogy, it's basically enemy is singing national anthem infront of emotionally driven army who are hiding during the time of war and then enemy is shooting those who raise up their heads to respect the song. So anyone who are standing up in the situation emotionally driven will surely going to get a head shot not to think practically and logically is the whole case of this movie. This I would call as Charlie Chaplin syndrome. (Check youtube "Charlie Chaplin - Shoulder Arms (1918) - Shooting scene" you will get it)<br/><br/>Though I gave 2 points because, drama is good at some points and few people's acting is good like Vidya Balan. She is the only person to look up for in acting and rest are just to cherry in the cake. It's very sad though because such a good real story could have been made such epic proportion but is made such hastily just to mint money it feels. And jokes/humor is so bad. It's basically feels childish immature film made just to mint money or manipulate people in the disguise of entertainment.<br/><br/>Very much fact to say,check on wiki, this script seemed is taken by "SpaceMOM's" film. Mission Mangal seem taken that script and hurriedly made it just to mint money as soon as they got the producers for it. Check out Radha Bharadwaj's SpaceMOMs you will see the same movie angle but still to be released. It's very disappointing if Mission Mangal copied the script and because of money power corned the original Releasing on 15 th August unnecessary Drama which is irrelevant to the movie or the True story
Better to watch the documentary on MOM on NATGEO rather than watching the film it will give u better perceptive & u will be proud of our country
Acting was good but I m disappointed in Akshay Kumar for doing this 1 at leat read the script sir
Bollywood has lost the Essence of True Cinema rather r focusing on Money & 100 crore club may God bless Indian Drama-Cinema status I can understand all the emotions attached to this historic true incident.
Go n Watch Hidden figures.. Mangalyaan is a true incident which is not justified by this script with poor graphics in space scenes.. Don't eat people's money by delivering a cinema and attaching the patriotic tag.
Drama was way way more than the facts. Some films like chak de India, airlift, Kesari are those film which is more focused on plot, screen play, and exhibits patriotic feelings. But after surgical strikes & Pakistan issues. Filmmakers are often making film like Uri , Narendra Modi and all, so that no one can disagree with these movies as an indian. Have positive reviews only because it is based on india. Another Desh bhakti film with political touch. Knowingly or unknowingly you should give it 10 out of 10 .if not everyone will call you anti patriotic. Mission mangal only focuses on patriotiism rather than reality. Everyone are fed up of this. Akshay Kumar who is Modi bhakt has been making 5-6 films per year which are overfilled overloaded with political parties and patriotism. If you can't give good movies don't spoil Indian cinema in the name of patriotism MOM is one of our biggest achievement but this movie is a waste. There is something called 'RESEARCH' before playing a character, and Akshya kumar badly needs it. Akshya kumar is on auto mode of making patriotic movies without any research about the character.
can't even imagine how badly akshya kumar ruined that character. utter nonsense. Movie is based on Science, but they are showing all the things except science, making switch off and on makes everything work, are you serious? . Not even a single science word from Akshya kumar in whole movie.
They simply want to make money by playing patriotic card. Better to watch Mars mission on Nat Geo rather than watching this movie. If I want to campare any film with this one then I will choose another Akshay Kumar's flop film Joker which was totally nonsense. 1st half is complete headache. In 2nd half, only last 20 mins are good o/w it's complete nonsense. WASTE OF MONEY!
Go for Batla House instead!! 2*/10* Missed the seriousness in the film making. It's more of a comedy movie than a movie about ISRO's achievement.
Highly disappointed Have never felt suicidal before but watching this movie did make my thoughts wander.
For people brought up on western sci fi, steer totally clear, unless you are into self harm.
Sorry to the South Indian community, which is the mainstay of ISRO, from a Punjabi.
I would say the pslv(3 stages😁😁) launch graphics looked good on the big screen. But they only accentuate what a missed opportunity this movie is.
And Akshay Khanna should be deported to Canada of where he is a citizen. Bollywood going far from reality day by day. Even entertainment is lacking in all recent releases. Absolutely a worst movie of akshay kumar Films the Mars Mission as Drama, comedy. Unbelievable yaar desh bhakti ke naam par real event to drama bana diya. Everyone know Akshay Kumar is if the finest actor in Bollywood but this time he's choosen wrong script....
Vida Balan man is shining but movie is very poor Went to watch it with high expectations and excitement...But, highly disappointed.<br/><br/>Such a noble n sensitive theme..is messed up with stupid n forced humour, unnecessary scenes of hindu muslim religion is another loop hole..Insult of Hinduism and muslim propaganda having Scenes which have no relevance to the theme and The cringe is unbearable.. Vidya balan shines but again the twisting of facts is a big let down..👎<br/><br/>Expected a story of science, struggle n scientists but the family drama forced in sucks.<br/><br/>SKIP it and better wait for M.O.M web series. This movie should have been about mangalyan. Or about the lives of people involved. But many a times, it shows hindus as superstitious and muslims and islam as progressive. Its a known fact that a puja is conducted before space missions still it has been mocked. Muslims do not get rented places, that was the major concern of the maker. Then why do they expect hindus to watch this movie? It could've been a great film if there was a little more seriousness in the movie, a lot of things are good about the movie like the story, script but the execution is very overdramatic and irritating at a lot of places in the movie. Akshay Kumar is little too much to handle and music is stupid. Wtf man.. Movie should be commercialised but not to this extent.. How dare they etch sonakshi's character so badly.. Isro scientists are definitely not like her.. And namma metro on Bangalore started in 2016 and not in 2013..atleast director should do some research.. The only person worth appreciating in the movie was Vidya balan.. Nd hold on.. A Mother delivers a baby and in hospital she is working in Mangalyan project.. I mean wtf... No one would do tht... Pls skip this horrible attempt.. Its a commercialised thrash They have insulted the actual scientists and their hard work. Instead of mission mangal they should rename mission feminism. Huge disappointment...the movie depicts a mission showcasing an achievement with a very predictable storyline. It fails to hold on to what was important for the script, instead includes irrelevant sub-plots dragging the narrative. Director and actor all knew releasing on independence with a scientific plot and with a historic event this movie will definitely earn them a good box office number that's it... Nothing more ... Only childish logic with senseless turns ..and some India is great dialogues .. Indian audience will b consider dumb if this earn in 100 crores Rarely time and research given on scientific terms for making the movie.. personal life overdosed and iritating after such time for this genre movie... science movie without science doesn't make sense...
Unnecessary forcified Religious angles is distracting...
No proper time on mission development Melodramatic scenes ruined the whole movie.Are you really serious sciencltists are comedian dancers.What the fu*k man. This worst indian movie..
if you don't have logic then you go can to watch..<br/><br/>but never want spent money on this type movies Why Akshay Kumar sign this project I don't know..
Akshay performance is good but movie is very poor The problem with this movie was that this movie concentrated on the lives of the scientists more than the mission and it's OK to concentrate on the lives of the scientist but including Quran and this and that without any reason has just made it very dramatic and I would request just don't I think akki sir is overwhelming his movie on social media movie is very slow but Story is good but today is independence day we guys need to watch patriotic movie like Batla house so everyone should be need to watch Batla house. Honestly i have never seen this kind of disaster movie, there's no stories or nothing interesting..<br/><br/>I would never recommend this movie to anyone, It's waste of time & money. Why there was a need of a songs?if you want to make a movie on science there is no need of songs and dancing ladies. Was expecting some things related to science but it's full of hindi movie masala. Disappointed.. One of the wrost movie in Bollywood in sci fiction genre... My expectation in high after seeing the trailer but movie is very poor Just watched #MissionMangal One of the worst movie of all time.. over the top melodrama.. over the top cinematic liberty..over the top acting from all actors.. They made a serious Mars mission complete joke in this movie..Highly disappointed.. This movie is far far far away from its true story. I know because my batchmate who is a mechanical engineer was in that team. Dont know from where they picked up these funny characters. It is true that the mission started long back but it got completed under current govt. Why several projects kept running but never got completed under previous govt and why now all pending projects gets completed. Its because in name of projects previous govt used to do several scams. Just check if i am wrong. I am myself in Central Govt working for last 12 years but i can feel since last 5 years there is more pressure on us to deliver. This movie aim seems to denigrate hindu religion and appease minority community especially Islam. Several times they offended hindu customs and made fun of them. And people say India is intolerant. We Hindus sometimes are taken for granted. We never disrespect anyones religion but others do it more often. We are to be blamed if we watch such movies. Mangal mission involved so much research especially on CFD part but these guys aim as I told was something else. What fuel was developed. Regarding Cryogenic engines etc nothing was there. Made by a person who hate Hindus. Dont waste time on this crap. Very very dull movie
Story taken for granted
Badly scripted One line review only : When will Bollywood take itself seriously ðŸ™„ðŸ˜‘ The Mangalyaan was such a huge achievement for India. All the hardwork and labour of the 17000 scientists at ISRO literally looked like a joke in the movie. In the final scene it was shown that it had been raining continuously for 7 days and then it suddenly stopped and in the next instant, the sun also came out? WT Bollywood? Akshay Kumar, a pseudo-patriot just works for money and that's it. He did the same thing last year with Gold. He showed that India were lagging behind by 3-0 and then suddenly we won by 4-3 although India won by 4-0. Playing with people's emotions is Akshay Kumar's old habit. Coming back to Mission Mangal, what was the point of adding Vidya Balan's family dancing in the Club? In the scene where Tapsee shuts down the whole system and suddenly switches everything on, what was the logic behind that?
Only the last 10 minutes were tolerable.
One word review :- Crap Returned with huge Disappointment...after trailer i was expecting a lot from akshay sir but u totally disappointed me!! I want my 250Rs back!!
Nothing was there in the story!! They mashed up Sci-Fi movie with indian domestic drama!!
Wasted my money!!
Guyz better watch batla house!! Akshay Kumar should go back to Canada!! I wasted my money & time for this GARBAGE!! The slingshot effect or theory is a gravitational push to gain additional velocity for a space craft to break the gravitational pull when spacecraft passes close to a planet. If not for the scientists but it has been an attractive concept for Hollywood movies like Michael Bay's "Armageddon", Nolan's "Interstellar" and Ridley Scott's "The Martian". Recently it has been shown in new Bollywood biggie "Mission Mangal" starring Indian/Canadian actor Akshay Kumar and directed by debutant Jagan Shakti.<br/><br/>"Mission Mangal" is based on the events around Indian Space Research Organization's (ISRO) successful and historic Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) commonly known as Mangalyaan. No doubt ISRO's mission was unique because of two main reasons. First no one from the elitist space club of the world ever expected a successful launch of such a space mission from third world country. Secondly, Mangalyaan was exemplary for its cost effectiveness.
Historic effort by ISRO scientists deserved cinematic recognition but the kind of initiative typical Bollywood has taken to appreciate this event is nothing but a mockery of their own country's achievement. Filmmakers are notorious for taking cinematic liberties while reenacting historical moments for silver screen all over the world but how immaturely Bollywood filmmakers revitalize history in films proves that greed has completely overshadowed creative arts in India. It feels like making money out of anything has become number one priority of Bollywood filmmakers.<br/><br/>This summer Hollywood filmmaker Quentin Tarantino has presented his ambitious "Once Upon A Time in...Hollywood" which also touches real incident from the history but how creatively Tarantino builds the reality of his fictional characters around the facts increases the effectiveness of real incident is worth of your time and money even though Tarantino has completely changed the details of real incident. It still sounds proper homage in Tarantino's way. When it comes to Bollywood, there is only one target their filmmakers want to hit every time, how to make sick amount of money? Out of this world characters, farcical situations, heavy dose of clichÃ©s and preachy dialogues to raise nationalistic dogma show that creators of "Mission Mangal" had only two agendas, how superior Indian minds are and how "Mission Managal" can validate six years' performance of India under Modi.<br/><br/>There are certain valid technical as well as non-technical hotchpotches in "Mission Mangal" but this film is full of contradictions. Where India is notorious as "Rape Capital" of the world, "Mission Mangal" propagates that Indian women are liberated enough to experience non-marital sex. Where lynching incidents of minorities have become a daily norm, "Mission Mangal" deceives audience by showing a teenage hindu is free to choose whatever faith he or she believes in. Individuals from space centers from all over the world are assumed to follow strict discipline but lead space scientist in "Mission Mangal" does "Patch Adams" shenanigans to prove his scientific point in front of his superiors and panel of space scientists.<br/><br/>Performance of lead actors like Akshay Kumar, Vidya Balan and Sonakshi Sinha are satisfactory for Indian audience of today who are already over-hyped with exaggerated nationalistic & religious fervor but not for matured ones.
On the whole, "Mission Mangal" is a typical Bollywood Masala which has been wrapped in space science. No doubt "Mission Mangal" will have thunderous response from the audience in form of mammoth box office collection because this is the only purpose this film serves. Rubich not good I don't like it acting very I waste my time time Akshay Kumar was the weakest link of the movie with his over the top hammering and overacting. Should have casted someone else cause it also felt like that the movie is more focused on making his character look good, compared to other characters and less focused on the mission to Mars. Akshay Kumar just put me off with everything he does, I'd rather watch the documentary on the mission, atleast that way I wouldn't be distracted by Akshay Kumar's big teeth, which is taking me completely out of the movie and ruining the moments. The film is not made as expected.This one is just a one time watchable. The wow element is clearly missing making this film a average one Akshay Kumar has become a propagandist for BJP. May be getting too much money from them nowadays. I had zero expectations before watching mission mangal thats why it didn't disappoint me at all. The makers thought that Indian audiences are dumb enough to understand science and space research so lets put for them some family drama, melodrama, comedy, songs, action(for no goddamn reason a train fight) and ample dose of patriotism to cash on independence day weekend. The 1 star I gave only for vidya balan who was perfect as the working woman balancing her personal and professional life. Also I liked her character's positive outlook towards her family problems. Wish many ladies bring such attitude among themselves. Akshay kumar was less of a scientist and more of a motivational speaker. Taapsee acted stupid throughout and sonakshi sinha was a misfit as the feminist scientist. Wished the director had seen films like apollo 13 before making this. Movie is very slow , same old concept nothing new , below expectations , batla house is much better than mission mangal Just another movie where Akshay kumar is riding the patriotic wave.
#MissionMangal is a borefest...it should have been named "Missing Mangal" or something. Read the firstpost review, it says everything what I feel.
Unless you have noting else to do this can be avoided. You won't miss anything I totally hated the movie it was hinduphobic at sometimes and Bollywood is always like that so...its focus of expect that from that this movie should be on the successful Mars mission of ISRO but this movie has a lot of unwanted drama about Islam about Quran and some Hindu wanting to convert etc ,useless pathetic masala and drama in the movie which is just useless drama it was a bogus movie! If you want to know about Mission Mars then go watch the Nat Geo documentary on Mission Mars of ISRO don't watch this useless drama extra masala movie!
Ty This movie could've been great but as usual typical Bollywood masala had to be forced into it. I don't get why the writers and directors still have to sell their movies with such cheap humour. Audience is smart now. Just stop turning good movies to such awful stuff. Why in the world are ISRO scientists dancing? That's scene was completely unnecessary. Was the metro scene necessary? If you want to portray them having fun then there are 1000 better ways to do that. The entire Islam thing with the boy was so lame and certainly not needed. What is up with the feminism ideology everywhere? Stop forcing propaganda down peoples throat. CGI was below par. What a wasted opportunity. The worst ever I felt watching a movie which is about the great project of ISRO. Stupid comedy and meaningless scenes. Connecting all the stupidity out of nowhere to display how the project is developed. Unnecessary propaganda of promoting islam in the movie. Bollywood stop making films by creating a background of nationalism. Bollywood knows how to destroy an amazing story. They probably can never make a Space-Science movie or may be not even any sci-fi they could make.
ISRO is still great and a national Pride but bollywood is disgrace. Apart from the brilliant fact that "the science behind the ISRO mind" , there is nothing interesting about the movie, these Bollywood people suck! Worst VFX , nonsence comedy, this is space movie but they make it , a entertainment , I think everyone should go for batla house , Akshay look overstar Story not good..all starcast not good..much more fake . This movie is sheer insult to ISRO and all those who are involved in this movie should be booked under sedition charge.
It potrays ISRO scientists as jokers.
In the name of science there's nothing.
Only overdose of comedy.
I hate Akki for this. I want my refund. Even idiotic films like TOH and Race3 are sholay infront of this. #mission_mangal is copied from 'Space MOMs', a Film by Radha Bharadwaj
---
Radha Bharadwaj - "I am an independent filmmaker. I have staked my own funds to celebrate India, Indic culture, and Indian women in my feature film Space MOMs, a Film by Radha Bharadwaj, on the women engineers of India's Mars Mission.
I have sued the makers of Bollywood's Mission Mangal for copyright infringement. The suit is still being litigated at the Mumbai High Court.
I am heartsick to see some members of the Indian press now reporting that my lawsuit has been "sorted out." This is untrue. Nothing has been sorted out; the case is still being litigated. As an indie filmmaker, I don't have deep pockets to fight disinformation. In this case, all I have is the truth."
----
Radha Bharadwaj - "I've been hearing from several original content-creators in India who have had their creations (scripts, stories) taken from them by powerful people in the Indian film industry. Often, these content-creators are threatened with career-destruction if they go public; others are paid to shut up and walk away. Sometimes both carrot and stick are applied in equal measure.
Protecting the rights of content creators is something India is going to have to address: otherwise, the actions of an unscrupulous few will continue to smear the entire country as one of the world's worst copycats.
And for their parts, content-creators must protect their work as well. Do get a copyright registration. And when someone helps themselves to what you've poured heart and soul into, do avail of the legal system. Talk about it on social media. Name names. Shine a light on what has happened to you. Your actions will protect other content-creators. And the perps will learn a lesson: don't grab a tigress/tiger by the tail. Especially if she/he comes armed with a pen." Bollywood please dont treat serious subjects as Joke and Akshay Kumar please learn from John Abraham how to select scripts Bollywood off late is again back with feminist crap showing males in poor light. This time with Mangal Mission. Movie is pathetic and this feminist tadka has made it nauseating. I would rate it -10. Boring Movie I don't like it I waste my time not my choice I was wrong This movie is a big disaster and an insult to the mission! Loaded with songs and overacting by all actors! Zero screen play and direction! Worst movie by Akshay Kumar ever I seen
If you watch this movie then you feel too boring the story of movie is too boring in the movie last 20 minutes are interesting but whole movie 2 hour is boaring How to make a bad movie with a great concept. For starters, you make a movie on one country's technological achievement and pack it with glamorous stars with heavy makeup instead of actors with credible looks. And then you pepper it all over with obsessively compulsive nationalistic overdose. Just return when the satellite finally takes off for Mars, i.e. last 10 minutes! movie is Horrible don't go on paid media Reviews
No spoilers coz the movie sucks I don't know the fuss over this movie being so divisive among reviewers. Of course this movie is more of a fictionalized account of the days leading up to ISRO's MOM launch than a semi autobiographical narrative. So what? So many movies around the world come and go with the "based on/inspired by the events" tag that stray far from reality yet no one bats an eye then.<br/><br/>This movie is just OK, you can bring your parents or colleagues or spouse and you are guaranteed to have a pleasant time with any of them as company. Akshay does a fine job in the lead role with Vidya giving a commendable supporting act. The rest of the cast are passable.<br/><br/>The movie thankfully has not many cringe-worthy moments. The few that were put in more as a quota fulfillment for a standard masala Bollywood film do not stick out like a sore thumb. A lot of people seemed to complain that there was not much emphasis given on the exact science of the Mars mission . Clearly, this movie aims more for that vicarious experience of joy and happiness at having achieved the mission rather than the exact train of intellectual thought that went into solving the obstacles faced.<br/><br/>Finally, there was a commentary by an official reviewer as to how this movie was pandering to nationalism and religious appeasement at the same time.I got neither of those vibes from the movie. Regarding nationalism, I felt the referenced attribute was more about cherishing the underdog tale ( a financially stunted ISRO against space giants like the US and Russia) rather than any political right wing remark. And the religious appeasement angle was anything but left wing. If anything, that subplot was meant to reconcile the different faiths in a diverse nation and pray mutually for the success of the Mars mission.<br/><br/>So,overall I am impressed and will recommend this movie Such a drag. So much useless drama. Waste of a good idea. Too much masala spoiled the plot. I just want to say that to those indians who aspire to work in VFX MNCs Like ILM,MPC,Digital Domain,etc must watch this movie because after watching i think u will appreciate why hollywood VFX is far far ahead of the competition !!!<br/><br/>
-this movie actually turns me heavily to become a better VFX artist. Hindu phobic movie. Muslim appeasement by Bollywood. Avoid watching movie even on tv. What a waste ..... making drama...what a shame.....this is just unacceptable ...i mean this is not how mangalyan was originally planned if you see news archives this is real waste of time of course profitable for the producers on the name of nationalism but this is real shame such wast of timw Akshay Kumar and Vidya Balan is the heart of the film. But I feels like Vidya Balan gets more screentime and importance in the film. Tapsi and other do well as a supporting role. For me the story could have been better. I mean to say that it lacks original version of the story. I mean don't show anything by giving it a patriotic tag. Fantastic film acting was very good and when you watch the you will feel proud to be indian. The casting was good and akshay and vidya nailed it in their respective role , nithiya menen was very good overall film is very nice to watch A team of Indian scientists at ISRO (Indian Space Research Organisation) take on the extraordinary task of successfully sending a satellite into the orbit of planet Mars in a country's maiden attempt.<br/><br/>SPECIAL MENTION - Dil main Mars hai song ruins the plot whnever it comes..!! ðŸ™„<br/><br/>Against all odds, India became the first country in the world to break many space and Earth barriers and reach the distant planet in its first attempt. 'Mission Mangal' is a film that dramatises and recreates this glorious chapter in Indian history.<br/><br/>The focuss on human drama is endearing, but we would have like to see more action happening at ISRO, which we know very little of.<br/><br/>The story picks up in 2010, when a team at ISRO is led by Rakesh (Akshay Kumar) as they launch a rocket into outer space. But that launch mission ends up in unexpected failure when a technical error forces the rocket to veer towards earth.<br/><br/>Rakesh and Tara (Vidya Balan), make a team of junior scientists from ISRO with the intention of putting the Mars Mission into space within 24 months.<br/><br/>MOM's team comprises of five strong women Tara, Eka (Sonakshi Sinha), Neha (Kirti Kulhari), Kritika (Taapsee Pannu) and Varsha (Nithya Menen) who wrack their brains and come up with innovative, low-cost solutions for the Mars mission. Part of the same team are Parmeshwar (Sharma Joshi).<br/><br/>The narrative could have focused more on the mission and the authenticity of the mission control at ISRO. At times, the characters get a bit over-the-top.<br/><br/>Even the CGI is pretty average.<br/><br/>Despite the ups and downs, this story does make you believe that dreams do come true.<br/><br/>When you see India's scientists celebrate their hard-earned victory with the Mangalyaan orbiting Mars, you can't help but cheer for the nation and its scientific success. Boring Movie akshay kumar what are you doing is not your right choice This movie is a blunder....watch the nat geo documentary instead ...dont watch this...this has many unwanted things in the movie for masala....bullcrap. Far from realistic SciFi movie, full of drama and lsIamism propaganda. Waste of money, time and patience. Mission mangal very slow movie hit song ek bhi Nahin Jo movie mein song Nahin hota Hai movie dekhne ka maza hi kharab hota Hai Akshay Kumar thinks he will be successful in everything he does by playing this fake nationalism card in order to milk money. He knows nationalism in the form of jingoism is in currently, so make silly movies with high dosage of nationalism (I would call it jingoism), put some unnecessary age old Bollywood masala and keep underestimatung the intelligence of Indian audience. Akshay Kumar is not a well read man and he playing a scientist didn't just fit in, he is good only to play 'his' kind of roles.. Even a two years old has more brains than this movie.. A childish, sub standard so called space movie made in a belief that Indian audience are intellectually dumbs.. Only actors like Ayushmann, Rajkumar and Aamir khan can make Bollywood movies better The movie instead of showing science fiction things targets the Indian and show their achievement just an lucky & accidentally They make fun of our lifestyle, make us show silly. Also if you worship god before launch its shown disgraceful and doing prayer by non hindu is such a respectful thing in field of science..hypocrisy at its best.. This movie had no business to delve into Islam and undercurrents of religious mess but instead of focusing on good science they've leant on good old melodrama and hyper emotional writing.
Poor movie which otherwise would have been great if they just focused on the core of that story which is how Indian scientists achieved success in their first attempt to go to Mars on a shoestring budget. You won't find much of it here. A great mission ridiculed by utter nonsensical and unnecessary dramatization. As big of a "patriotic cinema" I am, what an absolute garbage movie was this. A bizarrely stupid plot with one of the most cringeworthy climax I've ever seen. I mean come on Akki bhai, you can do better. What a stupid movie this was. We want Bollywood to compete with Hollywood and at the same time we don't want Bollywood to experiment on other genres of Litrature. It seems disheartening that Indian audience is just stick to Patriotic kind of genre. I am too proud of India, but aren't we all already proud of our nation?
Do we need to make and watch such movies to prove that we are proud of our nation?
Such movies has the limited audience and we can't ever pitch them commercially to International market.
Movies like this are cashing in on sentiments of Indian Public. Mission Mangal is made of true story, it has been twisted into a joke and our scientific wait has been shown as a joke and the story has been drawn unnecessarily and made fun of to entertain the audience. Shouldn't have wanted to make fun of any serious story. Zero information about the science behind the Mission, just bollywood drama with focus on women empowerment and minority appeasement. A very bad picturization of our ISRO scientists to attract crowd in a cheap way. The film tried to add too many rubbish factors and failed to produce a realistic subject of art and science. Batla house is far much mature and developed than This film. Mission mangal should have been dealt with respect dignity. Shame I don't understand what is obsession of Bollywood to add "tadka" in a serious movie about important mission of ISRO!It is very sad to see the way characters of those space scientists is portrayed.Bollywood must understand that songs are not required in movie about space science!The movie has many cringy scenes like Tapsee pannu's introduction.The team should have done some research about mission properly and worked on graphics instead of songs and other nonsense.Vidya Balan is only one whose acting was good.Rest all was overacting by cast!Please watch the documentary on YouTube instead of this disasterclass!! Mission mangal movie very serial not good next choice John Abraham batla House MISSION MANGAL - With this film my unsatisfactory run continues on with 'True story based movie starring Akhsay Kumar in lead' including Airlift, Rustam, Toilet - Ek Prem Katha, Gold and Kesari with PADMAN being the only exception which i liked a lot.<br/><br/>This one is not your usual fact based movie (like almost every other true story starring Akshay). Because even if you don't know all the facts about the Mission (just like me), the way things happened in the film you can easily judge that No-Way in reality things would have happened in this way. So first suggestion would be Watch this movie with a lot of GRAIN OF SALT. For comparison i would say 'Parmanu: The Story of Pokhran' was a better movie made in a realistic and fact based way.<br/><br/>But this movie is nowhere bad or anything. Its a decent entertainment. Infact some may like it a lot or even love it, who just want to get entertained doesn't care much about to know the realistic ways of working in ISRO or doesn't mind OVER-SIMPLIFIED science. This movie makes you feel like the Mission was so easy to accomplish and the ideas were so easy to come by. For example in one scene Sonakshi's character just utters the word "Its Impossible" upon which she gets an Angry speech from Akshay to do her job rightly. And the next morning she came up with the idea to solve the problem. Its like the scolding was the magical thing to open a Scientist's mind.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, some things which i really liked are the portrayal of Women in the movie and the role reversal. There have been uncountable movies where we see Men doing important jobs and wife being at home sometimes being supportive and sometimes not. That role is totally reversed here. Which i really loved. It makes you realize that in this predominate world were it has been made Universal Rule that its just Mother's Job to nurture there child (Dialogues from a husband to her wife like - tumhe to bas job ki padi hei, bachon tumhare bigad rahe hein & ETC) how difficult it is for working Women to manage Work with Home. Much more difficult then its more Men.<br/><br/>Vidya Balan is in the front and center of the film. Infact i think its not Akhsay who should have been the big face on the Poster, rather it should have been Balan. I mean seriously , she literally had longer screen time in the movie then Akhsay. But you know Akshay Kumar sells ticket, so that,s that. But thankfully Women in this film got great characters, and i mean each and everyone. And every actress did really good job with her character even if some of them didn't got enough screen time.<br/><br/>The Direction in comparison is not so perfect. Again its not bad at all , rather the First Time director shows that he has good hands to control a film but he also shows that right now he is a little inexperienced. He couldn't made the scenes tighter, couldn't raise enough excitement which could have made this movie better. In comparison he handles the funny scenes pretty brilliantly.<br/><br/>The movie is long. And it takes almost 60-65% of the movie to finish for the actual mission to start.<br/><br/>It was just too Bollywoodised. The science was too simplified. the tension was not there. Rather it was a fun movie. And i didn't wanted the movie which was based on one of the Biggest Achievement of my Country to be just a 'FUN MOVIE'. I wanted it to be something more then that.<br/><br/>7.1/10<br/><br/>By ANuP APu KuMaR Just came from watching the movie. A very good effort. Simple clean movie. Had fun watching the movie. Vidya Balan was the gel holding the movie. Akshay Kumar felt at times a little over acting. Enjoyed the drama, the work of all actors. Overall 8 out of 10. Please go watch the movie then decide Movie deserves a watch as it is high on patriotism and has a great message and story which every indian should know about ISRO Mission Mangal is incredible movie.. inspiring and motivational story of ISRO ... Got very emotional and feel very petriotic.. akshay kumar you are amazing.
vidya balan, taapsee, sonakshisinha you inspired us... Go for it. This movie proves again that you do not need extreme big budgets to make a decent movie, replicating the point made in the movie's true story as well. Very good graphics that convey the storyline and the finale. Hats off to Akshay Kumar for once again deciding to do a movie that is meaningful and sensible. The true story of this mission is as amazing as it's scientists. Power to them and the belief that it was possible. India became the first country to successfully launch a satellite mission to Mars in its first try! The movie is a must watch for that itself but it's entertaining as much! This movie fails on so many levels. The most disappointing movie ever I saw in my entire life. The movie felt so pointless that people started leaving the movie half way through from the theater. I seriously feel so bad that I want a refund. Total waste of time and money. Great cast with great movie.. with wonderful screenplay and cinematography .. Launch of mangalyaan, a great moment in history of India, ruined for people who learn history by watching movies. It is an extremely absurd portrayal of mangalyaan. This movie belittles ISRO scientists by showing them as overly superstitious (Sharman Joshi) and unprofessional (Akshay Kumar), ISRO Scientists play the fake victim card to get their colleagues ex-husbands beaten up?, This movie shows the importance of religious freedom but hypocritically mocks other religions for their beliefs. Their idea of women power is to reverse the gender roles but definitely not equal treatment for men and women
(look at the train-fight scene with interchanged genders, it would show my point). It appears the movie team had a lot of agendas to push that they forgot that the movie was actually about the achievements of ISRO scientists, which i wanted to see in the movie, i am very disappointed and I want my money back, NOW! MISSION MANGAL REVIEW :-<br/><br/>
True events surrounding us leave us fascinating. If we connect them watching on TV or by reading in Newspapers then just imagine how would it be to experience those achievements on silver screen. Mission Mangal showcases a Glorious Chapter from Indian Space Commission which will leave you with Goosebumps. The film makes you feel proud on ISRO because Mangalyaan Mission was blended by so much of struggle, hard work, financial crisis and natural disasters yet successfully achieved by ISRO in the very First Attempt.<br/><br/>The story begins with ISRO's failure of GSLV and then starts rolling around Mission Mars. Rakesh Dhawan (Akshay Kumar) and Tara Shinde (Vidya Balan) are experienced and dedicated scientists in ISRO who always want India to achieve high feat in Space research field. After the failure of GSLV Rakesh and Tara unite for Mission Mars and they make a core Team of Junior Scientists Eka Gandhi (Sonakshi Sinha), Kritika Agarwal (Taapsee Pannu), Varsha Pillai (Nithya Menen), Neha Siddiqui (Kirti Kulhari), Sharman Joshi (Parmeshwar Naidu) and Ananth Iyer (HG Dattatreya). A misfit and unenthusiastic team gets boosted by Tara's desire to reach Mars and then everyone from the team gives out thier Soules for the project. After so much of hard work, time, dedication, techniques and weather difficulties the Mission is Accomplished and admired by the Globe. This Fantastic script is blessed by Powerful performances of Vidya Balan and Akshay Kumar. Rest members of cast have less to do but does what they could do best. Screenplay in the 1st half is Highly Engaging that you don't even realise when an hour is passed. 2nd half starts slowly but then has enough enjoyable part towards the end. Music is a let down and irritating, that Mission Mangalam Song is total Disastrous attempt. There was no need of this kind of Spoofy song in Technically advanced Film. Cinematography is decent, but Rocket Laughing scenes will give you jitters. The other reason for that is Background Music.<br/><br/>Director Jagan Shakti and Creative Director R Balki tries to pull off a fresh theme in Bollywood in same old way. Although it works on major prospects, some mistakes are there too. That typical dramatic portion at the end looks unrealistic while we were expecting some realistic and fascinating stuff. Even though a theory of Mission was difficult to execute on screen without fictitious changes, those dramatic goofs can be forgiven because the overall impact doesn't let you down. Mission Mangal deserves your watch especially when it comes to Independence Day release, and it also has that Untold Global Phenomena achieved by ISRO. Claps and applaud won't Stop when you leave theatres.<br/><br/>RATING- 6.5/10* Mission Mangal is perfect movie for Independence Day. We know the story of success not the struggle.
Do watch with your family.
Don't want to give spoiler. It's great movie. Watch & decide yourself. Hearth thrilling experience was thinking what would have been feeling of those who were actually involved in this mission. What joy they must have felt in their heart when this was success. No wonder our PM applauded this so much when it was achieved. Go for it, you will have exciting couple of hours It's a masterpiece. Perfect blend of Science and entertainment. Akshay Kumar and Vidya balan on top notch. All other actors have done wonderful job. It was a superb movie. The plot, starcast , etc of the movie was well chosen. It's a tribute to ISRO. Watching this movie will make you feel proud of our country. So do watch it. This is one of the best movies of 2019, absolutely best in science fiction genre, no one tried to this scientific currect to this date. This is not only sci-fi but women empowerment movie. But still some fan clubs spreading hate hare. Great movie. Giving this rate 10. Just the most frank behaviour of the scientists of ISRO was little bit impractical. Rest is okay and awesome. And Akshay Kumar, always great, always cool. Hats off to Akshay Kumar for making an impeccable film based about space #FinalVerdict<br/><br/>Mission Mangal is sure to win accolades, acclaim, awards and box-office rewards! Jagan Shakti hits a boundary in his very first #Hindi attempt. An outstanding story narrated with ferocious enthusiasm!<br/><br/>Mission Mangal may be a fictionalized account of true events but Jagan Shakti's story ensures it does not transform into a documentary that focuses completely and absolutely on the incidents. The director makes sure that it not only enlightens but entertains as well. Bravo!<br/><br/>While the enthralling drama catches your attention, the execution of the written material, besides proficient performances from each and every member of the cast, makes Mission Mangal a game changer. Many might not be aware of this case, hence, the novelty factor is also there.<br/><br/>R. Balki, Nidhi Singh Dharma(first movie as writer), Jagan Shakti & Saketh Kondiparthi's screenplay blend science & entertainment effortlessly and their dialogues are sure to bring the house down. However, there's no doubt that some scenes are exceptionally scripted. Double thumbs up!<br/><br/>Mission Mangal's layered script - a central Mangalyaan theme topped with the second layer of women empowerment/characters' personal issues and the icing on the cake is nationalism running throughout with humour - shows Jagan Shakti's level of maturity in his very first endeavour.<br/><br/>Akshay Kumar does complete justice to his character. Once the narrative seizes your attention, he brings alive his character and you don't draw parallels subsequently with any other role. Vidya Balan is splendid, especially in the first half, & shows effortless acting prowess! You cannot take your eyes off Sonakshi Sinha. She gets to deliver a knockout performance. Taapsee Pannu utilises to the maximum the screen time that is offered to her. Watch out for her in the penultimate scenes. Harihar Gundurao Dattatreya aka Dattanna is delightfully brilliant. Kirti Kulhari again delivers a rock solid/relatable performance. Sharman Joshi is outstanding from start to end. The length of Nithya Menen's role may not be much but she registers a strong impact nonetheless. Dalip Tahil's mannerisms and dialogue delivery are exemplary. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise package of the film. Post interval his transformation would be greeted with claps & whistles. Purab Kohli and Md Zeeshan Ayyub help tremendously in the progress of the film.<br/><br/>Amit Trivedi's music/background score elevates the mood of the film. Ravi Varman has done a magnificent job with the camera and captures the essence of Mission Mangal with flourish. Chandan Arora's editing is razor-sharp at most times, but could've been spruced up during some portions. The VFX by Famulus Media and Entertainment is top notch.<br/><br/>Mission Mangal easily ranks amongst Fox Star Hindi, Hope Productions & Cape Of Good Films finest films. Do yourself & your family a favour: Watch Mission Mangal. It's emotional, entertaining, enlightening and it makes you want to stand and applaud in the theatre towards the end. Great movie. Complex topic presented in a manner that a common person could understand. Akshay Kumar is becoming better by the day. All the lead stars have done a great job. Throughly enjoyed the movie. Quite inspiring. Must watch This is one of the best movie after URI in recent times. It will give same pride feeling as chak De India, Lagaan and others. Every Indian must watch.<br/><br/>I'm not sure why some users given very low rating. Seems like purposefully doing by anti Indians. Don't believe them!<br/><br/>Just go and watch now! You will feel proud! This is a slick, well-made funny movie that is highly entertaining with a huge feel-good factor. Most negative reviews are unwarranted. This is a fictionalised account, not a documentary. Of course, this is not how the real Mars mission happened. The Mars mission is just a pretext to tell a good story. The movie does capture the reality of working in a government organisation in India and thinking big.There are good documentaries available on YouTube for critics who feel it doesn't capture the reality of ISRO or India's Mars mission. The film succeeds in telling an inspirational story and capturing the spirit of science, risk-taking, and sheer hard work that made India's Mars Orbital Mission just a huge success. The film also highlights gender-based issues that characterise contemporary India, which are not related to the Mars mission. Bollywood makes a lot of bad movies but this isn't one of them. Excellent over-all acting by all lead actors. I liked it a lot and won't mind seeing it again. The only other Bollywood movie I saw twice was Bajrangi Bhaijan. This one is better. For me entertainment it what I require and this movie gives me entertainment It's one of the best film of Bollywood...Abhi abhi maine dekha...Akshay sir awesome...Go & Watch the film..it gives you Goosebumps many Friends, Please watch Mission Mangal movie in theaters, It is a superb film 10/10.
Yesterday I went to the theater to watch this beautiful movie & There was a small girl 3 or 4 years old came along with her mom & dad, sitting on her dad's lap she was watching the movie silently & towards the end when India's mars mission rocket got launched in the movie she started clapping, dancing with joy, tears of joy came to my eyes just to see her happiness.
what a beautiful memory, we need many more inspirational movies like Mission Mangal for our young generation.
So do not miss the chance to see this beautiful movie in the theater. An excellent movie on a great subject. Akshay, Vidya and Taapsee are brilliant. Sonakshi is worst as usual. Very entertaining movie. Must watch movie for every Indian who love their country and appreciate the work of ISERO scientists. Amazing movie!!! One of my fav movies of all time! Well definitely a lot of drama as expected, but hey, drama is what it takes to make the movie entertaining. Go watch! Good star cast! I'm seeing several negative reviews. I hope you understand to not believe in bogus one liner reviews.
I watched it first day first show. I had no expectations. And for me, it was a worth experience.
The joy I felt watching it with audience! When everyone shouts 'bharat mata ki jai' in unison! Just uplifts the soul!
I know it has it's down sides. But I will ways suspend my disbelief if the film is well written and well acted, which I found it is.
I found it perfectly inspiring (not preachy). Akshay's character's unfaltering hope and sense of humour was damn inspiring to watch! And all the characters were well written and acted. The story is tight and crisp! Yes, it has that emotion! It captured ISRO's attitude. But did it achieved, for me, what it had set out for, i.e. to inspire the next generation? May be no. Inspiration for next generation would come if it had shown more of the reality and technical struggle which the making of a spaceship goes through. In reality, I believe, it not possible to succeed just with pep-talks and ideas from jugaad. If the struggle had got more screentime and tried to show reality, it might have more impact on next generation.
But anyways, even I can't predict it's effect for sure. I can only say for myself.
But I still say, I was moved. Gave me an inspiration towards life.
I just enjoyed the experience, loved the acting and dialogues, and appreciate the effort to educate through films. Great work! It is a very good entertainer and keeps you hooked on. The actual story has been dramatized well with subtle jokes. Well scripted, directed and acted. The technicalities has been brought down to ensure layman can understand.<br/><br/>As the movie closes it makes you as an Indian feel proud about our scientists. It is a must watch with your family to feel the excitement of success of mars mission.
Good movie to watch around Independence day . Excellent movie with perfect screenplay and dialogues
Akshay Kumar and Vidya balan balanced really well in this movie..
A must watch movie. This film shows India's greatest historical achievement of sending the Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan) satellite to the red planet in the very first attempt at a low cost. It shows the inspirational journey and the set of events that lead up to the successful mission by a group of scientists.<br/><br/>The film shows that anything can be achieved when you have determination, hardwork and perseverance. It captivates the viewer completely from the beginning until the very end! The screenplay is very interesting and keeps you hooked to your seat. The film also has its fair share of comedy and emotions and there are many instances which will touch your heart! All the members of the cast have contributed equally to the success of this film.<br/><br/>The film focuses more on the stories of the scientists involved in the mission and shows less of the technicalities involved in it. The working and the ideas involved are also simplified greatly to enthuse the general audience. One thing which didn't convince me was the absence of Kannada when the whole setup of the film is shown to be in Bengaluru. In one scene, Akshay Kumar throws up some Tamil dialogues when he pretends to speak with the great scientist A.P.J. Abdul Kalam which I felt was unnecessary.<br/><br/>Overall this is a feel-good film with a rousing narrative sure to bring in a proud and patriotic feel in every Indian who watches it! Beyond any such of doubt #managalYaan
This is true beard story about ISRO and all members have 110% Many people expecting too much from India and this good but this movie showing us how hard is to do something different
And this movie is trying to develop people's mind in every scene if observer full movie
And this movie was too interesting for me ! Too inspiring
Totally loved it Outstanding movie.. every peoples character is point to point... movie story holds grip., must watch movie on big screen. Don't listen to 1 or 10 star reviews coz they are paid account. This is a good movie with good storyline and great acting. Those who enjoy typical masala movie please stay away from this. It was a phenomenal feat of India and ISRO. Every Indian should watch this movie. It is a good one.. Yeah they have exaggerated things but thats why it is a movie.. Its not bad for a one time watch.. Besides one scene where a son was extremely,extremely extremely rude with his mother"Mission Mangal"was a very good movie in every sense.The acting,direction,editing,
screenplay were all top notch.The film made you really realise what a fantastic accomplishment,India has achieved in being able to have a successful mission to Mars on their very first attempt.
7/10 It is intriguing tale of underdog story. An perfect tale of innovation. It is First space movie and it will set benchmark for sure.
Akshay Kumar is perfect casting for this role.
Vidya Balan is soul of movie . Rest all are good This is one of the best films made by Bollywood in recent times. It has drama, tension, humour everything you can ask for in a 2 hour film. Hardly 1 or 2 songs. Even though a lot of the scenes are over-the-top & dramatised for the sake of being a Bollywood entertainer, it nonetheless celebrates the true spirit of the scientists of ISRO & makes you feel genuinely proud as an Indian. My only criticism is that the makers didn't focus enough on the intricacies & complexities of the science behind such a revolutionary space mission to Mars. But that's okay since they have to cater to all the masses & so they cut down on that aspect. Besides that, the film is nearly perfect & neatly made. All the actors did a brilliant job and the best part was that contrary to popular belief, the movie isn't Akshay Kumar's & doesn't focus on his character any more than others.<br/><br/>Go watch it with your friends & family. You won't regret it! #missionmangal makes an extraordinary stand in all as the multistarerr stars holds the movie efficient. Story is mass and excellent. Akshay Kumar and team just nailed it ! MissionMangal One of the best movie of the year. Terrific real story You should watch this movie in a theatre. I personally recommend to go and watch. Mind blowing movie. A truly inspiring movie with every aspect of life in it.One of the finest movie in Bollywood history Worth watching..not a great movie but it doesn't deserve such negativity...not a akki fan but movie was good.. Mission Mangal is educative and entertaining. Vidya Balan excels,leaving the maximum impact in the film; followed by Akshay Kumar, the spark this film needed. Sonakshi, Tapsee, Nithya, H.G. Dattatreya, Sharman and Kriti excel! Goosebumps at climax! A good script which is ruined by poor music...what was that..mission mangalam song...so irritating..<br/><br/>Should have told the story straight and in a serious matter..<br/><br/>Akshay best as always.
Vidya outstanding
Others average.<br/><br/>After you compare to another movie Pramanu starring John...that was a way better created than mission Mangal.<br/><br/>Proud of you ISRO and I am proud to be an Indian.. Spread negativity , do whatever you want, the movie is doing well, WOM is very good and.... The reviews are gonna come here also...dont worry🤣🤣🤣 It's interval and till here MissionMangal is a crap and waste of time film. Till now Akshay and Vidya are trying to make a team, who will built a low cost rocket to send to Mars to make a history. Lol! Despite tons of criticism in this forum, I would say I loved to watch this movie. It is so much inspiring. The visual technicalities are done like Hollywood movies. There is a good story line. The movie is never boring and quite gripping. While the respect towards science in mass population is going down, I would hope after watching this movie, many children would dream about becoming scientists.
The acting of Akshay Kumar and Vidya Balan is fantastic. The set up is spectacular. I would thank the director immensely even to think of making this movie and take this bold attempt. Useless masala and Drama was there...no context of the real mars mission.This movie is a disgrace to ISRO and India.
Waste!! I was very excited for this movie and it was all going well at the start until the typical over dramatisation of Bollywood started creeping in. Pathetic story telling. A great plot but filled with horrendous and unnecessary scenes and cheesy dialogues. Uninspired writing.<br/><br/>As per them, Indian space program is inspired by some home cookery show. More than mars mission, it is a 2:30 hour saga of women empowerment. I mean was that scene where girls beat up guys in the Metro scene really necessary? It cringed me!<br/><br/>Oh and an entire space agency reconnects to its satellite by just abruptly pulling off the power lever! 😂😂😂 That was hilarious! An actual incident like that wudve been a court martial for the person who does that.<br/><br/>That rain scene which never happened in real. Why this dramatisation? Just let it be man!<br/><br/>The CGI were good. Acting is okay. The last 20mins are the only worth watching parts. All in all, a great plot but again ruined by the people making it. Over hype movie, just to earn money, and using nationalism and all such things,
.
Female actors perform really well, according to their given script,
Just over hyped drama here and there..
.
But I give batla house 10 rating.. u should watch batla house Disappointed this time not good I wasted my time nothing new While ISRO's Mars mission was all about technological innovation, 'Mission Mangal' portrays it as an exercise in jugaad - a grave injustice to ISRO In this era where people are getting very patriotic and there is this air of nationalism and patriotism. Mission Mangal adds more to the trend and makes us proud about our technological advancements yet not forgetting our value systems, faith in God etc. my country is changing. Do see it. You must watch this movie in theatre only that too in big screen to enjoy the movies . 100% positive vibe movie. Some are making negative comments FORGET it and watch at theatre 🎭.owesome movie a must watch for all Indians . Super duper movie after a long time or after Amir khan Dangal or Bahubali 💪🏻 Movie more filled with emotions or sentiments and with no clear way to carry forward the movie... This movie has lost in space . They runied the actual real time sucess with this pitty effort , no sceince and technology educated just make it sound like a floak in indian history . Pathetic movie, ISRO must file a defamation case against the producer of this film. Inspired by the way movie was taken. Do not afraid to take failures which will reach you to bigger success and nobody could. Own the Failures and do not stop. Appreciate the people who did that. Learn from small things. You can all learn this from movie. Scientist will feel embarrassed and public will lose their brain cells. Don't know why some people here are acting like They know everything just watch movie and enjoy don't go with logics i know. Muslim ppl hated this movie as we know most of them are salman Shahrukh amir fans and anti indians So mediocre, pathetic dialogues, worst direction, bad acting by good actors like akshay vidya sharman. And lots of useless drama. Why does we have to be so unreal about the whole thing? Seriously scientist have time dancing with broom in there hands ???? Why cant you just show how it actually happened ?? This movie could have gone for oscars but i guess not. I don't know when bollywood could come out of these utter nonsense emotional dramas! Disgusted with the drama in a scientifically important movie! Doesn't deserve the recognition it got. I get that, this movie was made for the masses and so it has to have, the masala and cringeworthy scenes, but then at least make an attempt at raising the bar a bit. This movie was cringeworthy in most parts. Thankfully you guys stopped short of showing Akshay kumar and crew dancing with aliens on Mars at the end. What a waste of time full propaganda film better to watch a documentary than this Bad script, masala, typical bollywood stuff. Nothing more. I wish Indian audience was smart enough!
This movie seems like it's trying to mock ISRO's Mangalyaan mission Fraud canadian deshbhakt is at it again. manipulating facts to suit his opportunistic beliefs. mangalyan mission was launched during upa 2 and merely finished during supreme leader modis time but this movie showcases it as supreme leader's achievement.the female leads are the only saving grace along with some relevant messages about tolerance for different faiths. To be honest this movie is a waste of time if you are expecting to see the real process that went behind Mangalyaan. The movie is more than 2 hours long and all they focused on the characters barely showing anything about mars mission. One could argue that too much science would not go with an average Indian audience but that shows how the director looks at his audience. They are simply selling patriotism and earning money. This film is a huge insult to the audience. The makers seem to be confused between what direction to take and in the process just end up ruining everything. Director seems to have no idea what treatment is. Writing and research is just laughable: The so called high profile scientists are near to never seen or heard mention anything related to science but there are plentiful inspirational lines, monologues.
What more? Random songs and dances for no apparent reason; just for the sake of it. Mission Mangal, said to be based on true events, is anything but a science based film. The scientists are shown as losers who dance, sing, cook in the office itself. It is everything but a space based film. There is a deliberate attempt to cash in on the nationalistic feeling, which isn't really needed in a film like this. Expected a sleek, hard hitting portrayal of the successful Mars mission, but it is anything but a sci fi. It is actually a cheesy comedy film masquerading as a space drama. Easily avoidable. This is a one time watch. Mission Mangal was such a huge mission and the movie does not do enough justice. Typical indian drama movie. If you are looking for a perfect weekend with a movie then Mission Mangal is the perfect choice.
Believe Mission Mangal is the best movie of 2019 came out from Bollywood. Akshay Kumar at his best. Vidya Balan nailed it again. Tapsee, Sonakshi, Nithya Menon phenomenal.
It's a very inspirational movie, you can watch it with your children. Each and every movement of the movie is inspirational... Keep it on your mind you are watching a mainstream Bollywood movie not documentary. A film which is a tribute to ISRO has entertainment value also.<br/><br/>Go for it. Mission mangal is best film of 2019 and Akshay kumar's carrier. Amazing movie concepts and acting of all actors are very very good. I think be a Indian always must watch the movie. Mission mangal film is our proud. Direction: Debutant Jagan Shakti rock the space drama with brlliant direction. He left no stone unturn to make understand the audince with domestic examples. Inclusion of astrology gave comic sense to the movie.<br/><br/>Performances: Akshay Kumar and Vidya Balan steal the show and their performances were on the top. Sonakshi Sinha and Taapsee Pannu have done great job in the supporting role. Nithya Menen, Kirti Kulhari, Sharman Joshi, Sanjay Kapoor, H.G. Duttatreya andVikram Gokhale did really good work.<br/><br/>Script: One of the finest chacter writing done for Akshay kumar. It looks like this script was wating for him. I would say spellbounding script by R Balki and Jagan Shakti.<br/><br/>VFX: VFX was realy good but it can be better than this.<br/><br/>Music: Amit Trivedi and Tanishk Bagchi have done the justice with the music. Uusually this genre does not required music as mandatory stuff.<br/><br/>Box-office: As words of mouth is so much positive,it must earn more than 150 crores in its lifetime collection.<br/><br/>Last Words: What else you want in motivation to watch this movie. Its amazing.. must watch for every indian
Akshay kumar is cracking..
vidya balan amazing
feel proud for every person
Scientists ke liye perfect tribute hai
isro done hai brilliant job
all the 17000 scientists
thank u This is the bollywood waiting for....this is best movie....everyone must watch once in there life...fun, science, logic, indian and paisa wasoool.... Mission mangal actors performance very slow movie Akshay Kumar bad acting best choice John Abraham batla House Having worked in government, I find this movie as utter rubbish. The movie is typical failure and drama of non sense scenes. Science was kept out of door and full movie was circling around typical bollywood mockery.
Watch A man who knew infinity. You will be amazed, Hollywood saved Ramanujam but bollywood ruined image of ISRO. The storyline of MOM mission is one of biggest fantastic story of this century but bollywood ruined it with their typical melodrama. I urge Akshay Kumar to stop making people fool. Sonakshi is biggest joke in this movie she should submit resignation from bollywood. I believed in Akashay kumar's capability but he is really the one who just complete his assignment without emotions in the movie. This movie was emotions to crore of indians but it miserablly failed to recognise sentiments. A biggest failure of decade. I wish Hollywood could had made movie on MOM mission. Highly disappointing This is a must must watch movie. In love with the screenplay and direction. A salute to the real heroes of India who work in silence to make the country proud and capable in every way. Love for ISRO. It was a proud moment for India when the Mangalayaan or Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) was launched on 5th November, 2013 enhanced by beautiful speech by Narendra Modi- "Hollywood movies cost more than what this mission cost us". Naturally, Mission Mangal sky-rocketed expectations with its electrifying trailer, impressive star cast and curiosity it built to watch the film. But all the glitters is not gold.<br/><br/>Mission Mangal tells the true story of the journey of Indian scientist from Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) who made it possible for Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan), the first Indian space probe to be launched in Mars.<br/><br/>Mission Mangal is directed by Jagan Shakti (creative director is R. Balki who made Cheeni Kum, Paa and Padman) and stars Viday Balan, Sonakshi Sinha, Sharman Joshi, Tapsee Pannu, Kirti Kulhari and Nithya Menen in key roles. The movie begins with the failure of one mission by ISRO which demotes Rakesh Dhawan (Akshay Kumar) to the Mars mission which he readily accepts as a challenge, accompanied by Tara Shinde (Vidya Balan). He starts building the team which includes right set of people required for the right job. Till here, the movie lets you breathe.<br/><br/>However, things starts becoming little questionable when Akshay Kumar and Vidya Balan try to prove how mission can be accomplished by making Puris and showing to the chief officers of ISRO in the middle of a meeting by bringing gas cylinder, stove etc to prepare (Not sure whether the ISRO scientist actually did this to show the demo ðŸ˜‚ ). Anyways, as the team is set up, each member, apart from working on the project, also dances, shake their bon-bon , cleaning the working area full of dust, paints the wall and even setup the table and chair to make it look like a ISRO lab (Bollywood movie right, let us give them excuse). Moving on .. the mission date is fixed and satellite is scheduled to be launched. All of sudden, there is a heavy downpour and our team of scientist feel saddened by the change of weather. But don't feel bad, just after the rain, immediately there is a ray of sunshine (Vidya Balan also prays to God for this) and our scientists gets excited and finally our mission is ready to be launched ... Hurray !!!<br/><br/>The stage is set and the rocket is ready steady to go. As the satellite should be oscillating around the Earth orbit for sometime, it needs to get boosted by quick ignition (something like Puri can even be made even though the gas burner is switched off due to excessive heat built up). However, our great director still thought that he needs to add more melodrama to add a twist to the tale. As the satellite gets hang and disconnected from all sort of communication, Taapsee Pannu uses a trick what her husband taught when her computer gets jammed - restart the computer ðŸ˜…. She exactly does the same - restart the entire program and believe it or not the communication is restored ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜ƒ and finally it is injected into Mars. In real, after a 298-day transit to Mars, it was inserted into Mars orbit on 24 September 2014. (Source -Wikipedia).<br/><br/>My only concern is - Can't we actually make a simple movie of what really went into the launching of most successful program of India from ISRO ? Why do Bollywood has to infuse melodrama and manipulate things to make it sentimental and gain sympathy vote ? Scientists at ISRO have spent tons of effort to make this mission a grand success (hope they do not see the filmy version) and director and writer could have translated it into a beautiful cinema. Nevertheless, I liked the last 10 minutes of film but will not recommend to watch. Background score and even the songs was irritating (can't believe it was coming from the combo of Amit Trivedi and Amitabh Bhattarcharya)<br/><br/>Performance wise, it is Akshay Kumar and Vidya Balan who saves the day for you.<br/><br/>Overall, Mangalyaan will make you feel proud of ISRO but certainly not this movie. Disappointing. Below average Such a great movie. Made me so inspired to work hard. Excellent execution i loved it Mission Mangal is an enlightening and humbling 'Mangalyaan for Dummies' with a measured sprinkling of masala and humour for mass appeal and to prevent it from being a bland documentary. Mostly good acting and Akshay Kumar is anyway easy on the eyes. Before you can wipe off your tears of joy after the climax, you hear the unnecessary gloating of the country's famous chest thumper. Someone please tell him to leave the chest thumping to juvenile gorillas. A bit of humility and a pat on the back of the high achieving team will do wonders. The movie's pull is it's starcast but in this age of the internet it tries to pull the wool over the viewer eyes by sneaking in religious angle to subtly create an oft repeated bogeyman of hinduphobia.. We tolerated in your OMG, toilet ek premkatha(brahmin bashing)..no more faking it akshay Kumar and hyena laugh vidya balan..we the audience wasv Next choice John Abraham movie batla House excellent movie Wohoo !!
Creativity is the domain of simplicity!
"Mission Mangal" explains each complex scientific concept so easily with everyday affairs that everyone will know what Rocket Science is.<br/><br/>Science is in Poori, science is in Dosa, science is in the pillowcase, science is in everything. Yes, scientific ideas can come from everywhere and if the intentions are strong, each vision can be a Mission.<br/><br/>It is a glorious story full of fun, emotions and sacrifices that can make everyone proud!<br/><br/>The team led by Akshay and Vidya is natural and impeccable. Sonkshi, Tapsee, Nithya, Sharman, Kirti, Vikram Gokhale, Sanjay Kapoor, Zeeshan Ayub, Dileep Tahil, HG Dattatrey, all shine in their roles.<br/><br/>Such a difficult mission presented in such a light and entertaining way.<br/><br/>This movie is a #winner
#AnkitKrSinha #AnkitSinha Deserves less than 1 star. Don't go by the 10/9/8 ratings, all are dumb crackheads who have no idea of real science. I mean WTF? Why mix a mission/motive with useless, run of the mill personal life issues. It felt the director just had 2 lines to tell the base plot with intention of filling the rest with trash songs/dialogues. At one extreme we have 'hidden figures', no nonsense movie. Yes, they did showcase personal lives but only the part which was worth showing some social issue. Mission Mangal is a real story about a group of ISRO scientists fulfilling their dream to step on Mars.. The film shows how the scientists worked hard day and night giving their best ,even though they had to face several constraints from many departments...The film also portrays the various facets of different women's life yet the passion in them to complete the mission...The energy, the zest, the zeal with which a failed mission was reincarnated was simply awe-inspiring to watch ..Truly, at the end, the audience draws a lot of courage and motivation from the film and we hope that it will ignite a lot of brains in future... We can say Akshay Kumar starrer Mission Mangal is a science fiction genre movie but this fiction is also a reality so I would say it feeds my curiosity about MOM. The story begins with a failed ISRO mission led by Rakesh Dhawan played by Akshay Kumar and from there how he leads his team to ultimate destination Mars. The story portrays how ISRO scientists put their heart and soul into the Mars mission and sends satellite to Mars and how India becomes proud nation to go to Mars in lowest cost till date. The portrayal of the characters are very good by all the actors.This film also does songs in a very subtle way which goes with the flow without any distraction. All in all,producer R Balki and director Jagan Shakti delivers a first of it's kind space movie from India with fabulous special effects and is definitely a treat to watch. Huge disappointment, it is not a sci-fi or true event based movie. Just third class bollywood stuffs and demeaning hindu beliefs. In this movie the the director pushed Islam towards the viewers in a very tricky way. Moral-less its a huge disappointment. Mission mangal story : - A team of Indian scientists at ISRO take on the extraordinary task of successfully sending a satellite into
the orbit of planet Mars in a country's maiden attempt.<br/><br/>A dream doesn't become reality through magic , it takes sweat, determination and hard work to make it come true.
That's what Indian scientists at ISRO have gone through for the past five decades, leaving behind their personal lives,
making their families second priority and propelling themselves into a pursuit of scientific achievement.
One of the glorious chapters in their success story was the 2014 Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), more popularly called the Mangalyaan Mission.<br/><br/>'Mission Mangal ' is a film that dramatises and recreates this glorious chapter in indian history.
Under the vision of creative director R Balki and an average execution by film maker Jagan Shakti, 'Mission Mangal ' makes good with its emotional highs and drama.
This story does make you believe that dreams do come true.
A solid film that needs to be watched all together only in the cinemas. Wonderful movie I have ever seen this. This movie is all about mission mangal graha which is executed in 2012. This mission is all about to go to mars by ISRO(Indian space researrch organisation, first time by India.At a single chance India gone to mars and make the mission successful. A complete package this movie, not only offers entertainment but lot to learn and take away through out the movie like:
Patience & courage if you really believe in your project<br/><br/>You dont need to complicate things unnecessarily when there are far better and simple solutions<br/><br/>One can make themselves heard not by screaming and shouting but by knowledge and perseverance<br/><br/>Just coz you are a scientist doesn't mean you need to show off, be a human first<br/><br/>Using your skills in your daily life is as important as professional, you can make life easier for not just your own self but for people around you<br/><br/>No use in us fighting on religion, we are one no matter what where and when.<br/><br/>How to be a right boss<br/><br/>List is just endless...well doen to the whole team and teaching us such important lesson, great move.. India's first interplanetary mission, the Mangalyaan launch of 2013 was a triumph and made us the fourth space agency in the world to reach Mars. The facts are stupendous, but director Jagan Shakti decides to go fast and fictional, creating an underdog story that - while often likeable - plays out like a fable.
Drawing on the positivity of that famous photo, Mission Mangal's story is told through a fictional mission director named Rakesh Dhawan (Akshay Kumar) and his largely female team headed by project director Tara Shinde (Vidya Balan). Experts will tell us whether Jagan Shakti & Co are anywhere near accurate in their detailed description of the processes that went into making Mangalyaan successful. If it turns out that they are even somewhat so, then the first area where the film scores is the manner in which it breaks scientific complexities down into simple language for the layperson and recounts it like a mystery story for teenagers. To keep a narrative light while peppering dialogues with words like "perigee" is an achievement, and a hat tip to Shakti for that.
This movie Shows that as a developing nation India can give hard competition to the first world nation in the field of Space Science. Not a very bad movie. I have enjoyed it a lot. Bidya Balan you rock and of course Akshay is super. Shocked to see Askhay allowing such a psuedo secularism ruining the original ISRO story.
Loads of usual Bollywood trash stereotypes in recent times.
1) Showing Hindus as traditional stone-age people and regressive via various scenes (Ironically the most progressive religion)
2) Forcing the idea of Hindu family moving towards Islamic adoption as the way of life to sell tickets. Totally unrelated to story
3) Forcing traditional ISRO women to drink alcohol to push the psuedo progressive feminism narrative!
4) Showing Brahmin as disliking India. Ridiculous stereotype!<br/><br/>All this sadly masks the truth of the predominantly Hindu traditional ISRO women who made whole of India proud. The movie is a combination of cringeworthy dialogues, long 'patriotic' speeches, unbearable melodrama, and almost no substance. The movie had an amazingly talented cast. They just wasted the talents of the cast. The film becomes too boring at times. Also, while trying to simplify rocket science, the film makes the audience look like idiots who doesn't understand anything. It's quite insulting, frankly. The person who wrote the dialogues should just quit his/her job. This was a really good topic to make a film on. They just ruined it. It's an feel good movie, nothing more. Those who expect logic and sense as it being filmed on ISRO mars mission will definitely be disappointed.
A full popcorn entertainment masala film. We can categories Akshay Kumar starring Mission Mangal in science fiction category, but this fiction is a reality. I was in 9th standard when I first read about MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission).As an Indian I wished to go about it. Now, many years later this movie based on MOM feeds my curiosity.<br/><br/>Akshay has proven himself in patriotic feel good films. However Mission Mangal covers a huge support cast includes Vidya Balan, Tapsee Pannu, Sonakshi Sinha, Sharman Joshi, Sanjay Kapoor and some others.<br/><br/>Camera starts with the failed launch of GSLV-F06 on 25 December 2010, due to a small mistake by Project Director Tara Shinde(Vidya Balan),Rakesh Dhawan(Akshay Kumar) a fellow scientist working with her, takes the blame for her. As a result, he is relocated as project head on Mangalyaan as punishment. The MoM (Mars Orbiter Mission) is thought of as an impossible mission by their coworkers due its aim of reaching Mars with its tight budget. Here except Rakesh and Tara everyone is naive whether it is new driving license applicant Kritika (Tapsee Pannu) or Parmeshwar Naidu (Sharman Joshi) who believes in kundli.Sonakshi,Nitya,Kirti Kulhari and H.G Dattatreya have also played the part of this unexperienced team.Dilip Tahil essayed as a villain who demotivates the team.<br/><br/>How our ISRO team made possible the impossible in limited budget of 400 crores in contrast of America and China's 5000 crores project is watchable.<br/><br/>Mission Mangal can't be quote as only an Akshay's film because Vidya Balan gives him a tough competition. She portrayed a perfect lady who manages the home science and space science together.Sanjay Kapoor played the roll of Vidya's husband. It's good to see him dancing on his own song 'Ankhaniyan Milaye'.Sharman as Parmeshwar gave some lighter moments. Other actors receive the tag of average. Every character has its own significance but it is Akshay who assembles everyone.<br/><br/>Director Jagan Shakti points camera towards Tara's family after every 10 Minutes which stretches the length of movie. Whereas no back story for Rakesh which upsets. The simplification of rocket science is interesting which brings film close to every class of audience. Song 'Dil mein mars' is full of enthusiasm.CGI is good and screenplay covers many pleasant innovative life hacks. Jagan Shakti has made his debut with a good topic.<br/><br/>Overwhelming, Mission Mangal celebrates the victory of Indian Space Science. It narrates the story of success after failure and inspires millions of people. One time watchers will not upset on this scientific journey. Mission Mangal is a space drama movie directed by Jagan Shakti and stars Akshay Kumar, Vidya Balan, Sonakshi Sinha, Taapsee Pannu, Kirti Kulhari, Nithya Menen, Sharman Joshi, H.G. Dattatreya, Vikram Gokhale, Sanjay Kapoor and Dalip Tahil in the leads.<br/><br/>Now this movie should be called as drama because it's nowhere close to science. Bollywood is known to spoil good movie plots and this is not an exception.<br/><br/>As far as acting is concerned Akshay Kumar and Vidya Balan were good in their roles, for Sonakshi Sinha it's now high time for her to retire and do something in which she is good because acting is not her cup of tea. Taapsee Pannu was trying her hard and her acting is ok, Sharman Joshi had faced the camera after a long time and we can sense from his expressions, Nithya Menen and Kirti Kulhari were good, H.G. Dattatreya and Dalip Tahil were over in most of the scenes. Vikram Gokhale is a talented actor who was good with his limited screen space and the great Sanjay Kapoor thanks he had left acting long back.<br/><br/>Now the plot, the movie was mainly focusing on the personal life of the characters instead of sticking it's main subject The Mars Mission. One character is trying to make a coordination between her work and family with her husband always taunting her to leave the job and concentrate on kids because as per him the kids are going out of control and only she is responsible for kids. Another character is not able to find a rented accommodation as she is a Muslim and also she is also broke due to her divorce, one character has to go pregnant because her mother in law was taunting and also they have to promote an IVF hospital. One is working in ISRO to get some experience to go to NASA and yes she is a strong woman because she smokes and changes boy friends like seasons because the definition of a strong woman in Bollywood is a girl who smokes and dumps their boyfriends is a strong woman and who is divorced by her husband is weak. One character who believes in running behind astrologers and is dying to get married why because he is still a virgin and is desperate to loose his virginity. And off course you can't make a Bollywood movie without a villain who will always try to let you down by taunting.<br/><br/>Looking like a family drama and yes in this crap they unsuccessfully tried to put the proudest and prestigious mars mission, now I wonder why we never reach to Oscars, the director should have seen movies like Apollo 13, The Martian to get some sense how to make a space movie.<br/><br/>I feel so pity on our great ISRO scientist whose hard work and labour is been destroyed by this garbage.<br/><br/>Overall please do not watch this movie with any expectations regarding mars mission as it is no where close to the real content. Its a true based story and these bollywood stars make it fun like songs and dancing by scientist like seriously? Watched the hollywood movies on space how it works. They turned science into home science and joke. WTF
Don't watch. There's no touch of reality here Totally disappointed with the movie. The movie story got many things to be told but the director fail to show it in the screen. It has lot of potential but at the end it's nothing but masala movie The way they find out how we can cook using less fuel i.e when the oil is hot turn off gas and when it cools turn on same..
Applying the same giving fire on peregee and using gravitational force again to come back..<br/><br/>Experimenting the same with a yoyo..<br/><br/>The theme is good and well directed..<br/><br/>All the actors are popular and have done well in their roles Why ISRO allowed such stupidity? Most bogus movie of the year. Not even a bit of the excellence that ISRO possessed got reflected in the story. Let the truth be truth. When there was no muslim in the team what was the need to add one in the movie. The best part of the film was the End Credit scene showing the actual photos of the ISRO scientists involved in the Mars Mission and a part of Narendra Modi's speech. The rest of the film is full of same Bollywood melodrama, annoying songs and rubbishness from the production team. Again a great plot goes in vain. As I'm electronics student so I know very well recruitment process in ISRO perhaps celebrities don't know..but they made ISRO employees like working in call center and no one is interested in mission accept Hero (i.e padman) know very well..
# rated 2 because of actual mission of ISRO not for the movie .. Bollywood can't make sci-fi and space movies. The movie doesn't tells you much about the mars mission because its busy showing the daily life of the characters. Why is Vidya Balan's life included in this film so much and why are we seeing love tension between sonakshi sinha and sharman joshi and why are we seeing tapsee pannu grabbing her driving instructor when this movie was supposed to be 'mission mangal'?.This film was a total insult to ISRO and Bollywood should have taken some inspiration from Apollo 13,Interstellar and The Martian. Ridiculous. Great scientists coming up with space innovations while making paratha. Why? Why was it important to roll this out so quickly? Why would you ruin such a beautiful background? There is little or no script. There is no science from a science based film. It is unrealistic that a space agency has only ten or twenty people working at a time. Could not you hire a few more extras? Please doing ruin the careers of great actors for political reasons. As i said it s a one time watch not bad not that amazing it's good movie its nithing like you haven't seen yet while watching movie you will feel that proud that our country is doing well in this film but subplots are not that well written. Overall movie is good.... This movie is just so so over the top. I expected slight commercialization of this extraordinary feat achieved by ISRO scientists( because bollywoodðŸ˜‘) but it turned out be such a dim witted and useless drama-charged film that i really regret wasting my time.
The direction(or lack of it) is so pathetic, it is shown as if the satellite landing on mars was a culmination of god's wishes...and that the ISRO scientists did little for the same. No, no they werent idle. They were dancing, cooking puris, doing some weird calculations on tech that probably they have invented and switching off and then switching on the entire bloody interface to re establish connection. Are you serious???
This movie had a lot of potential to be both an entertainer and simultaneously provide important insights into the think tank behind such an endeveaur. But alas, bollywood knows that this movie will rake in a lot of moolah....so why bother researching and actually putting in effort?? Encash the illiterateness, patriotism of the common masses and warm their asses on the money they will make. I am a woman scientist and have worked at BARC and at US national labs. Mangalyaan is a great mission carried out by ISRO on a shoestring budget and mind you in many of Indian labs conditions are same. And yet what they achieve is commendable. On the other side here is a commercial masala movie showing nothing of it. Absolutely disappointed!! Also movie is outright hinduphobic just to overshadow the effort of many prominently Hindu scientists involved. Perhaps director and leftist Bollywood want to pass their leftist agenda as usual. The story of this movie so much boring. I wasted my time seeing this movie. Come on, this is rocket science. It isn't as simple as home science. There's science involved in the building of a rocket and a satellite. This can't be done without scientists using science. Very pathetic movie...worst acting of Akshay...weak screenplay & direction... A very good movie ruined by its music, terrible BGM, how on earth someone can compose BGM Like this is it comedy movie or what. And some of the commercial elements really ruin the momentum. Apart from that it's a very good movie with lots of strong dialogues The only good thing about me watching this film is that I didn't watch it in the theater nor on Hotstar. So I could breathe a sigh of relief. As for the film, there's 'Hidden Figures' and then there is this 'poori' (Though that's an insult to poori). What's with romantic angles, running around in the ISRO office, down-siding husbands and men, bringing muslims as neglected, bechare people, minister himself shaming ISRO (Have you seen how Modi reacted when the recent Chandrayaan 2 partially failed?), everyone in media talking negatively, what is this? I understand Bollywood wanting to shame politicians and media but encouraging nepotism and rapidly hormone vibrating celebrity kids but there are many politicians and media people who just do their jobs. Story wise the team has people who are already down and sadistic and are sure that the
MOM won't succeed. Vidya is given the motherly role. At least they could have made Dattatreya talk in Kannada and make it genuine. Kudos to Kirti Kulhari. She acts really better than any actress or actor in the film. in the film. Apart from her, everyone was horrible. Taapsee is OK.<br/><br/>Thank god for the art team, they HAD to get a KA numbered vehicle, Kannada boards here and there or else these Bollywood craps know only about Kerala, Chennai, Hyderabad and would act like a North Indian. The people are all talking in Hindi. Eno Idella? They would have even become Rohit Shetty and shoot throughout South India and show it as Chennai. Such shameless people. They tried to recreate the Chak De McDonalds scene but what a shameful moment that was.<br/><br/>The VFX was a joke. At least spend on the VFX, it's not like you are spending on the real deal. ISRO does that best. You people spend on the VFX, idiots. The songs! OMG! The 'Dil pe mars hai' song literally made me cry. Depressing. The 2 hours 10 minutes film could have been brought down to 20 minutes. One of the characters is gets pregnant and we don't see the baby bump but within a few seconds of background score, mind you not even a song, she gives birth to a baby without any scenes of a baby bump. Definitely the production house had no budget. The story is so convenient. Every time there is a problem, one of the team members sees something somewhere and VOILA! They have a clue and everything turns out fine AND they have the audacity to call this 'Based on a True Story'. If the writers had said to each other 'Mission Abort' they would have saved a ton of money.<br/><br/>And please, don't try to revive Sanjay kapoor's career. It is as straight as Karan Johar. Bollywood is only behind religion, love etc... they need to grow up quickly. They are still stuck in mocking religious practices. Do proper research on science instead of rushing to make money. They have embraced ISRO and its scientists. Space based movies are a rarity in Bollywood or Indian cinema as a whole! It's a complex subject matter that requires great lengths of writing and execution brilliance! That is so tough to master!<br/><br/>Here the makers done a brilliant job. They tried to bring ISRO's achievements and our country's pride in an entertaining mixture rather than making it too complex to understand.<br/><br/>Right amount of One liners, laughters, inspirational moments and some scientific explorations described in a so simple way that even a child could easily relate and connect to the story!<br/><br/>Performances were brilliant, Vidya Balan just stole the limelight here and being with Someone like Akshay Kumar who single handedly carried many films on his shoulders before. The complement of Vidya overshadowing Akshay is not a mere thing!
Other cast members though had little much to do they played their respective parts pretty well!<br/><br/>About the negatives there are two, Some unnecessary scenes added that didn't matter much to the main plot and some over dramatic moments that simply didn't fit well!<br/><br/>Overall it's a great movie, with lots of inspiration, Desires, Dreams! A brilliant sound score alongside an Entertaining script! And by the end We all feel proud of our nation! And that does matter! One of the greatest movies in sciences that have so much fun sadness , happiness & shows that how make real your dreams.
Hats off to entire cast
ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜Š Awesome movie. Highly underrated due to lack of Bollywood commercial elements. One is the worst third grade movie...it spoiled name of organization like ISRO Disappointed to see Balki's associated with such stupid storyline
Looks like they wanted to play safe, make it more melodramatic , add comedy elements , family sentiments, mom sentiments , there is even a Saas -Bahu element, everything to make it a safe bet. They should simply made a Mega Serial about anything instead of this movie associated with India's biggest achievement.
They should not have touched the ISRO subject, its an insult.
There is probably only 20% story around the actual mission, rest is all family drama.<br/><br/>While the movie is enjoyable for most parts , it is not certainly not at all inspirational what you expect from such movies.<br/><br/>The worst part is the kind of unscientific logic they keep applying to solve their problems is an insult to the all scientists who worked on the mission. There is an scene where communication is not working & everyone is wondering whats the problem. Thats when the expert Tapsee does a hard reboot of power for the whole plant & communications gets established. Are we still in the "restart will solve the problem" mode yet. As a movie it is fun watching it. But as a biopic it is insult of our scientists and ISRO. Good movie but Akshay and Sonakshi as done totally over acting.. This was a movie with so much potential. It had a great cast and is based on an epic achievement by the scientists at ISRO. From what I have read, the critical milestones of the project that it has captured are true and I like the way they have been simplified in a non technical way for the audience. The production value was good and scenes showing the rocket launch and satellite's journey were really good for a Bollywood movie.<br/><br/>Where the movie fails probably is in the bollywood style narrative. Every female character has a challenge balancing work and life, (the male only has one problem that he is a virgin), unnecessary motivational drama around funding, bringing together a motley crew and motivating them to strive towards a common goal (as if it was a sports film) and these scientists have to clean and paint their office themselves etc. Too many things in the movie that makes an appeals to our Indianess.<br/><br/>Vidya Balan's character is good with some interesting dialogues, other support decently but probably Akshay Kumar was not really convincing. There wasn't an effort to create a character for him. It was simply Akshay Kumar leading the MOM project on screen. Coming from Amit Trivedi, the music was okish. It has become a trend to add a tadka of nationalism and exploit the emotions of masses in India. It is one of the highest grossing movie of 2019.<br/><br/>Just watched this emotional money minting exercise with the tadka of nationalism which released couple of weeks before Chandrayan.<br/><br/>Instead of continuous focus of making this a scientific saga and putting more efforts in that department so it could become a true space adventure movie of prestigious ISRO, the director focused more on high dose of emotions, personal life, nationalism.<br/><br/>But, what can be expected nowadays when India is driven this way rather than logic, reasoning and rationalism in reality as well. It is not possible to watch this film for its entire run time. At least in one go. However, if you are watching it on an online streaming platform, you are in luck, for the movie can be fast forwarded. I watched the 2 hr and 10 minutes worth of film in around 30 minutes and I am grateful to the director for making a movie that can be watched like this without missing anything indispensable to connecting the dots.<br/><br/>There are some funny moments in the films. I must admit and all said and done one does get some information on India's the mars mission in an entertaining way.<br/><br/>But there is too much tomfoolery going around. Nothing is left to imagination as each reference has to be accompanied by a visual. As expected the movie is replete with nationalistic messaging and religious references too. True to the times , there is a very strong emphasis on highlighting the power of women.<br/><br/>The set and art design are unmistakable copies of those in Hollywood movies. Even the logos of the Indian Space organisation is modeled as such.<br/><br/>The special effects range from average to below to terrible.<br/><br/>I did not watch any song so cannot comment on the quality of the music.<br/><br/>As far the cast is concerned there is nothing great about heir performances. They all do a passable job that is in line with the overall quality of the movie.<br/><br/>The movie can be avoided and if you choose not to watch it on fast forward. However, to be sure, the Indian Mars mission is something worth reading about for unlike this movie, it was a spectacular achievement. Though movie is good but its not up to the mark as it was believed to be. Mission mangal is a movie which is based on the iconic and incredible mission by ISRO to send a satellite on Mars. While the real story is very inspiring and intriguing the film is a lame attempt and is artificial in its presentation.<br/><br/>It sounds more like a parody and less like an actual serious movie. The storyline makes no sense. The film consists of 30 minutes of actual mission and rest 100 minutes of goofing, dancing, cringe and pointless scenes. In one scene, Akshay Kumar fakes talking to A.P.J Abdul Kalam and frankly speaking, it is one of the cringiest scene I have witnessed in my recent memory. Also in another scene he talks how science is equal to home science for women and the scene is painful to witness. The film is based on a real story but the presentation dilutes everything thats real about it. ISRO scientists are seen dancing in one scene and then arguing in another. Character development is as strong as a twig. Also the motivation of antagonist makes no sense at all.<br/><br/>It's a film about actual science but everything is sci-fi here. During the launch of the mission, sky suddenly becomes clear. I mean seriously, when was the last you saw sky suddenly becoming so clear after such an intense weather.
In another scene when the crew loses the contact from the satellite, one scientist just restarts the power and the connection gets back. I mean is this how science works? We are talking about satellite in outer space, not about a mobile phone which will start running aptly after switching it off and on. Suspension of disbelief is one thing, but this is on an entirely different level.<br/><br/>I have heard that space science needs precision. Even a second of delay can be fatal, still in the last scene we see that that the delay of nearly 7 minutes is handled casually. The makers have made a joke of the science.<br/><br/>Acting department is full of capable actors but all gets wasted due to over-the-top presentation and poor script. Vidya Balan is still hung over Tumhari Sulu while Akshay Kumar is playing the same character and delivering dialogue in same tone for last 5 years. Rest of the cast is bad as well.<br/><br/>This according to me is one of the worst directed movie of the year. The directed put everything in this movie except sense. Also the overtly sentimental tone of the film doesn't work either. There is also a forced message of women empowerment, which comes out as a complete debacle. The runtime is too long. Visuals are jarring.<br/><br/>All in all, the mission was a success but this film is a failure on almost every front. Avoid it, if you can! Three words to describe this movie Nonsense Nonsense and nonsense This is shot like a comedy movie based on a hobby club! Casual acting with some idiotic logics to build the Mars mission undermines the actual effort of ISRO. Looks like a spoof movie. The success of India's virgin mission to Mars was a crowning achievement for the country. This movie represents the opposite spectrum of human effort, an absolute garbage dump. Poor direction, poor acting, characters that are so far removed from reality that they feel like props from a B-movie. The movie-maker clearly lacked the intellectual depth to capture this monumental effort by the cream of India's scientific community. Saddest part was that Mr. Shakti got the ever-dependable Akshay Kumar to act poor. I mostly don't like to write reviews but watching this senseless and baseless movie (buffoonery) made me to come here. This movie is nothing more than parody. By the name of creative liberty you cannot show garbage. After watching this 2 and half hour torture i really feel director's and writer's of this movie should have to go back and learn ABCD of film making. After all the hype, I was really thrilled to see the title on Hotstar. Frankly, it was a lost opportunity...mediocre acting (everyone including Akshay and Vidya - they couldn't do much- the script and direction to blame )<br/><br/>The story of challenges that ISRO faced or the scientists faced is lost in a stupid melodramatic script , bad music and to top it all a dance sequence by scientists in true bollywood Ishtyle!!!...<br/><br/>Why do directors feel that multiplex movies like Mission Mangal needs to succumb to petty and thoughtless masala??? In the end, I didn't come away with anything after watching this film. Yes, ISRO did a commendable job sending the Orbiter to Mars - but that one can get in better detail through the Nat Geo documentary... This is just another feature film from the industry and nothing related to anything what ISRO did and what the people were proud about. The audacity of the makers is so apparent that they have played with audience's mind with mediocre script and irrelevant story line. This is a blatent "direction" failure. Too heavy star cast mostly wasted. I think most importantly this wasted a solid nation influencing topic. Too many things went wrong 1) such a ridicule of scientific efforts, wish there was a little bit more research and truthful quotes on the job type. 2) movie had a solid and heavy star cast, totally unused ! Sharman , Tapsee and Akshay had ridiculous roles to be precise depicted as ridicules scientists. Clearly Akshay as a hero had zero contribution in the movie :) BTW that table jumping scene and singing songs during serious discussions was absolutely low graded attempt of humor considering the context of the movie, Akki looks super desperate ! 3) such poor quality of graphics used to show the orbiter and sound effect. The movie depicts one of the India's biggest achievements and we could not afford better graphics and sound show.<br/><br/>Overall good topic wasted, and wasted star cast. It's one of the best movie which showcase the Indian hands in the world. The complete 2 hour is really inspirational without any lag or bore. Some graphical issues are clearly notable other than every field was too good. Akshay Kumar again with his awesome skill but vidya balan is little bit ahead of him in this movie. Weird characters who are nearly caricatures (like the guy from NASA or some politicians), stupid examples, too many personal side stories take away the intelligence out of the movie.<br/><br/>It's disheartening how such an motivational story which deserved much more gets such a shoddy treatment especially when made by R Balki. In a sentence it's a good "one time see" film. The plot of this film is such a herroic event that deserves some more intense & dramatic portrayal of the mission. Also the lead cast Akshay Kumar was not good fit in the movie. Director couldn't make his appearence like a devoted scientist at all! Too much childish bollywood drama and precious little material. Some characters had potential, some decent acting, but wasted opportunity. Mission Mangal is reminiscent of most of Akshay Kumar's well-meaning social issue movies; perfectly nice and watchable, but tinged with a slight regret that more could have been done with such an interesting theme. What could have been an ambitious effort in the right hands, a stab at posterity, instead turns into a decent enough, yet not wholly memorable experience. This falls right in line with other attempts by Akshay Kumar such as Toilet-Ek Prem Katha and Padman.<br/><br/>The movie starts off with a look at a failed launch of a lunar probe, for which the head of the project, Kumar's Dhawan, takes the fall though the primary misjudgment lay with Vidya Balan's character. Banished to the outlands of the far from feasible (so they think) Mars mission, he is joined by a guilt-ridden Vidya Balan. They are joined by a team of mostly inexperienced ISRO members, each of whom have their own arcs. Most of this is believable. For example, Nitya Menen plays a character who worries about getting to look like an 'aloo', while desperately wishing for a child with her husband. Tapsee plays a woman wanting to learn driving in order to become more independent. There is an older member of the team who is just counting the days till retirement. Apart from these, there are some standard tropes which a movie usually introduces to show that it is also 'topical'. Kriti Kulhari plays a Muslim divorcee who finds it tough to get rental accommodations, while Sonakshi Sinha is the typical 'modern' woman who sleeps around and prefers to work for NASA than ISRO. Sharman Joshi, in a relevant film after a while, plays a bachelor hoping for his kundli to match for marriage rather than for a successful Mangal mission.<br/><br/>But it's really Vidya Balan's character, as mostly happens in a film starring her, who steals the thunder here. Her Tara Shinde is, at the outset, the typical Indian working mom. She takes care of most of the household chores, has a mostly unsupportive and mildly chauvinistic husband, gets all the blame for kids going haywire and keeps a respectable job. But there is more steel to her than meets the eye. She is perfectly capable of standing up to her husband in a firm, yet gentle manner and keeping her kids on the straight and narrow when it's needed. In fact, the more I think of it, the more it seems it's her character which saved the movie from total mediocrity. And it's her idea of saving the fuel to make up for lesser funds which kickstarts the whole process. From then on the film mostly follows the standard underdog template, though they do a reasonably good job of dumbing down the science for us mere mortals to grasp the specifics.<br/><br/>There are some parts though where the film flounders in trying to conform to Bollywood tropes. Seeing the ladies with brooms trying to dance around was hugely not in tune with the rest of their characterizations. Also, did there really need to be such an obvious antagonist to Kumar's Dhawan in Dalip Tahil? But, as I said above, Akshay Kumar's movies do tend to reach more people than the average critic-friendly film. And if his attempts at social education does help important topics get more traction, maybe we should begrudge the effort but instead should praise it for what it does well. All in all, I would say this is a fine example of a family friendly social entertainer. Absolutely amazing story and a plot that has all elements of making of a great film. However, we just can't seem to come out of our song and dance routines. Who needs that in a film based on facts which are still fresh in people's mind. All the while watching the movie, all I could think was what a waste of a good story. Not sure who the target viewers here but surely it could have been so much better. What a waste of a great plot. Disappointed! Movie is no way near the actual incident just
Some lame attempt by Bollywood to make money.
At least have some realistic actor to make justice to this historic moment which was showed as some pathetic Bollywood drama MM is a OK movie to watch. But sorry to say, as a movie depicting India's historic Mars mission, 'Mission Mangal' is a total failure. The movie incorporates silly Bollywood comedies & fun elements, thereby simplifies the real struggles and in-depth research needed in a highly complicated space mission. Felt silly about many of the technical stuff illustrated in 'MM' - "Puri making turn on/off concept" , "Shut down and restart" are some of them. Apollo 13 (based on true incident), The Martian (not based on real event) are some of the good examples of how 'MM' should have been made. A movie with emotions and not for science lovers, not more to see if you are looking for a hardcore space science. Mission Mangal makes me feel more proud of our Space Scientists at ISRO! Thank you R Balki for writing a film script on our Mars mission!<br/><br/>I just love films based on real life events and issues! The Hindi film industry & the audience have become more mature now to make and see such thought-provoking films.<br/><br/>What a sharp contrast to the cheap, films of the 1980s and 1990s!<br/><br/>Pros of Mission Mangal<br/><br/>====================<br/><br/>1. Showcasing the mission of our Space Scientists to conquer the world beyond Earth!<br/><br/>2. We Indians are popular for our "juggad" mind-set! This was reflected in our Space Scientists too who used clever technology to use fewer resources, cut down on cost, and reduce sizes while still aiming for the Skies and beyond. Wow!<br/><br/>3. I loved listening to the analogy of 1983 Cricket World Cup we won, to drive home the point that nothing is Impossible!<br/><br/>4. I also felt proud that we've so many Lady Scientists at ISRO! What men can do so can the ladies (may be with a few exceptions)!<br/><br/>5. The special effects were good but in some scenes the rocket Fire looked artificial.<br/><br/>Cons of Mission Mangal<br/><br/>====================<br/><br/>1. What was the need to show our scientists breaking out into a song and dance while decorating their new Lab? Ridiculous! It seems Indian film-makers have still not grown out of the "cheap melodrama" that dominated our film world (and still dominates)!<br/><br/>I'd have appreciated had the story been presented in a realistic manner.<br/><br/>2. In one scene, a house owner did not rent his house to one of the scientists, Neha Siddique (played by Kirti Kulhari), because she was a Muslim. Can't understand why this has to be shown? Why?<br/><br/>3. Why depict the totally irritating character played by Sanjay Kapoor? To induce some laughter? Can't the director think of something better?<br/><br/>4. These Hindu rituals that precede/follow Scientific projects is totally bakwass and goes against Scientific bent of mind! Being a Scientist and a Theist is nothing but an abominable "intellectual contradiction"!<br/><br/>5. The acting was very "filmy" and irritating!<br/><br/>A film of this kind, had it been made in Hollywood, would've been made with all seriousness, devoid of the "emotional" features which is so common in Indian movies. Nevertheless, I liked Mission Mangal but would have liked it more had it been devoid of those 5 Cons. Saturated and entertaining.Enjoyed with family.Proper and justified. role for each and everyone. It's a beautiful movie and must watch movie. It has everything in it.😍😍😍 Substandard script and mis-representation of facts. Acting isnt that great either and at times looks forced. Take the nationalism in this movie with a pinch of salt. Better read a book about India's Mars orbiter mission than watch this movie Watch minimum one time movie MST hai IT'S A MEANINGFULLL AND AWESOME MOVIE MUST WATCH IN CINEMA Unimpressive.......I think that's the word which should be fit-in inside this Mangalyaan. A real science project and a huge achievement by ISRO scientists have been dealt like child's play here. There may be quite some motives behind this project (film)-debutante director's mission to become the Indian Spielberg, Akshay Kumar's mission to become Modiji's 'Prachaar Maadhyam' once again and last but not the least their final mission to spreading propaganda. But we could ignore all of the above only if the makers were able to treat this movie better. But again, they were must be in some sort of hurry as 24th September is not very far I guess!!! Also they had/have a great PM (Prachaar Maadhyam) with them. So how could they miss this opportunity!!! So even if with the whole preparation especially of the satellite looked like furniture making and so many other funny artifacts especially that "switch off/re-start" moment, poor VFX and Akshay's poor performance as he was hopelessly miscast as the mad scientist unlike in 2.0 where he was marvellous this mission ultimately falls flat. Though Vidya Balan tried her level best but still this Mangalyaan fails to catch the orbit of the audience for sure. I had to give full rating for the way story telling is done here. Complex rocket science has been explained with simple concepts which even a 2 year old can understand.<br/><br/>Actors have done there jobs as expected. Nothing more nothing less. May be Akshay can do better job.<br/><br/>Some scenes, restarting system, broming song, train fighting and few more unnecessary scenes distracted me from enjoying the landmark achievement and let me down.<br/><br/>What could have made more interesting is, explain how calculating trajectory or speed of rocket is calculated or something to show how it is difficult it was for scientists.<br/><br/>But its still one of the best movie to introduce space to Indian children and to our commercial audience. Do not go for negative reviews,
Yes,there was a bit drama and comedy just for the audience to be entertained,the message was clearly delivered by the director,the struggle,the achievement
Overall a Brilliant movie.
Well done all the cast I watched this movie due to all the positive feedback it was getting.<br/><br/>After watching the movie I realised that all the people that were positive must have been patriots, high on independence sentiments or just were solid fans of the Indian space agency.<br/><br/>I did think about what to write as I didn't want to give the story away, then I realised that there is nothing in the story to give away.<br/><br/>To summarise the movie, real bad acting by actually good actors, the movie seemed rushed, the movie simplified science and made it into a joke. To conclude it just didn't work for me. I have to watch Sanjay Kapoor's dance in the name of MissionMangal! I can't believe it. And I really don't deserve it. Unbelievable torture. Don't waste your money to this crap movie it's too boring movie only Vidya balan is good in the movie that's it ISRO Rocks!! First of all hats off to scientists.<br/><br/>Positives -
-25 minute CLIMAX which is one of the best in the Indian cinema history.
-First Bollywood movie centrally based on space.
-In a very simple way the key notes of launching a satellite and its path and
trajectory were explained.
-Very nice tribute to APJ Abdul Kalam sir and the real ISRO scientists. Icing on
the cake was PM Narendra Modi's real speech cutting in the end.
<ul><li>Vidya Balan and Akshay Kumar's chemistry and passion.</li><li>The scene where each scientist was taken back to the inception of their dream</li></ul>to become a scientist.
<ul><li>Realistic and controlled performances.(Vidya, Akshay, Vikram Gokhale)</li><li>Some of the humor really worked.(Akshay, Sharman and Dattana's)</li><li>A very good debut from the director Jagan Shakti.</li></ul><br/><br/>Negatives:
<ul><li>Sub plot of Vidya's son.</li><li>Metro sequence.</li><li>Dance Bar sequence.(However Akhiya Milau was an enjoyable fare)</li><li>Film sometimes went off track and scenes which are not related to main</li></ul>story line were shown.
<ul><li>References of virginity and some similar stuffs could have been avoided as</li></ul>nothing was related here.<br/><br/>But when the movie ends there is nothing but proud moments, hard work and inspirations. The climax is so effective that all the minus points of the film are overshadowed.<br/><br/>Among the actors those who impressed were Vidya, Akshay, Dattana, Dilip Tahil, Vikram Gokhale, Nitya, Sharman and Sanjay Kapoor in small role.<br/><br/>Overall - 7.5/10 Akshay Kumar & Vidya Balan are the soul of the movie, Sharman Joshi brought a laugh & good acting to the team of mostly women.Dattana, Nitya,Tapasee too shine in this mission mars, it is made with keeping in mind the Indian Audience & commercial element to it, it's not a science - fiction film, it's an film of belief , sacrifice & their goal as a whole. I think this is one of the best movie of bollywood.Akshay kumar and team done great job👍👍 Mission Mangal starring Akshay Kumar is having Patriotism, science,home sceince, acting till some extent and everything you want in an entertainer. But as a space film it lacks detailing, proper guidance and adversity to look at things scientifically. The film goes on and on about home sceince and family. The characters are properly balanced, Akshay And Vidya outperform everyone else. What's disappointing is Sharman Joshi ofcourse in an needless role which is there to provide a man company into womens zone. The music is not much in place. The background score is good, but the film wins on VFX effects, it has some great visuals and feel-good emotions towards the nation. What's not right in place is the humor which feels overblown at some parts. The film on the whole is great watch, thanks to some quirky dialogues, some well written jokes would have landed but on the whole its basic stuff. The VFX and two central performances of Akshay Kumar And Vidya Balan and a thumping climax Lead Mission Mangal To a must-watch. Most of the feed backs received after watching the movie were that it was insulting tribute to our scientists. Let it stay with the scientists to decide. The other fact that I would like to highlight is the activities of scientist. It is shown they are newly introduced where in general they are pre-defined. I defend the movie on the fact that these were the reason that made the movie informative and entertaining.<br/><br/>It highlights the positives like the leadership of APJ Abdul Kalam and successful workout in a mere budget.<br/><br/>As per my opinion the movie is underrated on IMDb but there is something nice and that is, it is highly successful commercially.<br/><br/>Final Verdict: It is a family entertainer makes you feel pride for being an Indian. Total bakwass movie time kharab Chutiya apa 300rs gay pani me The movie is not as expected... really bad movie ... it seems patriotism is on sale nowadays Dont go with negative attitude and hollywood in the back of your mind. You will enjoy the movie, except may be not the song. Watched the movie today. Story outline was good, acting was enjoyable also. Akshay, Vidya did the best on their character. Length of the story was little on higher side. Song specially to clean the Mangal Mission Lab was not at all required. However, feel good factor is there & definitely we will be proud for ISRO which is main USP of this movie. This movie should be named something else but not mission mangal.
No details are there for us
They tried to make the 90% of movie with some silly jokes and some so called funny scenes.
Total waste Being real life technical event, should be focused on technical aspects of the mission rather than personal life of scientists and bollywood masala. 5 ISRO lady scientists r expected to execute #MissionMangal. Lady 1 has teenage kids who love to rebel. Lady 2 is unable to rent a flat because of her muslim surname. Lady 3 is struggling to have a baby. Lady 4 is a navigation expert but shes unable to pass her driving test. Lady 5 is unhappy with her job n is desperate to join NASA. Despite these hiccups, they work together n succeed. Wonder what akshay kumar is doing in the film, since the ladies, by themselves, r definitely talented n motivated. Once again, vidya balan proves that shes the best in the business. Running time should be reduced by 20 minutes. Rating 2.5/5. Usually every body won't understand the Space and scientific details. To boost the role of scientists their personal life is added with all possible palatable smartness. Adult girl living freely, muslim woman divorcee surviving, a solders wife ", A manglik boy searching a lady , a near retiring old man, woman struggling with a first most wanted pregnancy,devoted scientist Axay some thing from "Space Mom Indi House wife, by Vidya are "ANMOL Ratnas" . Problems of making them as a wonderful team is nicely managed though little melodramatically, It's OK. As the basic intense Idea of delivering such a world wide feat with blossoming new Ideas and scientific creativity is really a true story one must be proud to feel it. It's not exaggeration but a true story wonderfully decorated with some real comic humanising daily routine of all Babu's every day life !
From average to high class commitment ,struggle and success is achieved by the possible creative resources. My God it's a true story !
We did the sending a satalite in mars orbit for study ! By maneuvering our limited resources to an un believable crescendo tuning and a Success !
Those who are not appreciating these in films have not done that when our scientist surprised NASA and all Space Countries. The balance of a stiff technicality and numerous element blend nicely in film and they all produce a good social echo too. Just go to film and amusingly come out with head high and entertained.... Mission Mangal is a typical bollywood movie. Full of bollywood masala, not actually a bad movie, not a great movie either. I think why many are disliking the movie is because the makers have taken too much liberty in showing a true event which was one of the proudest moments of India. Yes, India was one of the few countries to reach mars the 1st to reach mars in Asia & 1st country to do it in just one attempt. I think apart from entertainment people also want to know what actually and exactly had happened during the whole mangalyaan mission for it to be successful. They have seen the age old bollywood masala in many other movies, I believe the makers could have avoided too many made-up, over the top scenes and had shown more reality and real research based story.<br/><br/>Though mission mangal is inspired from true and real events, it looks more fake than original. I think today's audience is much smarter and well aware of the kind of quality content which is being produced all across the world specially after the new content boom in India. Getting upset about taking too many liberties in original story is quite normal for us that too for a subject which is of national pride.<br/><br/>Well its not a crime to show things in an entertaining manner. I believe this is what the makers wanted to make and its their take on mission mangal. May be some other maker should try and re-make this or something similar and make a different point. All the anger of viewers is quite justified for over the top scenes and treatment. A horribly miscast movie where the work of Scientists over at ISRO is belittled in an astronomical way. Where the rivalry between two apparently top ranked Scientists never goes above SOTY levels. Where apart from the two main leads, no one looks or acts their part : Overly glamorized / dumbed-down characters and the audience is expected to believe they will take us to Mars ?<br/><br/>Where these "scientists" work themselves into a comic frenzy while travelling in a Metro ( something better fit for the next Golmaal movie ) , a scene which ends in one of them kicking out a guy with " Phod ke rakh dungi , teri maa ki......"<br/><br/>Well, unlike the popular saying, this actually IS ROcket-Science and although one can definitely get inspiration & ideas from trivial day-to-day happenings and apply those at the workplace , What this movie portrays is more like " Bhigoya - Dhoya - Ho Gaya ! "<br/><br/>A movie about ISRO Scientists and their achievements ought to have a bit more of Science and less of the Bollywood masala.<br/><br/>200 Crore seems easy for Mission Mass. I dnt regularly watch bollywood movies. But Mission Mangal was touted as a space science film and hence I got interested enough to take my whole family out to watch this movie.
Suffice to say, I am disappointed.
A science film should be just that, a science film that focuses its brains on story around the achievement and mixing it with trials and tribulations encountered on the project.
It shouldn't peddle a blatant communal agenda, which this film does.
There is also a hidden bias against men, by portraying them as opposed to women working long hours.
No such thing happened in reality. The movie is a poor characterization of what actually happened.
The fact that the movie doesn't explore India's ancient cultural obsession with space and how it has shaped our history and science today was also disappointing.
There is no real ode to aryabhatta or Vikram Sarabhai.
Disappointing film - 5/10 The movie does not show some real facts and make fun of National Tresures. No spoilers but ISRO scientists dance with brooms and fights thugs drunk in Train. Like Really man????? This is an amazing movie. Will shake your hairs. Watch it again and again. Cheers to our Isro team. It's a such a good movie and good direction and good acting by all the actors and actresses. Those people who said it's such a boring movie, i want to tell them it's not a comedy or not a action movie so pls don't manipulate the others with your badly reviews. Those who said they made them comedy and play with patriotism I want to tell them it's a movie not a 30min documentary!!! Go and watch again because I think you considered this as a documentary!!! This is great movie for all students and adults.
We can learn lot of things from this movie. Akshay Kumar as always was great along with Vidya Balance who was the main highlight of the film.Go and Watch Mission Mangal!!!! After watching Mission Mangal, I was utterly confused. I felt high during few scenes, but the manner in which the entire Mission to Mangal unfolds leaves me baffled. Is going to Mars so easy as depicted in the film? It looks like anyone can go to Mars.
My immediate reference point was the film "Hidden Figures". Please watch it to understand what I mean.<br/><br/>No doubt Akshya Kumar is giving continuous hit films and can be compared with the Jubilee Kumar "Rajendra Kumar" of yesteryear. And like Rajendra Kumar, Akshay Kumar's will be as forgettable as anything else. Original Review for Mission Mangal 😂😎 :<br/><br/>The film is based on spacecraft Mangalyaan which was launched successfully by ISRO on 5th November, 2013 and made India the first nation to reach Mars in its first and only attempt.
The film is a complete treat for everyone on the account of our 73rd Independence day and a sincere tribute to all the scientists of ISRO and the most beloved Indian Scientist Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam sir.
Coming to the storyline of the film, it is simple and straightforward and directly based on the title of the movie itself. Not much writing and editing would have been needed by the scriptres but still the director managed to put some drama and comedy to the film and which didn't look extra (at least, not to me). The director added the comedy to such a serious & real events based movie so I'm looking forward to a truly comedy film directed by the same director. Moreover, the cinematography and VFX works were undoubtedly great in the movie.
Apart from the goodness of the film, the film has unfortunately got a point to deduct its rating. The film has got an average music score and the happy song in the second half of the film didn't meet up with the theme of film. Amit Trivedi has done good work and produced really good music, which matched according to the theme of the film, like Udta Punjab, Fitoor, etc. But unluckily, he failed to produce such good themed-music in this one and moreover, the BGM wasn't upto his level.<br/><br/>Now coming to the best part of the film; the acting, the casting and the theme of women empowerment.
After Manikarnika, this is the second film in 2019 which truly showed us what women empowerment actually is. Every actress completely nailed her role and a big shout-out to the castors of the film who gave chance to such actresses instead of selecting any overrated make-up girls. I can say, without any doubts, that every actress in the film overshadowed the male actor. Tapsee Pannu overshadowed her husband, Kirti Kulhari overshadowed the old scientist guy, Sonakshi overshadowed Sharman Joshi AND.... Vidya Balan overshadowed Akshay Kumar in every scene of the film. She truly lived the character and have definitely got more screentime than Akshay in the film. She once again proved us why she is 5-times National Award winner and wouldn't be any surprising to me if she wins her 6th National Award for her role in this film. Lots of love from my side to Vidya madam. This wasn't an Akshay Kumar starrer film. This is the Vidya Balan starrer film.<br/><br/>Overall, the film succeeds in its purpose of showing us the real story behind the Mars mission M.O.M. of ISRO. After watching the movie, one will definitely feel immense proud on our scientists and researchers who made it possible to reach Mars in a very low budget and less time.<br/><br/>Movie rating : 4.5/5 ⭐ Misson Mangal is a fitting tribute to ISRO's exemplary feat - the success of the Mars Mission in 2014. Whilst Akshay's patriotic propagandas, bordering, at times, on pathos, the Kharton ke Khiladi stints, and the regular dose of masla may leave you flushed, the film's refreshing female cast is certainly a redeeming factor, and the film leaves behind a powerful message of women empowerment. Surprised by the amount of negative reviews wonder what they were looking for or was it just because it was an Akshay movie.<br/><br/>This is really a good paisa wasool movie.<br/><br/>It a fast paced movie and entertaining, you won't regret spending money to watch this.<br/><br/>If you go expecting to see a realistic documentary then yes you would be disappointed, but if you go to see an entertaining movie with a dash of reality about an Indian achievement - you won't be disappointed.<br/><br/>What works for the movie:
1) Visuals are stunning
2) the character storylines were surprisingly interesting
3) fast paced
4) good comedy without going overboard
5) entertaining family entertainment<br/><br/>What doesn't work
1) over dramatization : may be in order to make movie more entertaining.
2) making scientific aspects a little too layman, it would make knowledgable audience a little bored or perplexed however we need to understand majority of audience won't be science savvy and hardcore technical terms / concepts would go over their head if not diluted.
3) the story could have been little more realistic instead of being 60% fiction and 40% fact.<br/><br/>Verdict : if you want to see a realistic movie about Indian's Mars mission then this is not the movie for you, maybe a more serious documentary is what you might be looking for.<br/><br/>However as I said you want to watch a feel good entertaining movie about underdogs triumphing with a reasonable dash/tadka of momentus Indian achievement along with some stunning visuals. Then this is definitely the movie for you. A dont know why people are spreading negativity about the film this is movie not a documentary and worth watch movie Mission Mangal is an inspiring tale of our scientists Grit, Determination and Passion towards their country and work. It's a wonderful tribute to ISRO and their scientists. Based on India's historic Mangalyaan project Mission Mangal captures the true essence of this event and fictionalised to a certain extent which makes the narrative easier to understand. Akshay Kumar as Rakesh Dhawan is simply superb. It takes courage to make movies on such subjects and educating the audience about the achievements of our country. Taapsee Pannu as Kritika Aggarwal gives such a charming performance. She is truly improving as an actor with each passing film. Her act in the climax is Clapworthy. Sonakshi Sinha as Eka Gandhi is a revelation. This is her best acting performance after Lootera. She is literally kick-ass in the film. Nithya Menen as Varsha Gowda in her debut Hindi film shows what an actor she is another great role for her. Hope we see her in more Hindi films. Kirti Kulhari as Neha Siddiqui also has a good role in the film. The struggle that her character goes through and the emotions that she showcases in those scenes are commendable. Sharman Joshi as Parmeshwar Joshi and HG Dattatreya as Ananth Iyer have hilarious roles. They provide the necessary light moments in the film that are endearing to watch. But the true STAR of the film (for me) is Vidya Balan as Tara Shinde. She is truly a ROCKSTAR performer. The range as an actor that she portrays in the film is Amazing. You will relate to her character the most. No doubt that she is one of the best actresses of this country. Directing his very first film Jagan Shakti has done marvellous job. Each and every aspect of the Mars Mission is explained in a detailed and understandable manner which requires unique skill. All in all Mission Mangal is a WHOLESOME ENTERTAINER with drama, action, songs, emotions, thrills and of course science. It's a MUST WATCH. Strongly Recommended 🙌🏻✌🏻. Nothing is good with the film except the last 10 minutes. Go for Batla house instead... Movie will enlighten us about isro and their efforts to make our space projects successful. The movie comes as too hypothetical, far from reality on quite a few occasions but equally supported by brilliant acting of akshay and vidya. It shows how ISRO does almost an impossible task of sending a space shuttle to mars with not enough cards in their favour. A movie worth watch to have an idea of mission and the efforts to make it successful. First time in my life I fell asleep in a movie. Unnecessary songs, unnecessary drama. After having matched the movie I faily understand why the movie was made. But why would Akshay Kumar agree to this is something of a question mark. Vidya balan played well, the other actresses enjoyed what can be said as very little worthwhile footage.<br/><br/>Three Cheers to the original Mission Mars team. The movie could have done much better justice to everyone's efforts but it felt grossly incomplete as a movie.<br/><br/>Vidya, Some good graphics & Editing together managed to get a 3/10 score. I am seeing reviews about drama and extra humour added in this movie and some are even saying that take the example or chernobyl. I think they dont get how movies work in India. To make the common men of India understand the movie and have interest in the movie you have to add some drama or else the people will lose interest and they dont have audience like America or Europe that mostly undetstand the technical terms they have to be made to understand using home science examples as a Pakistani i think this movie is the best version that can be made keeping the Indian audience in mind. So before giving negative reviews always keep your audience in mind. Without drama or humour common Indian audience will lose interest in 10 minutes A complete feel good movie, a little low on scientific temper but the gung ho spirit carries the movie along.
In this day and age, where everyone in broadcast media sounds like a doomsday prophet, along comes a movie that champions Innovation and Jugaad.
Go see it. If you want to watch science at its purest, leave. But if you wish to celebrate the enormity of what ISRO achieved, GO WATCH THIS MOVIE IN A THEATRE. I am glad to see this film in theater. There was enough coverage done on all important characters which you don't see in usual Bollywood movies. It seems like Akshay Kumar stayed low key with his characters personal life. The film is shot well. And biggest thing is not lengthy.
If you haven't seen it yet, don't miss out on it. Good things:
Great cast and great actijg from each one of them.
Some punchy lines was there to appreciate
The way technology was shown with home science makes it interesting for vast type audiance.<br/><br/>
Bad things :
The NASA scientist as a negative character was worst decision of movie.
The way of showing indian social issues from problems of each and every member of the mars mission made movie too lengthy and it kept away from being constantly into the the real story.
The songs were complete unnecessary thing. Just one thing to say,"sare duniya ko bol do COPY THAT" Akshay kumar leads a group of less than top notch scientists in an attempt to get a satellite orbiting around mars . ok. this is a feel good, by the numbers kind of thing. it's still fun to watch and akshay is his usual right man for the job. It's a great film...great movie about a great achievement... don't believe on paid reviews...go and watch it and make it Blockbuster😊 I was intrigued upon hearing the true story of Mission Mangal. It's a story which deserves a lot of praise for its humongous achievement and is something India should be proud of. Did the film do it justice? Yes and no.<br/><br/>Mission Mangal was directed by Jagan Shakti in his directorial debut and his direction was really good. It's not easy to balance an ensemble cast along with the story but Shakti manages to retain that balance for as long as possible. The VFX was okay. There were times where it looked really good and times where it looked fake.<br/><br/>Akshay Kumar delivers a great performance as usual. You can tell how passionate he was about this film as he gives a lot of energy to it. It felt satisfying seeing the likes of Sharman Joshi on the big screen again. The other scientists (Taapsee Pannu, Sonakshi Sinha, Kirti Kulhari, Nithya Menen and HG Dattatreya) do well in their roles. The standout amongst everyone was Vidya Balan. A lot of the film is focused on her character's life and she feels genuine in her role throughout.<br/><br/>The writing, at times, felt contrived. I felt Dalip Tahil's character was over the top at times and some of the supporting cast members were underdeveloped. There was a subplot involving Vidya Balan's son which felt forced and was just implemented in the film for additional drama. There is another scene which takes place in a train but it was unnecessary to the main storyline and crammed in to just show women empowerment. The makers had a lot of fit into this movie's runtime. If they removed some scenes then the film would've flowed better. Despite this, the writers cleverly use analogies and theories to simplify the complexity of the mission for the audience.<br/><br/>Mission Mangal is not a bad film by any means. It does have its flaws relating to some of the characters and the writing itself but the film has its heart in the right place. It's brilliant to see something extraordinary like this being recognised widely by the public and by the end you will have that unshaken feeling of proudness and patriotism for India. A very clean, inspirational movie. Do watch it. There are parts which have been a little dramatized to add comedy but not too much to spoil the flow of the movie. Such movies need to be known commercial, hence I'm ok with the random comedy and songs too...the last bit from Modi is polticizing it but i guess everyone shud understand that isro is non political...the mission started in an era and ended in another... A feel good movie .
you will enjoy every moment and won't feel bore any where.
Must watch for small children as they will love watching certain space scenes.
Though not an appropriate space movie like as in hollywood ones ,
yet good to watch. Must watch for everyone especially if they are from India. The struggle and brilliance of one of India's best brains on celluloid. Hats off to the makers and everyone who has been part of this great event. The movie which is based on India's successful mars mission passes by flying colour. The movie is dramatized and has some added elements to get more viewership and makes ending special . It also some downs but overall all film is very good. A team of Indian scientists at ISRO (Indian Space Research Organisation) take on the extraordinary task of successfully sending a satellite into the orbit of planet Mars in a country's maiden attempt.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic, it takes sweat, determination and hard work to make it come true. That's what Indian scientists at ISRO have gone through for the past five decades, leaving behind their personal lives, making their families second priority and propelling themselves into a pursuit of scientific achievement. One of the glorious chapters in their success story was the 2014 Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), more popularly called the Mangalyaan Mission. Against all odds, India became the first country in the world to break many space and Earth barriers and reach the distant planet in its first attempt. 'Mission Mangal' is a film that dramatises and recreates this glorious chapter in Indian history. This deeply patriotic film takes a few cinematic liberties along the way, while doing that, it delves into the lives of the scientists who made this almost-impossible dream come true. The film throws light on how scientists who go through the humdrum of everyday life, when at work they show grit, gumption and tremendous drive to achieve the unthinkable. The focuss on human drama is endearing, but we would have like to see more action happening at ISRO, which we know very little of.<br/><br/>The story picks up in 2010, when a team at ISRO is led by Rakesh (Akshay Kumar) as they launch a rocket into outer space. But that launch mission ends up in unexpected failure when a technical error forces the rocket to veer towards earth. The ill-fated error happens under the watchful eye of one of the mission directors Tara (Vidya Balan), but during the media-fuelled fiasco later on, Rakesh takes the blame for it. As a result, Rakesh is assigned to the far-fetched Mars Mission at ISRO, which other scientists at the organisation believes is nothing but a flight of fancy. But, the patriotic Rakesh and the industrious Tara decide to fight the odds and put India on the space map, again. Dealing with minuscule budgets, scrutiny from their peers and pressure from all quarters Rakesh and Tara, make a team of junior scientists from ISRO with the intention of putting the Mars Mission into space within 24 months.<br/><br/>Writer-director Jagan Shakti's film takes complex scientific jargon and simplifies it for the common man. The narrative also cleverly makes use of logic, home science and alternate science to add quirky entertainment into the mix. The storytelling is backed by solid characters in the MOM team, who have scientifically thought out solutions for their real-life problems, too. MOM's team comprises of five strong women Tara, Eka (Sonakshi Sinha), Neha (Kirti Kulhari), Kritika (Taapsee Pannu) and Varsha (Nithya Menen) who wrack their brains and come up with innovative, low-cost solutions for the Mars mission. Part of the same team are Parmeshwar (Sharma Joshi) and Ananth (HG Dattatreya).
Moments of heightened drama in the screenplay are tailor-made to please the audience, especially those who don't have a knack for theories, equations and numbers. Mission Mangal simplifies its complex subject so that viewers of all ages and backgrounds can engage with the story and the characters. On the flipside, the simplicity does get a bit too convenient on more than one occasion. The narrative could have focused more on the nuances of the mission and the authenticity of the mission control at ISRO. At times, the characters get a bit over-the-top and then on occasions the screenplay gets a bit pedantic. Even the CGI is pretty average. But then, the feeling of patriotism and national pride does eclipse the minor pitfalls of this mission.<br/><br/>The performances by the ensemble cast are strong. Akshay Kumar leads the cast with Vidya Balan as the parallel lead. Both actors team up to give measured and engaging performances as scientists who give their heart and soul to realise India's dream of being a big player in the international space race. They are ably supported by Sonakshi Sinha, Taapsee Pannu, Kirti Kulhari, Nithya Menen. Their team also has Sharman Joshi and senior actor HG Dattatreya, who bring in some moments of levity to the drama. Sanjay Kapoor in a brief cameo, looks outrageous at best. Dalip Tahil, who plays the NASA-return scientist with a half-American half-Indian accent doles out more laughs than advice for the other characters.
Under the vision of creative director R Balki and an average execution by filmmaker Jagan Shakti, 'Mission Mangal' makes good with its emotional highs and drama. In the end, when you see India's scientists celebrate their hard-earned victory with the Mangalyaan orbiting Mars, you can't help but cheer for the triumph of a nation and its scientific success. Despite the ups and downs, this story does make you believe that dreams do come true, especially in the vast expanses of the outer space. This movie is one of the best which is blend of emotions, commitment and planning I thought to read comment before watching and really unhappy to say that few kind of people are just trying to defame it. Go and see. Do not get into trap of bad review by these people.
See the movie and give my comment thumbs down if not useful TERRIFIC saw it at cinema PARADISO. Brilliant like an altered flame like in AUROVILLE.
TAMIL NADU
PONDICHERRY Akshay usually gives blockbusters every year. Based on true stories are very enjoyable to watch. Its a masterpiece. A good adaptation of the India's mission to Mars with enough drama required for the movie. The lead cast was great in their roles. I didnt knew about this mission. What a pleasure to watch this movie. Great! Forget some nonsense things shown in the movie.The movie is overall emotional and good to watch.I enjoyed it a lot.It has comedy and emotions and lot of message to the society.Akshay Kumar role was fantastic.And finally as an Indian I am proud of Isro. It represents hinduphobia . Total irrelevant to the name of movie.all matter except of mission A good terrific watch with a true plot, it makes us entertainment but also to know more information about true mission.These types of movies are needed for us which is informative as well as entertainment.<br/><br/>Verdict - Must watch!!! I hate this movie only for not showing respect quran...its not fun Excellent movie on space the blockbuster movie add a milestone of Akshay Kumar careers the biggest film of Akshay Kumar "Entertaining and Enlightening"
A movie that will make every Indian proud. Read the negative reviews before going to see this movie...however i personally loved it. It tells a true story in great cinematic fashion. Akshay Kumar is on point and all the leading ladies have fulfilled their roles brilliantly. As a Taapsee Fan, I thought she was the star of the show.<br/><br/>The effects in the film show how far Bollywood has come in visual entertainment and told the story really well which to even those that dont understand space talk such has orbit etc would get. Mission mangal, a movie inspired from a true event had a nice story but was not built very beautifully.
The overall ratings are:<br/><br/>ACTING: 7/10
DIRECTING: 7/10
WRITING: 7/10
SOUNDS / SOUNDS: 6/10<br/><br/>The story implicitly tells that the whole mission was standing on the pillar of luck which is a little hard to swallow.
Although the talk of home science and explanations of very simple phenomena like gravity makes it more audience friendly and opens a larger audience towards itself.
The actor selection was done well from my point of view and the animations of the launch and stuff were also done very well.<br/><br/>OVERALL: 7/10
Not so bad! But really recommended to be watched by everyone. A good pick for the first watch. The movie has tried to portray the Hindu community in bad light and should essentially be banned right away. Pretty awful otherwise also. The characters don't come across as scientists at all and ISRO should strongly object to the way these characters have been portrayed. I'm not sure why people feel that this movie was an insult in any way, if anything, I have gained tremendous respect for the scientists involved in this mission.<br/><br/>Understanding the way in which Indian scientists tactfully utilised their resources to launch their rocket into Mars was so interesting. For example, how Earths's gravitational pull was exploited in this mission, I thought all of this was so interesting to understand.<br/><br/>In terms of masala, I think there were one or maybe two songs? No one seemed to be dancing unnecessarily in a desert or some jazzy location that would indicate such "masala."<br/><br/>This movie also highlighted the prolific role of women in this mission so unapologetically which based on the photographical evidence, genuinely seems to be the case. Movies like this really help us to inch away from the patriarchal society that we live in and demonstrate the potential of women working alongside men.<br/><br/>Felt the need to leave this positive review after reading so many negative ones. Thank you team of Mission Mangal for shedding such insightful information on how this mission was conducted, I was... mesmerized! Although certain sequences are present which looks unreal in real life scenario, the film was good in major aspects. Worth a watch in a cinema hall. Akshay Kumar's selection of movie surprises me all the time. Great movie! Even the girls did a pretty good job. The film is very well versed in terms of patriotic and women empowering influences but miserably blocks down in case of scientific convictions and misses up entertainment qotient at some places Excellent film beautifully directed and great. Women's power shown amazingly.<br/><br/>Trully great movie to watch by everyone Superb Movie, Must Watch. All the stars done fabulous job in this movie. MOVIE MAST THI!
PATRIOTISM KA ACCHA DOSE HAI!
THODA HINDUPHOBIC THINGS BHI THI!
IN SHORT DEKH SAKTE HAI! It's Very Very Fantastic Movie ....All Cherecter Roll Are Very Well ....Akshay Kumar Work Are Awesome Vidhya Balan No World Can His Perfect Roll ....Its Awesome .......And Very Strong .....Cherecter.... Mission mangal is an interesting movie based on India's Mission mars.<br/><br/>Akshay and Vidya plays main directors of the mission and all other actors are playing diff scientists
Akshay has done an incredible job.
Vidhya balan is just amazing in the movie and she has portrayed the role so well. She is my fav character in the movie
Sonakshi tapsee and all other actors are fantastic<br/><br/>Enjoyed the punchlines in between and the comedy side of the movie alot. I think without the humour movie would be little boring<br/><br/>Usually this doesn't happen but for this movie second part that is after interval. Is better than first part.
First part is all drama about convincing ISRO and all scientists for Mars Mission.
Second part is the execution of the plan and all the prblms they face while mission that is low budget, less weight of the rocket etc.<br/><br/>Ending was predictable because ofcourse mission mangal was successful in real.
But loved that how they created twists and suspense before showing it is successful. Twists like rocket not getting on or losing communication<br/><br/>Con of this movie this low vfx they cud have use better vfx is showing space and mars. Vfx was like some cartoon vfx<br/><br/>I think I can watch it one more time Please don't listen to the negative reviews as the same people gave bharat the movie10/10. The objective of this movie is to make the scientific technical terms easy to understand and entertaining for the mass public. This movie is not for nasa to understand and copy the process. This movie is an answer that india can join the space club. In that regards, it is a decent watch especially vidya and akshay. Let me put it another way, if bharat was released on I-day mission mangal would have decimated bharat the movie. Well if intellectuals wants know about the Mars mission they should be watching a documentary. Watched it with the full family and was thoroughly entertained. This is a fantastic movie. Don't look at negative reviews, just go and watch. You would feel proud of our space scientist after watching the movie. This is an Indian movie and made for Indian masses, so some masala is there but is bearable. This would definitely create curiosity in space science. My 4th-grade son liked it so much, and I was bombarded with questions on Kalam, Marse, Apogee, Orbit, Gravity, PSLV, GSLV fat boy, eclipsing, escape velocity, etc. after watching the movie, and that is the outcome that t I liked the most about this movie. Akshay sir acting and direction background music
over all good movie Feel content of movie awesome... proud as I m indian. Don't show critics review they all are corrupted...askay rocks and vidya balan had good job as scientist..others fit in their role fantastic......motivational movie watch with your kid,fully paisa vasool movie.....those give 1 and 2.5 review they are jealous people becoz india had done in first attempt in mangal orbit...... I went for the movie not for Akshay but for the 5 leading ladies. This movie didn't meet my expectations. An excellent subject at hand and Bollywood as usual decides to use masala in it . When Hollywood is making space films with proper content , here we are dancing with mops and hitting goons in the metro . Atleast the makers should have respected the real mission.
Excellent star cast but too little importance was given to their acting prowess . It's not a bad film per se , but as a science film it doesn't qualify to be in the same league as Gravity and interstellar. Had high expectations on this film....such a great achievement of our nation been dramatised in typical bollywood comic style.They had such an inspiring story to tell....all of them class 1 actors , what did they make out of it !!!! Atleast this was not expected from Akshay Kumar .<br/><br/>Very casual script. Should have focused on being more informative as it is the story of our nation's scientific achievement rather than individual's family matter . Overall entertaining movie n very good acting by all , but lacking the seriousness in the content. Apart from the last 10-15 mins , its just another bollywood entertainment movie. Akshay's acting is good as usual. I am fascinated by space and i enjoyed watching this movie. I do not know why so negative reviews, (is NASA, China Space Scientists writing these reviews?,) i found the subject superbly presented, filled with entertainment, no boring moments, a wonderful movie, Worth watching. All the cast out performed in the movie. Akshay Kumar was as usual above the part excellence and all others co actors and actress was also dam good. Must watch movie. Akshay is surely the soul of the film With is comic style and one liners rest all others actors give their best. Surely an interesting subject which has room for everybody but sometimes too much of women empowerment feels too much. Although a nice film worth watching A delicious blend of cinematic liberties that entertain and the story of India's path-breaking scientific feat of reaching Mars in its maiden attempt on a shoestring budget. The story is presented in the time tested format of an underdog's triumph against tall odds.<br/><br/>The narrative is populated with characters that make an instant connect with their own quirks and real world issues that they have to face. The fact these roles are played by an aptly cast competent set of actors headlined by Akshay Kumar and the ever dependable Vidya Balan delivering pitch perfect performances makes the unfolding drama all the more engaging.<br/><br/>Debutante director Jagan Shakti deserves kudos for marshaling all the resources ably and weaving the multiple strands of issues into an engaging tale without losing the focus on his main story arc of India's Mars mission which is a thriller in itself.<br/><br/>
He could've easily gone overboard in narrating any of the minor story arcs or erred on the side of adding more comedy or melodrama which would have resulted in a crash-landed mission. However, he succeeds in holding a fine balance and as a result, the movie soars.<br/><br/>Special credits are also due to Jagan and his team of co-writers for presenting the science behind the Mars mission in a package that is easily accessible to the novice audience and making it entertaining as well with oodles of humour.<br/><br/>AN EXCEPTIONAL FLICK !!<br/><br/>RATING - 4/5 Akshay Kumar does it yet again. If his last film Kesri was great, his just-released Mission Mangal is his greatest ever about the greatest ever success of India's space program. Well done the team of this film and well done ISRO scientists. "Hollywood movies cost more than what this mission to reach Mars cost us! A one-kilometer rickshaw ride takes Rs 10 and India reached Mars at Rs 7 per kilometer which is really amazing🙏🇮🇳." Special salutations to all the men and women scientists that made this happen. "A dream is not something we see in our sleep. A dream is something that does not let you sleep." Mission Mangal is the story about India's sole and successful mission to Mars! The movie starts great with setting up the background. It takes us all on a roller coaster ride where we just get clinched to our seats forgetting all around and wondering what's going to happen next! The movie is a good go!
However, what I didn't like is the producers and directors of the movie think that only some spice up Indian drama and dacing on the beats can amuse the most intellectual people on earth - Indians! Hmmm, that's where they got it all wrong and made it a disaster in the middle. If they would have kept it all to the straight facts and avoided unnecessary humor, it would have been very impactful! I couldn't stop realizing it's resemblance to "Hidden Figures" at some point.
At climax it surely swirls some patriotism and makes a good comeback! Definitely a must watch but next time would like to see some straight facts than some jazzy show! It is a shame that so many negative reviews have been put up about this movie. It is an excellent depiction of the events which took place before and after this historic occasion. Great acting and great animation has been presented by the people who worked in this movie. Hats off to them.
In short, this movie is a treat to watch... Movie was ok no wow factor in the movie
Movie cannot able to connect its audience Here is the best movie of the year from akshay kumar. Mission mangal is not a typical bollywood movie.it's a family movie which is combination of comedy+entertainment+patriotism. When you step out of cinema hall you will feel you on mangal. Must watch for everyone specially for students and each man who wants to know about our space program Stupid movie, humour and comedy is very poor, but if you like Kapil Sharma's comedy show it will make you laugh at some points. I expected to see the efforts of ISRO scientists to make Mangalyan possible with incredible amount of challenges but all this movie showed was low level drama. Found a lot of things unnecessary in this movie. Mission Mangal - On ISRO's 50th anniversary this year, Mission Mangal, India's foray into sending a satellite into the orbit of Mars is indeed a befitting tribute to the space research agency that has been making the nation proud. The launch of Mangalyaan in 2014 was a landmark event - India became the first country to launch a satellite to Mars on its first attempt. Mission Mangal does evoke national pride, a sense of achievement and belonging, enthusiasm, warmth and appreciation for the scientists all at once, but towards the last half hour or so only.<br/><br/>There's nothing wrong with that, because Mangalyaan is reality and chronicling its development and launch are stuff meant for a documentary, not a drama. Hence the film's makers have thrown in some spice with the intent of creating drama by giving us sneak peeks into each scientist's personal life. These created subplots, each with an independent message that came across as preachy at times. An aged scientist's son doesn't care about the parents, another's husband cheated on her, a third is accused of inability to bear a child, etc. But without these, the film would barely cross 90 minutes and would actually turn into a documentary. These subplots are what you would call necessary commercial evils, but turn Mission Mangal into a typical Bollywood drama. The climax is of course predictable as Mangalyaan is etched in the modern history.<br/><br/>Akshay Kumar as Rakesh Dhawan is his usual self, but for a change allows Vidya Balan to take centre stage and she delivers a brilliant role as Tara. Nithya Menen and Kirti Kulhari are pretty good too. Sharman Joshi and H. G. Dattatrey are impressive. Sonakshi Sinha and Taapsee Pannu are passable. Sanjay Kapoor, Purab Kohli and Mohammad Zeeshan Ayub lend great support. Mission Mangal has a huge technical flourish and the Sound & Special Effects departments must be lauded for the same. It's mixture of emotions and drama. Not sure how scientists work but the movie had more of drama over it's face. Another movie to cash on public holiday. Can watch as a weekend movie as director probably wanted to connect more to general public so don't expect any science. If u like women empowerment just for the sake then there r some additional scenes Awesome and inspiration movie.people preparing for competitive exam like UPSC should watch this movie.