As a basketball lover that grew up watching Michael as an idol this series called "The last dance" is just an amazing dream. I was only a teenager during the 90's with barely access to NBA basketball or footage. So, all the episodes are just amazing. Pretty intense, interesting and an amazing way to understand how Michael Jordan become the best NBA basketball Player of all time and at the same time understand how was his last dance with the Chicago Bulls. The last dance is one of the rare documentarys that makes you live the moment.As a fan of the jordan era this is perfect.It goes through all the hard times chicago went through to win the championship. Awesome and came at perfect timing. With no sports around due to current situation this show has provided much needed boost for all the sports fans around the world. 10/10 As a 18 year old boy that has never seen this team playing live, after watching one episode of this series I felt very excited about the history of Bulls and especially for the Joradn's "Kingdom".
You should give a try on this series, undoubtedly! I have always been a skeptic of Michael Jordan... I was born in 1998, and have grown up watching watching LeBron. I have always known that Michael Jordan is refered to as the G.O.A.T, but after watching Lebron throughout his career, I could never imagine anyone being better than him. I was on the brink of thinking that MJ's greatness was some kind of a "myth". After all, MJ is rarely presenting himself and rarely reaching out to the world today. I had only watched highlights of him and heard stories about him being a bully towards his teammates. Therefore I always imagined him as somewhat careless and arrogant.<br/><br/>BOY WAS I WRONG!<br/><br/>This man had so much love and passion for the game! Never have I seen anyone be this dominant and still striving for more. A true role-model. Furthermore, all of the raw footage from the hallways, bus rides and practice showcases so much of a personality that I never thought he had. He was intelligent and cool as hell and there's a difference between arrogance and self-confidence.<br/><br/>Netflix did a great job editing this series, the music is thrilling, the presence of his teammates, family and other celebrities are amazing.<br/><br/>I started out thinking of him as a myth... I finished it knowing he was a true Legend. We saw Michael Jordan on the court for several years, but this documentary brings you in as if you don't know how it all ends. This documentary is very well put together. It begins the first two episodes with flashbacks between the early start Jordan's career and college days to the career high of champion seasons. The story then moves on to Pippen's story with a similar order (early days then career high), but also a challenging relationship with team ownership. As the series moves on we will get to Rodman and more of Phil Jackson's history with Chicago. The Last Dance is definitely a must see. I am not from the U.S.A, I have never watched a basketball game ever, I don't know the rules and I only know Michael Jordan from a picture when I was young.<br/><br/>I had nothing to do and randomly clicked this to watch, one of the best Netflix decisions ever.<br/><br/>What an amazing beautifull made documentary. Without having any connection with the sport whatsoever I felt I lived every moment.<br/><br/>Best documentary I have ever seen next to Planet Earth and thats saying something. Two episodes in and I am like, give me the whole show, today now i dont give a f... how much does it cost.. Cant wait for the next episodes.... MJ the first sport idol. The game of basketball nowadays has evolved. Jordan is the reason why basketball became popular GLOBALLY. Also the kids nowadays need to see why MJ is the G.O.A.T. and not LeBron James. This documentary gives us what we've all wanted. A peak at the lives of The Bulls beyond what we know. And a perfect picture at the dominance and greatness of one, Michael Jordan!! This will help paint a more vivid picture of the greatness of this man and these players. Can't wait for more!! Can't get enough!! And this has been a great insight. Never before seen footage makes this a must watch documentary of MJ. I'm huge fan of MJ, having watched him since his NC days. I watched every Bulls game during their championship seasons. I also scored floor seats to his last game @ the United Center when he came back w/the Wizards. (In case you're curious how he was received, arriving with the visiting team - to a standing ovation that lasted so long they had to blink the lights.) This miniseries is PERFECT, it's so well done, it's such a precious gift during quarantine. Watch it now!! I've had never liked Michael Jordan (the hazards of being a Pistons fan I guess, you grab onto anything the slightest bit negative about someone you're predisposed to not like, that confirmation bias), just like as a Tigers, Wings and Lions fan I dislike all the icons over the years with the Sox and Cubs, 'Hawks, or Bears either. The rivalries between Detroit and Chicago with all our rival teams for so many years being in the same conferences and divisions, you are almost expected to loathe each others' teams and fans.<br/><br/>But even 25 years past it's still a real thing, whether justified or not, and I will always consider Jordan a suck for forcing Isiah Thomas off the Dream Team. Other people may be taking flak e.g. Magic Johnson now after so long to get some of it off Jordan, but at the time the sole thing stopping Thomas from (rightfully, it was a real unwarranted slap in the face to him) being on the team was Jordan, and everyone knows it.<br/><br/>It came close to a real abuse of power, in this case star power to interject himself into a decision he should have had zero influence in. That makes it doubly ironic that he didn't help his biggest asset, Scottie Pippen, out by using the undeniable star-power franchise-making influence he had over the entire Bulls organization from bottom to top to force the GM and/or owner to offer Pippen a wage reopener on his contract. Other athletes did this all the time to help out a teammate who got a particularly horrible contract, ones with much less power than Jordan I might add. When Pippen was traded Shaq immediately gave up 2 million dollars a year of his own salary to give directly to Pippen, and they were brand new teammates with no existing relationship of any kind.<br/><br/>That's what a classy player does, or one with the slightest lack of pervasive self regard. At the time I'd hoped it shamed Jordan a bit for Shaq to have done what he did without a second's thought, again, what a class act in comparison, but Jordan has always struck me as an Ayn Rand-type, with that "I at least partially lucked into this lifeboat so I hope the rest of you suckers can swim" attitude, and him never lifting a finger when he could have with absolutely no detriment to himself to make sure one way or another than the league-wide disgrace over the pittance Pippen was paid was rectified. There was no downside to Jordan to help out someone who's supposed to be not just your most needed teammate to help you do the magic, like Messier to Gretzky, but also a friend.<br/><br/>But maybe that really ruthless way of looking at every opportunity or situation on or off the court as toward one single goal, winning, blinded Jordan to this really easy opportunity to do something truly righteous and with the kind of fortune Jordan amassed through sponsorships he could well afford to shave a couple of mil off his Bulls salary to help out Pippen who had arguably earned that money right off Jordan for how they had eyes in the back of their heads knowing every second where the other one was on the court, it was uncanny.<br/><br/>And I haven't even mentioned the series yet I know, but I wanted to give the full context about how many different things I don't like about Michael Jordan before saying how much I loved this documentary series. I'm a big fan of documentaries, but especially longer series versus a feature-length, where the director and writer(s) can really dig into a subject. I watch the classic older docs like "Victory At Sea" or "The World At War" that Laurence Olivier narrated so well, and I try to watch every decent documentary series from all over the world as much as I can (other than cheesy ones with inaccuracies that don't dig very deep into the subject matter, like those churned out by "history-themed" cable channels).<br/><br/>I came into this wanting it to be a total hatefest on my part while watching, about this documentary was so riveting in that way that it makes you forget yourself as well as any preconceived notions one has about Jordan; maybe that is why this has really proved popular beyond all expectation in this weird time we are in. It is the ultimate escapism for a sports fan particularly, and even more particularly when sports of any type are in short supply. And I found something so very unexpected happening inside me, deeply in a way, as a person, seeing Jordan's humanity so fully exposed as it was bound to be with so many thousands of hours of film to go through, it changed the way I feel about Jordan completely just through the reaction of my own basic compassion I develop for anyone I get to know, and I feel like through watching this I really got to know Michael Jordan, the person, not just Michael Jordan, the player.<br/><br/>Beyond reliving something in a way that makes you feel you're right back to all those times if you'd been a basketball fan that long, and feel like you're back there still even if you hadn't been born yet maybe. The series really uses framing of the different time periods very subtly, but while still shifting the mood seamlessly in a second flat... I don't think I've ever quite seen that before. I just turn 50 and this series brought me back with such potent nostalgia to my 20s that I felt like I did watching some of those games for the first time ever, a virtual time machine, and though I still don't like some of his actions and choices back then, "The Last Dance" made me like Michael Jordan, the man. Maybe even love him. And considering my starting point, that is something. There's nothing to say. It's Jordan, the one and the only that will ever exist, with the best team of all time.
I can't ask for more. I loved the 90's bulls and like so many was obsessed with their success. Here is a great insight into why they didn't get to 7, 8 or even 9 championship rings.
You have the arguably the greatest dynasty in sports history and like so many times before, when something doesn't need fixing, in comes personalities and egos to mess everything up. The last dance is as compelling as it is heart breaking, as the question of "what could've been?" looms. It's a comprehensive breakdown of the events that lead to the break up of the greatest sporting teams in history.
Wonderfully captured with deep insight provided from the people that were actually there. While simultaneously flipping back in time to give us a deeper understanding of how the key players got to the position they found themselves in. This has been 20+ years in the making and so far very much worth the wait. ESPN never fails to deliver history from the past into the present so well. This amazing footage of jordan and the bulls in 1998 will have one feeling nostalgic, and for those who haven't seen Michael Jordan play get ready to step into a whole different dimension.I myself relive it Just like it was yesterday. This documentary is not only pivotal for the sports world but for non basketball fans as well. This will be set along as one of the great sports stories of all time, if it already hasn't.<br/><br/>-jaerez ozolin This documentary proves once AGAIN that mj was a different bread, there can only be one jumpman and we all know who that is. Very interesting documentary. I was a teenager during that era and didn't realise about the controversy with the bulls' management. It's like I'm watching an action series that make me can't wait for the next episode. Best Documentary about MJ and the Bulls hands down! ESPN nailed it! MJ the GOAT no doubt.. The story of basketball God named as Michael Jeffrey Jordan As a basketball player who grew up watching Michael Jordan, this documentary was absolutely amazing! For those that were too young, this was a great introduction to the best player of all-time! This documentary shows the ups and downs of one of the best dynasties in sports history and an inside look at the best athlete to ever walk the planet! The ONLY people who didn't like this and rate this low are the LeBron fans (not all, just the Jordan haters) who can't stand the FACT that 90% of the world thinks Jordan is easily the best ever. It's not even an argument when 9 out of 10 people believe one thing and in this case it's that Jordan is the GOAT. But that 1 out of 10 keep trying, God bless them! I was a teenager living in Australia in the 90s when the hype of the NBA swept though, inspired by the MJ led Bulls and the dynasty that they would become.
The basketball matchups in those days became essential watching (vs Lakers, Trailblazers, Pacers and Jazz), and it led to me and other kids taking to the courts trying to emulate the feats of these basketball icons.
Watching this documentary made me relive this all over again, and the interviews gave a good psychological insight into the mentality of the players, coach, manager, owner and opponents. I loved every episode, as did my wife, who also had a pair of Air Jordan's in the day!
Of course it's mostly a testimonial to the greatness of MJ, who I believe is the GOAT, but I also gained more appreciation of how good Phil Jackson was - who was a zen master at managing the big personalities on the team and not letting that effect performance (eg the Rodzilla incident, lol) and also using the Triangle offense to maximum effect.
I would've given a 10, however as an Aussie, I feel that Luc Longley has been slighted - starting centre on 3 of the championship teams, but barely mentioned and not interviewed. I realise he was a role player, but his contribution is not less than that of Toni Kukoc, Ron Harper or Steeve Kerr.
All in all though I loved this series, from the intro with the soundtrack right until the end. Sensational. Wow, that was dam good! It's just incredible to relive those days, and actually see the behind-the-scenes and the storytelling by the guys I spent most of my adolescent years idolizing. I forgot how much I loved the Bulls, Jordan, and the NBA back then. I don't get emotional over shows or movies, but this series got to me - big time. To say I miss that team is the biggest understatement ever. Nothing compared to watching Jordan and the Bulls. Not a fan of basketball, but I thought I'd give it a go. Wow i never looked back! Fantastic documentary on the ups and downs of the game, (and business) as well as Michael Jordan's none stop performance! I now only wish I had the opportunity to see one of his games! A must see, 90's NBA was amazing as compared to today, MJ built a dynasty at the bulls,they are still not able to continue the legacy till date. This is documentary which will never get bad review. So automatically must watch.
If you are a sports fan...you will like it no doubt. Just Wow!! 2 episodes in and it was way beyond my expectation. Truly amazing insights, perfect story line, great flashbacks, top notch production! Can't wait for more episodes. Really good show even though I'm not a big basketball fan. I like it when they dunk the basketball Phenomenal ten part documentary about The Chicago Bulls basketball team during Michael Jordans reign, who is GOAT in my humble opinion.<br/><br/>Always liked Jordan, his work ethic and never give up attitude, but this programme was just fantastic, on every level.<br/><br/>Jordan is quite frankly mesmerising to watch (as are the team) and to listen to, i absolutely loved it, and i am in no way a hardcore basketball fan.<br/><br/>Had a really feeling of disappointment when i watched last episode today.
So i'm just gonna watch it all over again ðŸ¤—<br/><br/>Highly recommended, even if you have no interest in the game, this is brilliant, trust me. Having never watched a basketball game of heard of the Chicago Bulls and only a faint recollection of the name Michael Jordan I watched the series during Lockdown and was totally impressed. Jordan is an absolute star and a born winner , a one man team a la Diego Maradona, who propelled his team with his desire and ruthlessness to greatness.
The behind the scenes footage was so revealing and funny .... Jordan must have been an inspiration for millions of young kids and a role model for millions more .... a true Superstar I started watching The Last Dance as soon as it came out. After it ended I just marinated, thinking about it and seeing how people reacted. The general consensus was that this tv series is great and probably one of the best, if not the best, sports documentary type of show and I agree. I was never a huge fan of basketball or even MJ but thats what so great about it. It's for everyone, for every sports fan, for every person looking for courage and strength. I had no idea the story of the great MJ was filled with so ups and downs nor did I knew the importance of Pippen in the best dynasty and best player of the game. Truly loved watching it and I recommend you go see it even if you don't like basketball. You don't need to be a basketball or even a sport enthusiast to enjoy The Last Dance. It took me about 3 episodes to get into it but you really enjoy it after getting to know the team, key figures and politics. Many people know about the fame and legendary status of Michael Jordan. But this delves deeper and goes into the politics and tensions behind greatness. You come out of this with greater respect for MJ and the Chicago Bulls. This series was also well made, it was dynamic as it switched between the years, moments and championships. I am used to linear docos from start to present but this was well illustrated. 8.5/10 From the first episode I was gripped. The story of how the boy became the man, then became good, then outstanding, then the greatest basketball player in history, then transcended beyond the sport to immortality. A inner fire, unpossesed by many except a few in history, drove a man, team and coach to greatness.
A must watch and despite all this team did to forever change the face of basketball they seem humble and respectful of the game.
The last dance carries the viewer from humble beginnings to feeling like part of the immortal team that was the Chicago bulls. Lead by the greatest, most determined, driven, focused, competitive, game orientated and living in the moment athlete the world has seen.
Simply.The Best.<br/><br/>. A great documentary. Inspired me to practise basketball and take a more competitive mindset in sports. The documentary is very exciting and interesting. It's put together very well and well produced. A must for every Bulls Fan and anyone who loves basketball. ...I loved it.<br/><br/>Obviously I've heard of Michael Jordan, but I knew close to nothing about his skills, stats, and personal life. I wouldn't have been able to tell you anything about his teammates on the Bulls. To be honest, the only thing I really knew about Jordan was that he was a basketball player and that he was in Space Jam. Prior to watching this show, I never heard of Scottie Pippen, Steve Kerr, Phil Jackson, etc. Now, after having seen the show, I feel as if I know all of these people and actually grew to care about them as if I know them in my personal life.<br/><br/>A big positive of this show is how intimately and delicately this show delved into all of the championship games, as well as the personal lives and thought processes of Jordan and other Bulls players. I was genuinely surprised that Jordan was willing to appear in this despite the fact that he isn't portrayed in the most positive light. I was also surprised whenever the show delved into his psychological views towards basketball or his gambling controversy. This show does portray Jordan and the Bulls in an extremely positive light overall, but it does take some praiseworthy risks by showing some of Jordan's flaws and delving into events that don't seem like they are connected with the Bulls but actually are. Another big positive is that this show got me much more invested in basketball: the actual games and the process that goes into actually playing and drafting/trading.<br/><br/>As someone who doesn't really care much about sports at all, I loved it. This is a near-perfect show that was constantly entertaining and surprisingly intimate and critical at times. You may not enjoy this if you're not a basketball fan, but I say maybe consider giving this a chance since I am not a basketball fan but, again, I loved it. If you are a basketball fan, this is a MUST-WATCH. Despite being more of a football/baseball sports fan these days, there was a short time in my early adolescence (the mid-1990s) when I was into basketball. Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls would have that effect on any burgeoning sports enthusiast. Due to this flirtation--albeit brief--I was able to viscerally experience "The Last Dance" on both a documentary and nostalgic level.<br/><br/>For a very basic overview, "The Last Dance" focuses on the 1997-1998 Bulls, trying to bring home their sixth championship in eight years. Before the season even began, owner Jerry Krause made it clear that this would be the last go-round for the Bulls dynasty. There was no guarantee that Jordan, Pippin, Rodman, Kerr, etc. would be back for another run.<br/><br/>Besides unearthing an incredible amount of never-before-seen, behind-the-scenes footage from the '97-'98 Bulls, each of the ten episodes also flash back to previous years in Bulls franchise history, ostensibly focusing on team/city icon Michael Jordan. While his presence clearly looms the largest throughout the production, all the other key participants (teammates, coaches, family members, etc.) are given their fair share of interview time as well.<br/><br/>Taken strictly as a documentary, series director Jason Hehir does a remarkable job of making it compelling viewing. From the time-flashes to the montages, or the interviews to the general narrative, this is A+ all the way. Even the music provides drama and emotion when necessary. What really vaults "The Last Dance" into the stratosphere of sports docs, though, is the sense of nostalgia for 90s basketball. As I previously mentioned, I probably haven't watched a hoops contest from beginning to end for 20+ years, yet even I vividly remember the 90s Bulls, as well as other names of the time period (Malone, Stockton, Miller, Ewing, etc.). Basically, if this can produce a nostalgic reaction in me, it will for a lot of other viewers as well.<br/><br/>Overall, "The Last Dance" is truly one of the most engrossing sports docs I've ever witnessed. The production values are huge, the access is first rate, and the subject matter is ripe for emotion/nostalgia. Whether you're a hard-core or casual hardwood fan, the ten episodes here will enthrall you. I watched because my younger brother is a Scottie Pippen fan, and I was keen to see what all the fuss is about.
I was transfixed and watched the whole series in 2 days without the benefit of previous basketball knowledge. I felt like part of the team, I cried, cheered, swore. Wonderful fun.
If the crew behind this doco made a series about paint drying, you better believe it'll be on my watch list. The Last Dance is a 10-part documentary event chronicling the six-time champion Chicago Bulls led by Michael Jordan in the nineties.<br/><br/>Michael Jordan's rise to stardom in the NBA was instantaneous as he took the league by storm but individual accolades didn't immediately translate to team success and like anybody throughout basketball history, he needed the right supporting cast to compliment him and General Manager Jerry Krause did just that. Insert coach Phil Jackson, rookies Scottie Pippen and Horace Grant and a championship caliber-team had been built, however the "Bad Boy" Detroit Pistons stood in their way and a bitter rivalry ensued.<br/><br/>After two devastating defeats the Chicago Bulls in the post-season, the Bulls vanquished them in 1991 and went on to defeat Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers in 1991 for their first ever NBA Championship. The Chicago Bulls win two more championships in 1992 and 1993 before the tragic murder of Michael Jordan's father saw him retire from the sport and briefly taking up baseball before returning in 1995. The 1996 season saw the Bulls returned to prominence. The new-look team acquired former "Bad Boy" Dennis Rodman via trade and blitzing the league on route to a then record 72 wins from 82 games and their fourth NBA Championship. The following year came Championship number five against the Utah Jazz.<br/><br/>All was not well though behind the scenes despite the sustained success with in-fighting, egos from players and management as well as bitter contract disputes threatening to tear this great dynasty apart, the 1997/98 season was dubbed "The Last Dance".<br/><br/>A great documentary unleashes a barrage of never before seen footage from that last season, providing insights and interviews from the players and personalities who covered and witnessed this historic run. As a fan my complaints are minimal and left me wanting more. But more supporting cast interviews from Horace Grant and Toni Kukoc who were instrumental in the team's success would have been nice and somewhat less on the 1992 Dream Team because there has already been a documentary covering that.<br/><br/>Nothing's ever perfect though - not even "Air Jordan". He is a savage, cut from a different cloth. His will and competitiveness to win is unrivaled but his unforgiving methods didn't always make him a likable person, even with his teammates. "Winning comes at a cost", he quips fighting back tears in The Last Dance. If anything this documentary only cements his individual greatness and his indelible impact on the game of basketball globally.<br/><br/>The Last Dance is great nostalgia-filled trip down memory lane for those who lived it and serves notice to a new generation of basketball fans who the greatest is - and just how formidable the Chicago Bulls of the nineties were.<br/><br/>What time is it? Game time! This series gave me back my childhood dreams of becoming a sports professional... stunning! Must-see My first review for almost 4000 movies. It's incredible series. Best i ever seen. I grew up in 90s in Moscow Russia with MJ and his "Bulls" games. I cried man. Thanks for these series. I love u MJ. Perfect. MJ proved that he is better than LBJ. The GOAT As a huge basketball fan who wasn't fortunate enough to watch Michael Jordan and the Bulls live during the 90's (I was born in 2000), I was avidly looking forward to this docuseries and it fully lived up to the hype. I was glued to my TV from 9 to 11 pm every Sunday night for the past five weeks and was thoroughly entertained from start to finish. As a basketball fan, I learned so much about that era of the NBA and how different it was then compared what the game is now. Getting to see the behind-the-scenes of MJ and the Bulls during that last championship run in 1998 was eyeopening and in many ways very inspirational and motivational. The docuseries simultaneously told the story of that '98 "Last Dance" team as well as Jordan's story as a basketball player from the very beginning. The docuseries did something really unique in its storytelling in that it highlighted the superhuman determination and abilities that Michael Jordan possessed while also humanizing him with the way it portrayed his close relationships with his parents, teammates and his security personnel. I loved hearing the perspectives of all the players on those Bulls teams throughout the 90's as well as their opponents, many of them Hall of Famers that the Bulls denied titles to. The Dennis Rodman shenanigans were hilarious. This is a thoroughly enjoyable show that is definitely worth watching for fans of all sports, especially for basketball fans. And I already knew this coming into the series but it's further cemented in my mind now but Michael Jordan is the Greatest of All Time in the sport of basketball. This documentary inspires every athlete to give a 100% in what you are doing. The mentality and the drive Jordan had is truly amazing to see. There will never be another. The fiercest competitor to ever lace em up. Your all playing for silver current and future nba players. This is a great documentary if you love basketball, and even if you don't. I don't think any documentary can beat this. Resilience. Motivation. Passion. Dedication. Literally everything. Not a single flaw. The best. The best. The best. Nothing can beat this. Period. The documentary has started of with a bang and I just hope they can keep this going. By far the best thing of quarantine. Amazing insights into the person that Michael Jordan was, and his rare and unrivalled determination to win, amidst the business and corporate backdrop of the Bulls franchise. When all is said and done, ultimately -- Michael Jordan is the undisputed GOAT. It's not merely about stats against LJ and MJ, but the mentality; the effect on the game; the fear instilled in rivals and opponents. No one other than perhaps Muhammad Ali instilled this degree of respect and fear from his contemporaries. Also appreciate the opportunity to learn about Pippen's demons and his challenges -- professional and personal. A great start to a timeless documentary. Looking forward to the remainder of the series. For whoever ever played basket and especially who was playing as child in the 90s, this series is like being child again !!!
Revisiting all your NBA heroes of the time it's just amazing and generate a cascade of feelings.
I'm not American but NBA and Micheal Jordan are one of those thing that really boomed the american culture worlwide, and if one day I will manage to go working and living in the USA it will be also because of him.<br/><br/>Fantastic. Not a basketball aficionado, so when they talk "basketball", they may as well be talking martian, but that didn't matter. This gripped us from the first episode. A superb documentary of a supremely talented, sublime and complex sportsman. Impressed how they kept us hooked for 10 episodes! Nothing more tonsay than the best quote:
It starts with hard work and ends with champagne! I saw a lot of things I didn't know, and also rediscovered Jordan's simplicity and greatness. I admire these people for knowing that they are going to break up at the end and struggling to make the final glory. It's fantastic. Watching this just shows that Michael Jordan was the greatest, still is the greatest and will always be the greatest. The insight into this series is incredible it shows how much of a true sportsman, leader and born winner Michael is. There is no need to say no more he's the G.O.A.T I hated the bulls......I was a Jazz fan in the UK and Malone and Stockton were guys I idolised......years later watching this insight and in-depth documentary I've been blown away. The background on Kerr, Kucoc, Grant, Pippen, Rodman gave it real depth and understanding but if you've not come to watch MJ and his story then maybe watch a chickflick. Currently in episode 3, for my 3rd time watching this series. Phenomenal. My first ever 10 rating. I grew up watching Jordan and the Bulls and my wife is from Chicago and went to several games with her dad. We both loved how nostalgic this series was. It really was well put together. I understand that its from Jordan's perspective (I got my boy Horace's back - he's a Clemson Alum and so am I). But it really does a good job of recapping the Bulls in the 80's-90's and giving an inside look into the organization. Excellent documentary. I want to make clear that I am giving 10 stars to the film maker; not to Jordan. yes, Jordan is the GOAT; no doubt. But this is about more than that, and if anything this series underscores that. As a human being he does come of as petty, vindictive, w/o much empathy. So when he does praise someone, or his relationship with someone it rings hollow because usually this means it is about someone who deferred to him. I will never forget watching his HOF induction, and how surprised, and taken aback I was at his speech.
I liked how the episodes were set up - Pippen , Rodman, Jackson basically get their own segments. The film makers go pretty deep. Relationships are explored, grudges are explained. I do wish that Scottie could have got even more time. IMO there is a big mystery in him. As a human beings, he and Rodman are more fascinating than MJ. Great series. Best sport documentary ever.I didn't expect it to be so good. Now we know What great mj went through... this was one of the best documentary that I saw... it shows that who was mj, he was the man with huge fire inside...
From north carolina, at guard, 6,6 Michaellllll Jordannnn... Coming from a uneducated position on American basketball, and everything basketball for that matter I can genuinely say this show was truly epic. I was gripped from the first episode and found myself wishing I could go back in time and live life as a Chicago bulls fan. What a time to be alive, this team had everything and we get to see this all laid bare in this series. Micheal Jordan, what a man! This opens your eyes to what it really meant to be seen an unparalleled world dominating athlete. 10/10 Despite being on the other side of the Atlantic, I was pretty into Basketball around the time of the second three-peat but my interest has drifted away since then. The buzz surrounding this documentary though peaked my interest and I restricted myself to one a day to stop me breezing through the whole thing in one session.<br/><br/>Lead by Michael Jordan, the Chicago Bulls become a sports dynasty - winning six championships in a decade. The Last Dance focuses on the last of those, notably because it was already agreed that the coach Phil Jackson, and some of the older members of the team would departing at the conclusion of that season. The documentary combines unprecedented behind the scenes footage of that season, with present day retrospective interviews, and a time jump gimmick to tell the story of Jordan, his team mates and the Bulls.<br/><br/>I'm going to break with my usual tradition and write the negatives first, because there's only really one and it's a bit intangible. Despite the best work of the producers to say that Jordan wasn't involved with the show from a creative standpoint, having his company finance it is going to raise flags as to how deeply their scrutinising their principle player. To be fair to them, they talk about his love of gambling and what he's was like to the other players on his team - but you don't know what, if anything was left out of that. I'd also say, occasionally facts are glossed over to suit narrative. I can't remember which one it was, but one of their play-off series wins was portrayed as an easy time for the Bulls, but only in looking at the scoreboard would you realise that they didn't mentioned two games that the other team won to tie the series.<br/><br/>Although that's rather a hefty paragraph, I felt that the positives of the series massively outweigh the negatives. Although others criticise it, I loved that time jump mechanic and how it was used to explain additional motivations that people had, or decisions that they made. There's a huge debt of gratitude owed to whomever made that behind the scenes documentary about the '98 team as that footage is really key to making this documentary work. (I'm assuming its all ESPN, but I'm not 100% on that).<br/><br/>It's not a formula for making a successful documentary, I'm not sure you'll ever find a similar story with exactly the right amount of background footage and perspective to make work as well, but this was a really wonderful show. Very good documentary of Michael Jordan and the Bulls' dynasty of the 1990's, with some nice visibility into Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman, Phil Jackson, Toni Kukoc, Steve Kerr, etc, as well as the people in Jordan's personal life. The intro music was fantastic and a great fit to Jordan's legendary intensity, the thing that truly separated him from other great players. It would have been better had Jordan not been in control of the production (how fitting, right?), but I always found it interesting, learned a few things, and was generally riveted for all ten episodes. The portrait we see of Jordan, flaws and all, ends up being as accurate as it is compelling. Thank you. This was a nice surprise to see such a professionally made document about the greatest team so far. People who made this love the sports and love the Bulls. No doubt.<br/><br/>Just relived my youth. Thank you. Greatest team of all times and greatest player of all times. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>Stomp. Stomp. Stomp. That's not the sound of the Bulls trouncing their opponents. It is the elephant in the room which is the editing approach. I'm on the fence. Chronological storytelling world have been so expected, if not bland. While showing the history in chunks scattered through time may have felt hard to follow it also left you wondering which Jordan highlight is coming next? For better or worse, I at least appreciate the attempt to make it fresh and original. Overall, this had everything you could want. No stone left unturned and every major highlight. The candid behind the scenes footage flowed in nicely with the on-court thrills to help illuminate Jordan from many angles. I learned many new characteristics about him as well as his life's ups and downs. The interviews with his teammates were enlightening as well as from the man himself. His obsession to be the best, no matter what, helped make him the best all-around player I've ever seen. What a treat he was to watch in amazement. This documentary was entertaining, hilarious, emotional and a TON of fun. Despite some small nitpicks, I think almost anyone could watch this and enjoy it for what it is. Like myself, I have a completely new appreciation for the greatness of Michael Jordan and the 90's Chicago Bulls. If you need to get your sports fix or just need something new to watch on Netflix, this goes HIGHLY recommended. People wonder how do winners get themselves into the beast mode? Well, by watching this documentary you will realize that there is no such a thing as "beast mode" there are "beast!!!" It is in their nature as an extension of their being; not a quality they acquired along the way or thought by some outsider.<br/><br/>Watch this monumental series to understand the mind of one of the greatest of all time, which i believe is a gift and privilege.<br/><br/>I thank everyone who have sacrificed and worked so hard to bring these series to us and to Micheal Jordan to never let go and become what he was destined to become "The Greatest GOAT ever lived!!!" What a bloody rush!!! The whole serie and every episode. This is the best Mini-docu serie ever in this lifetime!!
For everybody! The Struggle, the pain and the success...great job 2 put this in motion This incredibly documentary series follows the Chicago Bulls meteoritic rise through the 90's and the impact of key people within that squad... none more so than Michael Jordan who is the focal point of this series! Not only does it show his entry into Basketball, but how he built two successive championship winning teams around him.<br/><br/>Interview with those around the squad, people in the media at that time, and key personnel like Scottie Pippen, Horace Grant, Dennis Rodman, Phil Jackson, Steve Kerr and many more, gives detail that makes watching the highlights of historical games so much more meaningful!<br/><br/>A great insight into a player and a team which brought the NBA to the worlds attention, must watch! (If I say anymore it'll just spoil it for you, watch it!!) What are you doing here reading the comments?
Go and start watching it now! Let me start by saying that I am not a basketball fan. I am a football of "soccer" fan from Scotland, with a soft spot for American sports. I visited America twice and was introduced to the Phenomenon Michael Jordan. My curiosity was stirred. I bought a DVD of Jordan and his great career and it blew me away. What impressed me so much about this documentary was that even though it was about the Bull's "Last Dance," an opportunity for an ageing team in the late nineties to prove that they truly were the greatest dynasty in the history of the sport, it continuously reflected on the story of how it all came to be. Each episode travelled between two eras and this is what gives this documentary another dimension. It allows you to see from the very beginning when Michael Jordan became from being a great basketball player to being a true winner and a legend of the game. If you're not sure how significant that is, you only need to highlight the fact that Michael Jordan signed in 1984, but never won anything with the Bulls until 1991. The Last Dance will take you on a journey that explains not only how the transformation of the Chicago Bulls brought Michael Jordan to stardom, but also revolutionised basketball and the NBA to a wider audience around the world.
10/10 I don't usually leave a review for any series/movies I just finished watching, but I had to for this one.<br/><br/>The documentary is done beautifully and reminded me of how huge he was back then. Michael Jordan was the talk everywhere I go. And I live in a 3rd world country, so imagine his influence beyond that in the 90s, when social media isn't even around. I've been used to hearing the legend of God, but I've never really seen a miracle. For the first time, I really know Jordan. I know that there will never be a genius, only a madman who works hard. As someone born in 1995, I didn't really get to remember watching Michael Jordan dominate the NBA. My Uncle was a die-hard MJ/Bulls fan so between that and being born and raised near Chicago, I've always been a Bulls fan, just haven't had much to say about MJ other than watching his highlights and looking up his statistics. Wow, this documentary was amazing behind-the -scenes, never-before -seen footage. It takes you inside the mentality that MJ had, win at all costs. He didn't care what people thought of him inside the lines, and his competitiveness is very inspirational. This documentary has fueled making MJ my favorite basketball player of all time. Can't say enough good things about this. The Last Dance was just a brilliant documentary that not only highlighted the greatness of Michael Jordan, but the greatness of all of the other key players as well. With this documentary, we go on a journey from '84 to '98, backed by incredible storytelling with great insight into the golden era of the NBA. I'm not so passionate about basketball, but damn; this documentary is something different! I've never been a huge sports fan (I find most of them boring), but basketball has always been my favorite... this docuseries proves that it is the most exciting (at least for me) sport of all. I loved everything about the series, could not wait for next episodes to drop every Sunday. This is not just for basketball players and fans, this is for everyone who want to push themselves, who want to achieve greatness. Don't think twice, just watch this and you will know how beautiful this documentary is. Wow! This was an amazing documentary! So well put together and the way the timeline jumps was amazing! It is motivating to say the least. There is always behind the story than the media ever shares. Wonderful documentary. This docu-series provides its viewers a candid and close up view of the determination, handwork and struggles of Michael Jordan and the Bulls in the their first and second three peat. One aspect of this docuseries which I found to be refreshing was that it was not complete whitewash and didnt present the point of view Michael Jordan but was from his teammates enemies, mentors etc. Even though some of the controversies in the documentary could have been addressed in depth but overall I liked the documentary Even though I know a lot about Jordan's career, this was still incredible to watch. It was great to learn about everything going on behind the scenes. I have gained so much more respect for Jordan's supporting cast, especially Steve Kerr and Phil Jackson . It's amazing how much Jordan embraced tense situations. It's sad that this documentary is only 10 episodes. It is miles ahead of any other documentary I have watched. Everything about it is perfect. The narration, the timeline of Jordan's career, and everybody talking about their experiences on the team. It was just amazing. Not in to basketball my self, but this show is wery entertaining and addicting This is the best basketball documentary ever.
New generation basketball lovers know Michael Jordan much better with this series.
One more time thank you mike for the great moments. Sadly Im not old enough to expericne this era. But this is hands down the only documentary i enjoyed watching to the fullest, and Im not even a basket fan! That explains alot about this serie. And I made a account just to review this awesome serie. It's more than just about an extraordinary athlete. This is simply amazing to watch. In a time before social media this mans skills, energy and drive have NEVER been seen before and doubtful it will ever to be seen again This brought back loads of memories, I thought basketball was boring, but MJ caused me to watch basketball in the 90s and I loved it.<br/><br/>The documentary is amazing, so detailed and a great insight to how they are and the internal squabbles. Love the era with the Pistons, when they lost and the whole team changed their training regime, that's dedication. Beautifully captured journey of Michael's and his team's journey to eternal glory. Keeps you excited for 9 hours straight and leaves you inspired. Absolutely brilliant ! Can't stop watching. Legendary ! Totally agree with previous commentor. I have seen it. Its one of the most exciting docs I've seen in a long time. The only time I really watched basketball was because of our son who is a big sports fan. The bulls were very exciting too watch. 10 all the way!!! I have never seen a basketball game in my life.
But this is about the people.
It also avoids complete demonisation, or deifying anyone, which is a refreshing change.
Prepare to be absorbed. I never watched much basketball growing up, but played on the court in Sweden a lot because of Michael Jordan. Even though, this is the best sports documentary i've seen. My SO loves it too. We dusted off the basketball in the shed and went out after this. So sad it's over. It really captures you MJ...Defenitely it's always great pleasure to watch anything related to him....Last dance though for any 35+ MJ fan and NBA fan has a few new things to offer...the majority of the content is well know history...for younger basketball fans a great review...We love you MJ...GOAT Whenever MJ says "OK fine no problem" you know it isn't fine, there is a problem and he's going to f... Someone up. All these guys are legends. Absolutely brilliant documentary, try savour it. These ones don't come around very often. This is how you have to make a documentary. Couldn't wait to watch the next episode. Brilliant to watch and such nostalgia.
The best trio to play in the NBA (in my opinion) Jordan the best to play the game ever, Pippen so underrated its unreal and Rodman the best defensive player on this earth. Remember this team and even as a football and nfl fan I know all the names on this team, it goes to show you not only what they did for basketball but what they did for sport. This Bulls team made NBA international.
Such enjoyment to watch Very well put together mini-series with crazy amount of actual and inside footage. Very good story-telling.
On the man himself - the series made it clear to me ; all his basketball talents, athleticism and work ethic aside, his 'psychopath level' of competitiveness and dominance aggression have made him The Goat. With out a doubt the most amazing player EVER to play basketball!! No one comes close... I don't care how many rings they get...!! That's just facts , however Jordan wasn't a good person or a team player, being the best was a hard job and he did well not to crack under the pressure , I respect and admire him, but still I don't have to like the guy, I hope there is a second season!!!<br/><br/>Pretty sure Jordan is autistic or something he isn't normal at all Full of nostalgies, moments when you believe stars like MJ and Pippen are such great role models who made history. At some point all thing match in the ideal way, that if it was not a documentary, I wouldn't believe it can be even true as a story! The stubbornness, mentality and crisis management by Michael can be a guide for generations who didn't see him. A must watch series, which I will watch again and again In the 90's my best friend Holger tolds me always a lot about Basketball. But i don't listen to him, because i loved Soccer.
From the first moment, the first minute, that I watched The last dance, i had nooooo chance to do not love this game.<br/><br/>Sorry Holger!!! Just Magic, or no....Air Jordan. A lovely trip to the past. Made me relive the epic Bulls moments and the background stories are the icing on the basketball cake . Very watchable! No words! Amazing legends, amazing footage, amazing production! Must watch First two episodes in and I am genuinely hooked. Michael Jordan the man, the legend. The Bulls, Phil Jackson, Scottie, Dennis, Steve.... what a time to be alive to watch them on Tele when I was a bright eyed kid and now re-living the golden era. The triumphs, disappointments, the highs and lows. I look forward to watch the rest of this expertly put together documentary series. MJ took basketball and the NBA to a global scale like nothing before. His legacy lives on. I'm not a basketball fan, but I'm fond of inspiring stories.
Michael Jordan and THAT team are legends.
Everyone needs to hear stories like those, modern myths, just like ancient population had Hercules or Ulysses to look up to.
Watch it, sit down in awe and breath in motivation and determination. Then convince your friends, partners, parents to watch it. Great television, perfect tone and pace thanks to well picked songs and soundtracks. Unfortunately, I didn't grow up in the 90s to experience this hype and craze surrounding that legendary Bulls team and of course Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan truly is the best basketball player of all time and one of the best athlete of all time too and this show explores a true winner's mentality. Tough, no-nonsense, goal oriented, fired up, that's how MJ was what many people didn't know and that rubbed off the Bulls team into becoming world beaters and with a passionate fan following. MJ and the Bulls success truly had a global impact and shoes many behind the scenes whether in training or in the locker room as to how they became one. Basically this series summarizes everything about that legendary Bulls team and their success in the 90s. So I'm from the UK,not the greatest Basketball nation in the world but grew up in the MJ era. This series drew me in after Episode 1. Not just for the incredible basketball talent, but also too learn more about the all the players and their lives, away from the reality twisting media.
I can not recommend it enough One of the best documentaries I've ever watched. Say what you will about MJ, whether you're a fan or his biggest critic. Michael Jordan's work ethic, commitment, and passion for the game is yet to be matched 22 years after his final retirement in 1998. The Last Dance is worth the watch. Hell, I binged it in two days, and will probably watch it again for some things I may have missed the first go round. Loved it!!!! I didn't want it to end. This series is truly a master piece. When i was a kid i never had the chance to watch NBA games because we didn't have ESPN or any other sports channel that used to have the games on. I would go to school and listen to all the rich kids talking about Chicago bulls, Utah Jazz, the Lakers and others. My only source of information was the sports brief on the kocal news channel. Watching this just awakened in me the childhood entertainment that i missed. I was screaming whenever the bulls win a match or MJ score a three pointer. Michael Jordan is one of the most fascinating athletes in history. He was so incredibly dominant in NBA and the game of Basketball with 6 NBA Titles and 2 Olympc Gold Medals.<br/><br/>The Last Dance shows the mindset of Michael Jordan and in detail reveals his Strong Personality, Alpha Male Dominant Leadership and also his behaviour though the years.<br/><br/>With interviews, archive footage and high production value this documentary stands out as one of the best and most interesting documentaries I have seen in many years. To follow MJ's journey is also a fantastic historic document of the Chicago Bulls and their winning dynasty. Many strong and interesting characters and players who was part of the Bull's sucess story are interviewed which is truly interesting to watch.<br/><br/>A must see for anyone who has the slightest interest in Sports, and an homage to the createst Player and the Greatest Team in NBA History. This documentary is the background sound of our childhood days; growing at the 90's outside of the US; Israel.<br/><br/>We were waking up at 4AM to watch the games. Then go strait to school with red eyes dreaming about what we have just seen.<br/><br/>Precious gem. Super. Amazing player. Amazing team. Amazing story. Amazingly told. This documentary was fantastic. Back in the day, I rooted against the Bulls & Jordan really hard. But looking back, you have to admire them and what they accomplished. They will forever be looked at as a sports legend. The Last Dance focuses on the 1997-98 season; the final year of their dynasty, and what led them to that point.<br/><br/>The format of the show was executed incredibly well. Each episode deals with a portion of 1998 along with an aspect of the Bulls team starting when Jordan was drafted. There's an episode where Pippen was the focus, one where Rodman was the focus, one where Jordan's first retirement and baseball venture was the focus etc. Each episode gives just an incredibly interesting perspective on the challenges they had to overcome to get where they were, and I developed a whole new respect for them. Just as an example, I never understood why Jordan, at the height of his career, and with his drive, would choose to leave the game at only 30 years old. Having seen The Last Dance, I'm honestly surprised he made it as long as he did.<br/><br/>If you're a fan of sports, especially basketball, The Last Dance is an absolute must-watch. You'll get to relive one of the most incredible dynasties in sports history, and the quality of the filmmaking will have you feeling all the emotions right along with them. Enjoy! I know not everything is true.. I know they may have lied in many parts.. But Man OH MAN..<br/><br/>THIS ONE ROCKS..<br/><br/>The editing-the best i can remember
The background score - they didn't have to do much, that tantalising back catalogue of dream music for fans.
The screenplay - what seamless transition between years..
The epic thrilling games - building up each sequence is a skill which was done well<br/><br/>You don't need to be a MJ fan. Hell, you don't need to be a basketball fan.. But it sure helps if you are.. Because the goosebumps and that pit in your stomach when you go to that last epic second in every match.. Even though you know how it ends.. Just to relive it again.. Its all worth it.. Having lived the "Jordan Era" this documentary brought great memories back. This is one of the greatest athletes of all time.
Must Watch!! I was only a little boy while he was playing, my brother was watching his matches on TV. I knew him with the time. This is remembering my childhood dream and hero. Wish watch him again live. 17 years removed from his last NBA season, Michael Jordan and his historic Bulls team released their 10 part documentary on the team's unforgettable reign through the 90's. Mainly centered on Jordan, The Last Dance brings you behind the scenes of the Bulls' dynasty and through their 6 NBA championships. It shows fans how Jordan grew up and came to play the sport of basketball, his college career, and sudden explosiveness into the NBA. The documentary helps show that Jordan wasn't always a winner and had to overcome adversity from highschool to even getting to the NBA Finals. Through clips of games in his early years with the Bulls, to the last year with a documentary crew filming the season, viewers get to have a real insight on how Jordan became the greatest of all time. I feel this documentary really shows you how much hard work Jordan put into everything he did and that when he really wanted something, he fought for it at a "win at any cost" mentality. It leaves you feeling motivated and inspired and wanting the NBA to resume soon. It is also interesting to learn about the antics of Dennis Rodman and how underrated Scottie Pippen really was. It is perfect for fans who lived through it to be able to look back on the memories, and also the younger fans who never got to see Jordan play. The Last Dance leaves you questioning things such as "Could they have won 7?" and a whole lot of "What ifs..." Im biased and from Chicago. I won't expand on everything, All you need to know is that in the end of ep7 is what defines Jordan. His passion to win is unmatched. Fantastic documentary on the epic Chicago Bulls dynasty run of the 90's.<br/><br/>The last 3-4 minutes of episode 7 is the highlight, for me. This segment truly embodies MJ's 'win at all costs' mantra. His fierce competitiveness pushed teammates to the edge, and at the same time, led them to greatness. This is the documentary that has been taking over the world the last few months and I have now finished The Last Dance and here is my review for it. The premise of the show focuses on the final season of the dominant Chicago Bulls Basketball team as they went for a sixth championship, it mainly focuses on the superstar Michael Jordan but also gives some of the backstory of his teammates and the history of the team towards there previous championships.<br/><br/>As mentioned the show focuses on Michael Jordan and I thought they did a great job of portraying him, he was at the time this show was set the biggest sports star in the world and I thought they got that across really well. You really see how crazy this guys lifestyle was and how it was pretty much impossible for him to be an average guy just playing Basketball. He also has a mentality that for me was fascinating, he is a born winner and you see just how passionate and determined he is, any young sportsperson can really learn from especially the first few episodes how he became the great player that he is.<br/><br/>I also thought, even though Jordan was involved in making the show he allowed quite a bit of a mixed review of himself, you see that he is not perfect and has some issues but he doesn't hide away from them and realises that sometimes his demand for perfection hurts his relationships with people.<br/><br/>You also see some really interesting parts about his teammates mainly Scotty Pippin and Dennis Rodman, we learn a bit about them and the show does a really good job in putting across that it wasn't just the Jordan team and that these guys and others contributed to the teams major success.<br/><br/>The look in history and through the games, is great. If you don't know all the details like me it sends you on journeys throughout the games and does a brilliant job in showcasing the magnitude of them.<br/><br/>The only negatives I had about the show is that I always think 10 episodes can be a few too many for a documentary series and that is the case here, with maybe 8 episodes being a better length. Also the show jumps back and forwards a lot and it can be a little jarring at times to work out exactly what point in the timeline we are in.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a truly fantastic documentary, that if you are a fan of sports is a must watch and even if you aren't you will probably enjoy this series. The Last Dance is a 10-part documentary series chronicling the six-time champion, Chicago Bulls led by the incomparable Michael Jordan.<br/><br/>Michael Jordan's rise to stardom in the NBA was instantaneous as he took the league by storm but individual accolades didn't immediately translate to team success and like anybody throughout basketball history, he needed the right supporting cast to compliment him and General Manager Jerry Krause did just that. Insert coach Phil Jackson, rookies Scottie Pippen and Horace Grant and center Bill Cartwright acquired by trade and a championship caliber-team had been built, however the "Bad Boy" Detroit Pistons stood in their way and a bitter rivalry ensued.<br/><br/>After two devastating defeats the Chicago Bulls in the post-season, the Bulls swept them in 1991 and went on to defeat Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers in 1991 for their first ever NBA Championship. The Chicago Bulls win two more championships in 1992 and 1993, a "three-peat" before the untimely murder of Michael Jordan's father where he retired from the sport, briefly taking up baseball before returning in 1995. The 1996 season saw the Bulls returned to prominence, acquiring former "Bad Boy" Dennis Rodman via trade and blitzing the league on route to a then record 72 wins from 82 games and their fourth NBA Championship. The following year came Championship number five against the Utah Jazz.<br/><br/>All was not well though behind the scenes despite the sustained success with in-fighting, egos from players and management as well as bitter contract disputes threatening to tear this great dynasty apart, the 1997/98 season dubbed "The Last Dance".<br/><br/>A great documentary unleashes a barrage of never before seen footage from that last season, providing insights and interviews from the players and personalities who covered and witnessed this historic run. My complaints are minimal here. More supporting cast interviews from Horace Grant and Toni Kukoc who were instrumental in the team's success would have been nice and less on the 1992 Dream Team because I have seen that documentary. Nothing's ever perfect - not even Michael Jordan.<br/><br/>Michael Jordan is savage, cut from a different cloth. His will and competitiveness to win is unmatched but his methods didn't always make him likable, even with his teammates. "Winning comes at a cost", he quips fighting back tears. If anything, this only cements his greatness and his indelible impact on the game of basketball globally - and reminds a new generation of fans just how formidable and great the Chicago Bulls of the nineties were. By far the best sports doc ever. MJ is a god and im so happy i can show my son who the real GOAT is. Thanks ESPN/Netflix...Simply a joy to watch. No words to say. One of the best documentary i have ever watched. What a peace of NBA history... There are some American dramas that you will have, including the feeling that you are reluctant to fast forward at the beginning of the film and are reluctant to watch them all. But in fact, when I watch it, I feel that the plot is still talking. The beauty of the last dance is that every second when you actually watch it is a beautiful enjoyment, there is no one. With tears in my eyes, this is the best documentary I have ever seen in my life. The structure and rhythm of the documentary alone determine his success. If he does this, any slightly successful sports star will be very good-looking. What's more, he tells the story of the most charming and legendary player. People who don't have the chance to experience and love that team for different reasons can finally truly experience that beautiful period again Born and raised in Chicago and I always followed Jordan and the Bulls. . Big fan!! Watching this documentary brought back good times and the enjoyment of watching real basketball at its finest. This gave me goosebumps and tears of joy. I was raised watching the Bulls as a young kid, waking up at 2-3am to watch this live on tv (i live in another country 7 hours+- different), i remember sometimes my father heard me turning the TV on and came yelling at me why im not sleeping, i always told him "because MJ", so he let me watched it and sometimes even watch it with me.
This show just brought me back like 20 years ago, i get the chills in every chapter.<br/><br/>The quality of producing the way it builds the story is just perfect.
I love it
10000 out of 10 It perfectly portrays the competitiveness of MJ and at what cost and the overall teammates of that era. This series has brought me back to my childhood, when I was waking up at 3 AM on Friday nights to watch Jordan and the Bulls in the playoffs of 94-98, I was a 7 year old kid when I first heard of Jordan and he was my idol like many watchers.<br/><br/>TV quality was so bad back then, so watching these behind the scenes in the locker rooms, the pre game moments before the Bulls hit the court, the climaxes of winning the cups, is just amazing.<br/><br/>It felt like the show's cameras was actually there, re-filming these moments, in a way I've never experienced before.<br/><br/>I relived Jordan's transformation from a rookie to leading the Bulls to epic season face-offs between him and Ewing, Barkley, Isiah Thomas, Reggie Miller, Payton and Kemp, Stockton and Malone... How he carried the team on his back, motivated them to be the best, his dedication and desire to be the best ever...<br/><br/>Wow, just wow.<br/><br/>If you're a teenager who wants to learn about the true Golden Era of the NBA, if you've always heard of Air Jordan and never actually seen him play the game, if you want to know what made the kids fantasize about playing in the NBA, you owe it to yourself to watch this series and see the stuff legends are made from, this has brought tears to my eyes, what a series.<br/><br/>MJ4L<br/><br/>10/10 I never had interest in basketball. As a boy growing up in the 90s in Syria, I was far away from living all of these great moments in sports. Nevertheless, every kid in Syria knew the name Michael Jordan and that he's THE man when it comes to basketball, but I never even knew how he looks like. I didn't even speak English at that time.<br/><br/>This documentary made me feel so many emotions. It took me on a journey that I should have known was happening when I was a kid, but never had the chance to. With this footage with a quality from the 80s and 90s, as well as all these goosebumps and breath holding that came with it, in some magical way, it made me feel nostalgic for events and times that I've never experienced before. What a delightful feeling. I wish I could have shared these moments with all of you basketball fans out there when it happened.<br/><br/>Watch the last minute of the 7th episode. The music + the flashbacks = goosebumps.<br/><br/>PS: those suits that they wore were absolutely huge. I feel so lucky being old enough to remember him on the court with bulls jersey, watching his last game against Utah...etc. I felt a lot of emotions, tears came from my eyes because i understood him more and love him even more now. He is not only the goat but the God of Basketball, period. I love sports documentaries. I don't know much about basketball. That sport is next to nothing where I'm from.<br/><br/>But I enjoyed "The Last Dance" a lot. Very well told. The sorting of the archives, the amount of relevant interviewees and the back and forth timeline storytelling worked really well. Loved it! The BEST sports documentary ever made in the history of world sports. The amazing MJ and his bulls...love him or hate him but one cannot ignore this fella. What a guy! Absolutele gem period! This is a great sports documentary not just for basketball fans but for all sports fans. It's great to get more in-depth information from players and coaches. Listening to everyone from MJ to Steve Kerr (I'm a warriors fan) to Scotty and Rodman (who I would love to see have his own show) this was just an excellent insight to a great dynasty and the greatest coach and player to ever be involved in the game. Otherwise flawless - what better way to wrap my head around the 80's timeline - Jorden was even better than he was given credit for. The footage is inspiring and informative . This is a 10 except for my inability to really follow the sequencing - it makes sense but I am limited and needed to be coddled a bit and wasn't ( hmm lol) anyway I recommend and I recommend the whole series if you lived through this time in history . This documentary isn't afraid to take the time necessary to cover its protagonist from every angle. Adults, like me, who lived through it, still learn a lot. Kids, like my son, to whom it is almost folklore, feel like they lived it. Bravo! I wish it wasn't over. I wish some people would never grow old. His exellency Michel AIR Jordan I can't tell if it's the lack of other sports on TV at the moment, but I loved watching this documentary. I'm not a basketball fan and was too young to ever watch the Chicago Bulls in their pomp, but like many other 90's kids I still knew Jordan was the greatest and have probably watched Space Jam around a hundred times. Despite being a really enjoyable watch, I'm not sure The Last Dance is actually a great documentary. It's more of an ode to Jordan and his greatness than it is an actual look into the team itself. It's very easy to see that he had final sign off on what actually went into the series!<br/><br/>Still though, it's an interesting view into the iconic team and there is something seriously cool about watching Michael Jordan at work. I can already hear some people criticizing The Last Dance because "it can't be a documentary if it's told from its subject's perspective". While there is some truth in that, I have to say this : no matter how "biased' this documentary may be, it remains an amazing reminder of the greatness of perhaps the biggest icon in professional sports history.<br/><br/>It's practically impossible not to feel inspired when watching Michael Jordan's incredible competitiveness, his approach to the game and his larger-than-life persona as he and his Bulls rack up championship after championship in the nineties. Whether you play (or have played) basketball or not, you have to admire the majesty of his game and the role that he played in changing the way we view athletes and professional sports. Basketball would not be where it is right now if it wasn't for Michael Jordan, and The Last Dance is a fascinating look on how he managed to become the icon that we know him to be.<br/><br/>With basketball being taken away from us by the pandemic, it's been very fun to have these episodes to look forward to every week. Now can we please head back to the courts? This is by far one of the best documentary series I have seen, on par with planet Earth series if not better .
The way the story is told is genius, how it goes back and forward in time keeps you wanting more and glued in.<br/><br/>Stunning, mesmerizing and fantastic. 10/10 This takes you through the ups & downs of Michael Jordan & the Chicago Bulls, it shows their absolute passion for the game, a drive to be the best, the single minded focus to win & make everyone around you better. There is no greater player than Jordan & the dynasty that the Chicago Bulls forged in their 6 titles.<br/><br/>100% best documentary I have watched & without a doubt the best player ever to play the game.<br/><br/>Had chills & was edge of the seat the whole time. This is literally the best documentary of Michael Jordan and proves why he's the greatest of all times. It gives an insight on how the team was back in the 90s and how he conquered the world through the game of NBA. It's a must watch for everyone as each episode validates MJ'S greatness and confirms there's no other athlete like him the world. All aspects of MJ's life are touched upon in an interesting and detailed way. The life of this hero was a struggle and a war to reach the top. How wonderful role model for the passion of competition is for all professional athletes. I had heard the name Michael Jordan. That was about it. Never seen NBA nor understood basketball. But this was something else, this made me feel like I've been missing out on life. I'm born in the middle 90s and I'm glad and thankful that I've been presented the opportunity to re-live that which was before my time; what seems to be an amazing era. Amazing series. Pure magic.<br/><br/>
I'm sure as hell going to start watching some basketball. This is a story about the best basketball player of all time. And Yes, Jordan is undoubtedly the best player of all time, and this movie only reinforces this fact. The film tells about Michael's career and how he reached the peak of his career. Michael Jordan changed basketball, changed the culture of the game. Yes, he was cruel to his partners, but it made everyone better. Jordan never gave up and this made his partners better players. He changed the culture, becoming an icon of basketball and an example for millions of people.
THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME! This doc is great because it shines light on why Michael Jordan is (or should be) the undisputed GOAT of basketball and the same time one of the most iconic sports personas in history.<br/><br/>He changed athletics forever, carrying his weight far beyond the court in a time where tweets did not yet grab the attention of millions.<br/><br/>Last Dance does all that and also showcases the absolute distinct mentality you need to reach his level, while at the same time does not shy away from addressing the biggest "controversies" / narratives of his unparalleled career - the 1st retirement correlation with his gambling comes to mind. Each week, the episodes created the debate, which is a great testament for a documentary<br/><br/>The only things that perhaps stop me from giving it a 10<br/><br/>1) not sure I would've like it as much if I wasn't born in the 90s and already a fan of Michael Jordan. It may be less of a compelling watch for those with little interest in basket up to this point, even though Michael Jordan is an extremely interesting subject matter (as opposed to for example F1: Drive to Survive which is made for people who know little to nothing about the sport)<br/><br/>2) Having his last season with the Bulls as a focus is great (hence "The Last Dance") but going back and forth on the timeline throughout the documentary through me off balance a bit at times. I did not know who they were playing in 1998 or in 1997 at times. Especially when the 10 episodes came in batches of 2 (and therefore not bingeable) it can be harder to follow if you don't know the Bulls path to the championship by heart<br/><br/>All in all, definitely a must watch for any sports fan! During these stressful times this series gave my mojo back and it made me realized that 90s basketball was far more superior than so-called "modern times" without even making players look better than they already were. What I mean is these series does not try to make a point so far. You see the world in MJ's eyes but that doesn't necessarily mean that it takes sides. One criticism though: Scottie Pippen and Dennis Rodman are "almost" nowhere to be seen. When you watch this amazing and maybe best-ever sports documentary, you will understand that nothing will ever beat the excitement of competitive sports at the highest level. Yet, MJ and all other athletes thrive when they play in front of an audience. This series will help us to bridge the gap to the fall of 2021....amazing stuff and yet our reality makes us feel deeply sentimental while watching these greats from the 1990s. As a person grew up watching MJ. seeing him talk in locker room and practice or how he treats GM... remarkable This is probably my favourite sports documentary ever, it shows you footage you've never seen before and makes you look at players and the game differently. One could see sport as next to irrelevant in the grand scheme of things, but this chillingly well made documentary is as much about life as it is about the thing we call basketball. As a young British rugby player I never did team sports. Or I never understood the mentality of what it was to be part of a team. As a 12 year old all I can remember is wanting everything Chicago bulls! Nothing Tottenham (my football team), nothing Wasps (my rugby team). These came later on in life.
All I wanted was Chicago bulls merchandise. We never played basketball where I am from so I couldn't really play. But the names Jordan, Pippen, Rodman made me develop my love for team sports.<br/><br/>This documentary took me to a place that I can't really sum up in words. All I can say is that I just watched the whole thing with such a stupid grin on my face because it made me feel so happy!!<br/><br/>MJ is such a role model for kids and an ambassador for sport in general not just basketball.<br/><br/>Even if you can't stand basketball, I insist that you watch this series. It really is that good!! I know nothing about basketball, but I grew up knowing about Michael Jordan. So I looked forward to knowing more. I was not disappointed! This is a fast- paced, highly entertaining documentary. I'm not giving it a full score because if two things.
1. The timeline keeps jumping back and forth and I have yet to figure out why. You have the whole story, so why not tell it in chronological order?
2. The story is in part told by Jordan himself, which is great but it probably means that his worst critics were not welcome to contribute. That's to be expected, but something a little more edgy than his team mates saying Jordan was a bully and occasionally "talking trash" could've been interesting.
I was really entertained though and finally got to know a little more about basketball and especially Chicago Bulls. Pure magic. Impossible to look away. Everything that's been said is an understatement of Michael Jordan's greatness and this documentary is the ultimate testament that there is only one person that every athlete, in every sport, until the end of time should be compared to. No words to describe this series, the perfect way to tell the majesty of the best player ever and the way MJ and the Chicago Bulls became legend.. watching the show you easily understand why there won't be anyone like MJ anymore The insight into Jordans mind is breathtaking. Its so amazing to get to see behind the curtains of Jordans world. A must watch for sportfans and specially does who liked basketball at some time in life. For a 80s child who grew up collecting basketballcards in the 90s this is a winner for sure. I have been a basketball fan since I was a kid, back in 1997 when I was 7 years old. I've also played basketball professionally and this documentary is absolutely amazing and a must see, not only for every basketball fan out there, but for everyone.
I watched the first two episodes that are out with a friend of mine who's never ever played basketball in their life and they enjoyed the episodes as much as I did!
I honestly can not wait until they release the next two episodes, let alone the rest of the documentary! I'm Aussie and don't really watch sports. But this was an incredible and exciting introduction to basketball and especially Michael Jordan.<br/><br/>All the twists and turns came out of nowhere for me. I learned a lot of devastating things in this documentary. And I was on the edge of my seat for much of it. I think the filmmakers have done an excellent job of keeping the subject material accessible and finding a balance between action and the drama behind the scenes.<br/><br/>It's also very interesting and unique that they often show someone a recording of the other people they've interviewed - you get to see their reaction and hear their response. Jordan laughs at many things he hears and gives a very different interpretation - you get to make up your own mind but at least you hear both sides.<br/><br/>Michael Jordan himself is impressive and inspiring. His athleticism and devotion to the sport is amazing. Not only did he have natural talent but the self-discipline to work harder than practically anyone else. And while he pushes people, trash talks and can come across as cocky when training or playing, he's really very calm and modest about his achievements.<br/><br/>I admire that he saw himself as a sportsperson first and didn't try to use his position to push any political agenda as Obama apparently thinks he should have (leftists often want to pressure others to think and act the same way). As Jordan put it, Republicans buy shoes too. Sport has the power to bring people together, to ignite thousands of fans and give people something to look forward to and fondly remember. It doesn't need to become polluted with celebrities expressing their opinions in areas they know nothing about. Jordan recognises that and focuses on what he is best at - he lets his playing speak for him.<br/><br/>The structure of this series works very well, cutting back and forth between the series from the early 90s to the pivotal 1998 Last Dance series and to other key moments in the lives of those involved. We know the bulls have won 5 championships - can they win a sixth? It spoils nothing until the very end - it's very suspenseful.<br/><br/>Every up and down is made more powerful by knowing the context going in, such as controversies off the court and other personal details like the significance of father's day for MJ. And you're free to make your own judgements - for instance, was Rodman selfish and irresponsible with his antics or was that just stuff he needed to get out of his system while still giving 100% to his team?<br/><br/>I've been practising shooting now on-and-off for a couple of weeks now thanks to this series - I only average about 3.5/10 shots, but I'm determined to improve. MJ is a towering figure who I knew little about until now and I couldn't have hoped for a better summary of his career and life - it really was thrilling. Thank you film crew and Netflix for this epic series. The world needed to see how this titans played the game.<br/><br/>I have always told that the MJ was the best player in the world ever. In his time, in this time, in future, the infinite of time.
MJ thank you for the game, for passion, for love and for brand and gear that every one of us can feel like Jordan, just for a little bit :)<br/><br/>I have watched finals '98 when I was 12 years old, tonight 22 years later I was all sweating again till the ball went through the basket.<br/><br/>This is must see. This is what it means to go behind the scenes; to hear it right from the players without censorship or speculation. Sure there's a little bravado added, but it doesn't get in the way. When you find a great direction, an incredible story and the best actor for the role you get this kind of masterpiece. During those 6 years anything was possible, and the best team in history of sports was made. Thank you MJ, goat not only of basketball but of any sport ever played. This is easily the greatest sports doc of all time. It is not only a flawless documentary but series alone. ESPN absolutely nailed the writing and direction for this series. A must watch for anyone. Amazing documentary, probably the best sports documentary I have seen, having in mind I grew up with MJ and the Bulls. But the overall quality of the storytelling, inside look that you can see, understand the people behind the names, simply amazing. You can take that and apply the learnings of this film to any area where a team effort is needed. An Absolute Masterpiece! The whole docuseries shows that determination can get you everything. Jordan was a hell of a player and a person. I never thought that a documentary series can be as inspiring and motivating as this one. At the end of every episode you would have a desire to be the best at something, to inspire other people, to get out of your comfort zone and begin a new journey to achieve your new goal. When i was putting down this review I truly thought that the documentary is markless, you can't not give it the best mark. The Last Dance is a documentary that flawlessly tells the definitive story of the success of the Chicago Bulls during the 90s and the rise of Michael Jordan. They manage to get many of the players and staff that were on these teams to give us their perspective on certain events and that is where the documentary shines, as we get these perspectives we learn more about the struggles this team was facing from the beginning of Michael Jordan's career right to the teams 6th championship.<br/><br/>The documentary not only gives us different perspectives, it also tells us the back stories of key players on these teams and how it moulded them into the players they are now, with the most in depth of these being Michael Jordan's. We learn about his upbringing, his friends, his loved ones and the rise of his career. The Documentary is honest and shows moments when Jordan was mean spirited to his team mates, and the disagreements he and the rest of the team had with the organisation.<br/><br/>The Documentary tells a well a structured story across the 10 episodes by showing us a small amount of Jordan's last season with the Bulls and then flashes back to an earlier time. This was very effective in showing what the 6th title meant to the organisation and giving us a feeling that every moment the team had lead up to that 1998 season.<br/><br/>Overall, The Last Dance is potentially the greatest sports documentary ever put to screen, telling an honest structured story, that gives this generation a genuine inside look to how great the Chicago Bulls during this era were as well as the excellence that Michael Jordan had showcased throughout his career. I would recommend this to anyone even remotely interested in basketball as it is an enjoyable watch that is highly informative. To me, Jordan is the greatest sports legend of all time, everyone likes to say yeah so and so was the Babe Ruth of "insert sport" Well I love the Bambino, but for me, Jordan is the one all others need to be compared to in all sports.<br/><br/>It will be years before a larger than life sports athlete hits like Jordan hit back in the 80's He changed a sport, changed fashion, changed advertising, changed history!<br/><br/>I was lucky to have grown up during his career, what can I say, each sport was defined by HUGE legends at the time, actually dynamic duo's Jordan/Pippen, Gretzky/Messier, Montana/Rice. In baseball Pete Rose defined the 80's for me, 90's I followed Griffey and McGwire, But Jordan overshadowed them all by far, and this series just nailed the reasons why he did.<br/><br/>This series is well done, it will help younger people get to feel a little what we felt back in the 80's/90's. I'm not knocking present time, but things like this are once in a lifetime kind of events, Jordan is the Goat, The legend of all sports! and the Bulls team was a sports dynasty. It's not often a team takes hold of the entire country, let alone the world! It's like this, Michael Jordan and Babe Ruth, and then all the rest.<br/><br/>If you love sports, you will love this series, if you just grew up in the 80's/90's and not even a sports fan, you'll probably like this series, it's that good, even my 80 year old mother watched a little bit, because everyone likes Mike!....It's gotta be the shoes! Game of Thrones is long gone now, and... I do not remember when was the last time I was not going to sleep, just so I can watch the next two episodes! Very inspiring. A must watch! MJ, Pippen and the bulls were the biggest influence and role models for me in my teenage years. Following this season back then was inspiring, but the level of detail of the tensions behind the scenes was something that we didn't have access to or, as a teenager, something I didn't understand or have full interest in.<br/><br/>To see the background not only of the season, but also the background behind the individuals' drive, the motivations, the hardships.... this is just magical.<br/><br/>The most interesting thing for me that I was never aware of was the huge divide between the team we saw night in night out, and the management of the organisation (Jerry Krause).<br/><br/>If you were/are a bulls fan, or even if you are not, this is a compelling and absorbing documentary. One of the best I've seen. That's have the best form of documentary of sports
Because the interviews with player's and technical I think its a perfect documentry film. Jordan was an perfect athlete i always like.. Now i like his character then i watched this documentry..I was really impressed..👍🏾👏
But I don't understand why Jerry Krause didn't show in cast? I watched all these games with my grandma! Talk about some memories. Jordan bled that W flag. Truly an amazing insight in the life of MJ and the Chicago Bulls. The 6 championshipd... Simple as that. It makes you feel inspired and alive. A truly magnificent documentary. I'm Dutch and had my teenage years in the 90's. I knew we had this Dutch player in the NBA. Rik Smits. But he was never really newsworthy for Dutch media.<br/><br/>After I've seen this series, I think we missed something here in the Netherlands. What a sports. What a time. No smartphones, no social media, just waiting to go and see the next game.<br/><br/>Rik, you are my new sports hero. You played ball with all these legends. Let's give him some attention in The Netherlands, he's earned it.<br/><br/>About this series. It's beautiful. Best sports documentary I ever saw. Can't miss this. I would say just a word for this documentary. Amazing! Must watch. Great series (know nothing about basket). However, it is just one side of the story... I have never really connected with any sport in my life so it says a lot that someone like me who knew next to nothing about basketball finally realized what it means to be a sports fan after watching this documentary.<br/><br/>This 10 episode docu-series follows the team of Chicago Bulls and centers around the career of the legendary Michael Jordan who is considered the greatest of all time in NBA and the Bulls coach Phil Jackson as their story is told through a combination of interviews and incredible real life footage that was captured in real time behind the scenes and during the games by a camera crew.<br/><br/>Documentaries can be boring but this one tells the story with a bit of suspense and drama as it tracks supposedly the dramatic last stages of Phil Jackson and Michael Jordan's career with the Bulls when certain conflict of interests happened within their franchise as they pursued a championship so their future was in doubt. That story is told in bits and pieces as it also chronologically tracks the amazing origin story of Jordan and his team from early 80's to late 90's so it transitions back and forth between past and present leading up to the supposed Last Dance. It is also incredibly informative and includes crazy back stories about how particular events in NBA and Michael Jordan's career transpired while also providing closures on certain topics for NBA fans.<br/><br/>The footage is beautifully edited together with the score and soundtrack as the story of Bulls' hardships and triumphs on and off the basketball court tug at your heartstrings. It's a once in a lifetime story that will emotionally touch you in ways you never imagine a documentary could. You will laugh, you will cry but ultimately it will leave you motivated to achieve greatness like Michael Jordan and Chicago Bulls in that time period, aspired to.<br/><br/>If you're looking for the next great series to watch, THIS IS IT. A Near Perfect Documentary Series, now i feel the need to know more about Basketball. "The Last Dance", which came out in 2020, is a 10 part sports documentary directed by Jason Hehir. Hehir has directed other sports documentaries such as ESPN Films' documentary "The Fab Five", "The '85 Bears", "Down in the Valley", and "Bernie and Ernie" which are all part of ESPN's 30 for 30 series. The documentary stars sports icon and NBA Hall of Famer Michael Jordan along with his teammates including Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman, Steve Kerr, and coach Phil Jackson.
In 1997, Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls let a film crew with an all-access pass follow their season as they went on a quest for a sixth NBA Championship. While the film particularly focuses on the 1997-98 season, it also explores Michael Jordan's career as a whole from the time he was a high school student to the 1997-98 season. Michael's fame came with a price and so did winning. Winning was not easy as there were many bumps in the road to win 5 championships, and the quest for the sixth was filled with much more drama, stress, and exhaustion. Coach Phil Jackson called the 1997-98 season "The Last Dance" as it was thought that it would be the last time the team was together and would be able to compete for a championship with rumors swirling around in the front office and in the press that the team would be split up.
Overall, the film was awesome as sports fans got to see an inside look on Michael Jordan's life and career, and how he handled so much stress and still won. He had to deal with management, specifically general manager Jerry Krause, and them saying that coach Phil Jackson would be fired even if they went 82-0. He had to manage Dennis Rodman's crazy personality, including the time he had to retrieve Rodman from a Las Vegas hotel after he gave him a vacation mid-season. He had to carry the team without Scottie Pippen the first half of the 1997-98 season because he opted to get surgery at the beginning of the year. Not to mention he also had to deal with bringing Scottie back mentally to make him play as he was grossly underpaid and was demanding a trade. Michael was also the biggest sports icon in the world and he had to deal with all the public pressures that came along with it. All of this considered, it makes it even more impressive that Jordan played as spectacular as he did. The footage in the film was spectacular as we got to see unseen locker room footage, practice footage, and footage of the players' daily activities. We even got to see Jordan betting in a game of tossing quarters with a security guard, and when the security guard won, he did the famous Jordan shrug. The film was a bit confusing at times as it switched time periods rather quickly. For example the film would jump from the 1997-98 season back in time to the 1989-90 season to when the Bulls finally overcame the Detroit Pistons to get to the NBA Finals. It was important to see Jordan's career as a whole and how it all led to the 1997-98 season, but the switching from season to season left me confused at times. Also, general manager Jerry Krause is portrayed as a villain. I agree he was wrong for trying to split up the team while they were still winning, but I think it's unfair that the film was produced after his death. There is no possible way for him to defend himself and any of his logic as to why he wanted to rebuild the franchise. He also is the one who built the dynasty in the first place, so he deserves a lot of credit for just that alone.
I highly recommend that all sports fans watch this documentary. Especially kids, like myself, who never got to experience Michael Jordan's playing days should watch this. It shows how great Michael Jordan was as a player and how he pulled the team together to win one last championship. It gives a dive into the life of one of the biggest sports icons in the world. But I loved this documentary.<br/><br/>I remember as Portuguese young boy living the culture of Air Jordan, having his poster and his tÃ©nis shoes, but back then I was a handball player and didn't even liked basketball.<br/><br/>This documentary made me go back some 30 years and the footage is awesome, even if you don't like basketball you will love this! Great alligned series, very high quality material and great stroy.
All team and all movie team deserves a huge thanks. For a fan of any sport not just basketball, i cant believe this was over 20 years ago this happened (where has life went?) and yet Michael Jordan is still being talked about and modern players compared to him, he is GOAT by a mile and no one in my lifetime will ever be better. He is Basketball, as much as there were other amazing players before and during his career, he put it on the world map in the 90's. It's everything I ever wanted to know about Jordan and the Bulls as a teen. Brilliant series. "The Last Dance" is arguably the greatest sports related tv show of all time, and possibly the greatest mini-series ever. If you're a sports fan or basketball fan you don't need explaining why.
The sound and music editing, the insight that the tapes provide, the professionals' thoughts and opinions, the whole vibe of the series is amazing. It could get you motivated and energized for everything. Even if you're not a basketball fan or don't know much about basketball you can appreciate the quality of this show. The Last Dance showcases the importance and meaning of leadership, dedication, commitment, friendship, family, professionalism, etc. that could prove useful for anyone. Incredibly detailed and well put together, I wouldn't want to over explain things here so go watch it for yourselves! It's worth it. A perfect team, perfect organisation and perfect documentary! I was reading some of the media texts that came out between the episodes that were trying to be sensational or finding something bad about Michael Jordan and it's silly really almost insulting to the audience to analyse the same thing you're watching and make exaggerating titles or conclusions nothing to do with seen on the show. Michael was an ultimate old school warrior in sport arena and a great person outside it and because of his energy, strong will power and just being Michael Jordan he was and will be the greatest sportsmen ever. A living legend! The storytelling is superb as it pulls you in from start so much...pure joy. As a result you can see the way he did things still makes those around him not only proud but blessed that they were the lucky ones to actually do it with him. Total respect! Hats down! A must see! If there's a better sports documentary than I'm yet to see it.
Great insight into the greatest sports team of all time. Great documentary - no need to be into basketball to enjoy this spectacle of sporting achievement.
Jordan, Pippen, Rodman, Kerr & Jackson all superb.<br/><br/>MJ - was always on another level above any other elite sportsman..He transcended his sport..<br/><br/>Enjoy 10/10.. I haven't cried often in my adult life, but this short...."short" docu series got my eyes watery towards the end.<br/><br/>A very well organised and incisive look into MJ and the Bulls streak. It could have gotten deeper I can imagine in the details but then it would have probably taken twice as long. It is a very gripping view on all the players, friends and foe and their experiences with Jordan and his effect he had on the team.<br/><br/>I'm not even a basketball fan, although I did watch it when I was younger and in their hey day, and watching this certainly brought back some of that nostalgia.<br/><br/>Also Obama is in it so yeah..... I've never been a sports fan or fan of the NBA or basketball in general but I LOVE a good documentary and this one was utterly riveting and completely engaging. I've know about about Michael Jordan since the 90's and respected. I understood why his fans idolized him so much but the Last Dance was really an eye-opener to the man himself. I understood the allure of sports but it was never for me and of course I never attended a basketball game in my life but I'm thinking of maybe after the lockdown dies down and sports can resume I would like to attend at least one game. Great documentary with fantastic old footage, nice context and excellent storytelling. We all loved the Bulls and Jordan and still do. But there is a problem - Toni Kukoc is nowhere to be seen. He was third best man in that team, personally, I believe he was on par with Pippen. If he had more shots and play time, he would be even better. 210 cm, soft hand, top class shots, "Magic" assist, versatile, strong.. He was Nowitzki before Nowitzki. But in this documentary he is just not there. They even removed him from official ESPN poster for "Last Dance" and put Steve Kerr instead, which is sad considering Kukoc was 5 times better. This documentary shows how amazing MJ is, this guy is the best athlete in the world. Even Obama is in the serie. Is been a long time to be anxious for Monday to come. This documentary reminded me all the things i felt in love with basketball when i was a teenager. Hope this is only the start !! Simply great, informative and entertaining. I didn't knew anything about Michael before.
The only thing I have to criticize are the Time jumps. It goes from 91 to 98 and back and so on. A more chronological order would have been better for me, but this minor inconvenience is not even worth a star less. Why do I have tears in my eyes at some point every episode? What is the definition of 'inspirational'? What is the definition of 'dedication'? It isn't just the competitive spirit of Jordan and his team-mates (and Coach), that draws you in. Their humanity, and their humility in the face of the Greatest Level of success that a human can deliver, and endure. This final point is aptly served by Netflix's other cracking current series, Trial by Media. Sure, it's part of the deal in American Success (as is the greed of the Money Men), but even Titanium Mike became fodder for the mob. This is probably the best biopic I've seen in my life. It reminds me of why I want to be a winner, and what winning takes. It reminds me of family being No1. And of 'Team' having no 'I' in it. Bravo Netflix. Bravo Michael et al This is much more than a sports documentary. It's a guide of what it takes to be your absolute best. As Mj say winning has its cost and this documentary shows what it takes to reach the ultimate pinnacle in life. Completely unfiltered and gives you an inside view of the bulls locker room during Mjs final season never seen before. Of course I don't want these legends to leave this world yet as I hope that I can shake the hands of these living legends some day. Even though I realize that may never happen xD These men have written something in history that is so extraordinary, cool and awesome that I can only say we are fortunate that they are still amongst us to tell their story... :'(<br/><br/>At the time the Bulls started their last dance I was still an ignorant kid that loved to play basketbal outside with his friends almost every day in the city of Amsterdam. The legend of Jordan and the Bulls definitely reached my city, but I never got to follow the league and their fight.<br/><br/>Later in life I got to see some highlights, read some of their personal stories and be amazed. But this series "The Last Dance" is something else!<br/><br/>I'm only 4 episodes in and hope the rest will be as good. I'm so amazed by the cinematic footage they were able to capture back then. And the way they tell their story brings you so close to their greatness and personal battles as one can wish.<br/><br/>There are too many words I need to write down to explain how great and inspiring Michael Jordan and his team is which is something I should leave out of this review. But I feel that this documentary captures exactly that!<br/><br/>A human being can aspire to be great. A man that is great can fight to become the best. But even the best men have to hope they can leave behind something legendary. Through willpower, motivation, rivalry, inspiration, passion and very hard work Michael Jordan and the Bulls did just that. They can feel content with what they achieved in history! Now that this documentary tells their story so well, their legacy is well preserved for generations to come. These men can die in peace. Just like Michael Jordan this show is unstoppable and an absolute winner! So beautiful. This show is without doubt the best sporting documentary I've ever seen and would highly recommend it, pure class! Really want to see more. I'm not going to beat around the bush here, I'm not even a huge Basketball fan. Being British, football (or Soccer for you Americans ) is our passion and the moments and magic you feel for you're sports, we get with Soccer. Basketball isn't popular over here like it is in the states, although during the Chicago Bulls rise in the 90s, it did get a lot of coverage over here and gained a bit of popularity for a short period. That being said, my point being you don't have to be a Basketball fanatic to truly appreciate the pure brilliance of this documentary. Even just as a sports fan, you have to admire Michael Jordan, who is one of the most decorated Sports stars to have ever lived. It's fantastically made and weaved together like a lot of brilliant Netflix documentaries are, but this spans about 10 years of old footage and news interviews, plus moments which are wonderfully sewn together to form one of the best sporting documentaries you will ever see, spellbinding. As a teenager who followed all MJ's games from 1991 to 1998, to an adult who watched and re-watched all the documentaries and youtube clips on MJ and his Bulls, i thought i should know all there is to know. And boy, was i happy to be wrong.<br/><br/>The Last Dance stowaway footages for over 20 years and the recent interviews were pieced masterfully together to reveal a spellbinding fresh perspective on MJ and his teammates journey from 1991 to 1998, with strong emphasis on the 1997-1998 season.<br/><br/>Prior to watching The Last Dance, if i have to describe MJ in just one word, it was always gonna be - Tenacity. After watching the 10 episodes, a new word has emerged - Leadership.<br/><br/>That's right, already a natural born leader, over his entire career in NBA, MJ has evolved his leadership skills to such a pinnacle that i honestly believe, if this man set his mind up to become the President of US, or the head of a business cartel, or the best basketballer history will ever see, he can. The Last Dance will show all his leadership at work inside and outside the team. To me, that's what sets him apart from all other so called all-time greats. The Last Dance showed me that. If you love sport you must watch that show you will be inspired by those people the way of their life and their storys.
In the moment we all in quarantine with no sport, so this is a light in the dark for us sports fans.
From the first episode to the last you just being amazed by Michael this man is a fighter and a hard worker but also you can see the teammates who play with him, every single one of them have their story and the willing to do everything to win and what they bring to the team.
This show is one of the best show i saw so go watch this show now man u will thank me!!!!
(After that i am confident with my opinion Michael jordan is the GOAT) If you love basketball you'll love this. If you don't love basketball you'll still love this. Hopefully we can get one from the same director on the 2000s Lakers team of Kobe, Shaq and again Phil Jackson I followed MJ's career from the start of the 90's to the end with the Wizards. What an inspiring athlete. He was simply amazing. And I've loved watching this documentary showing the human side of this great man... will watch it again many time's no doubt Started watching casually and got instantly hooked! Great documentary even for people like me that barely knew about MJ and was never a basketball fan. Great inside into sports and all that is involved... As I have never watched a game before, this documentary really was my first dance in basketball. And even though I'm not American and I wasn't even born around the time, I found this such an inspirational and fascinating documentary! The non-linear build-up to the last season is very well executed, showing us interesting yet only relevant backstories without losing focus on the last dance. Massive respect for these great sportsman and Jordan in particular. Although I wish I had experienced these moments live, this documentary is the closest alternative possible! In all documentary i have seen which is more that 1000 hours this is bu fare the best i have ever seen, in every angel this is the best. Keep up Netflix hope to see like this more The last dance is the greatest sports documentary ever from the 2nd goat can't wait for that guy named James to make one I just wanna say this documentary is 10/10 documentary and i liked every second of it, you can feel the heat in the games and start pumping out, its a great feeling. This documentary proves that life surpases any movie scenario! It clearly makes basketball fans realise who's the GOAT in this sport, even though that's not even the point of the show. Instead it should and will inspire young players in all sports to strive for greatness!
Even if you don't own a TV, watch this series somehow! It's one of the greatest true stories ever told on screen! 10 stars, perfection... Simply the best sports documentary of our time. Everything about this programme is sensational & makes you fully appreciate what a supreme athlete & leader MJ was. Each episode commands your undivided attention and provides you with a mix of hilarious stories & goosebump inducing drama. This is one of the greatest TV episodes I've seen in years. Not only by their cinematic value, but also educational. I was born a little too late to witness the greatness of the Jordan era Bulls, but the series felt like I was not only a fan, but a member of the team too. The thing is, I was never that familiar with Michael Jordan's personality until now, let alone Pippen, Kerr or Rodman and usually, before watching documentary series, that is released years after the actual events, you expect to uncover some controversial details that undermine the athlete's public image, but, man, I respect MJ ever more now.<br/><br/>The series perfectly encapsulates their relationships and mindsets at that time. I knew Jordan was a living legend, but as I finished the series, now I perfectly understand why, and to be honest, I am instantly inspired by his motivation and drive as I realize that there is no "one man team", but a great team with great leader - one and only, Michael Jordan. For many Michael Jordan is the epitome when it comes to Basketball players. There are other players who defined and influenced the game, before him and after him. This is not just about MJ though. This is about the Bulls in general and their reign ... but also their downfall. This hits many aspects of what happened and how we got where we are now.<br/><br/>Not everything is being shown, but more than enough to give you an almost complete picture. There are things I would have liked to see. Like Patrick Ewing and Scotie Pippen talking about that scene where the latter walked over the former. But those are smaller moments and maybe there are bits of this but never made it to the final cut, because it does not add to the Last Dance story itself.<br/><br/>Having said that, almost everything else gets discussed. Apart from where the Bulls are now. Again not relevant to the last Dance itself. But even the "darker" side of MJ gets discussed. Why didn't he throw in some weight behind some political figure back in the day (not that he's doing it now). His remark about Republicans also buying his shoes, was very clearly a snarky comment and not something meant to spark outrage (which it can and did to a degree).<br/><br/>But MJ is still loved overall ... even when he clearly showed some mean or rather quite rude sides to him. All these things made him who he is or was though. Driven, focused and amazing. In this regard, maybe do not be like Mike. But as he says, he's doing what he does. Love him or hate him for that. He won't change.<br/><br/>Now after writing all this, one of the most important things I haven't spoken about: You have to have at least an affection for Basketball. It's hard to imagine someone hating the sport, actually enjoying this to any degree. I highly doubt it. Having said that, because there are many scenes and many highlights ... also love the depth of the intervews, the knowledge of the filmakers and their love for the game.<br/><br/>The movie is cut with a lot of back and forth, which some may not like as much as others. I knew a few things, so I wasn't confused at all. Others may have issues to follow certain moments. This is a good thing, keeping you on your toes. Getting the truth behind the "flu game" was also one of the many highlights of the whole things.<br/><br/>I can't recommend this enough. Greatness achieved! This series is a masterpiece, the story it tells is just superb. Marvel at MJ showing you why he is the greatest sportsperson who has ever lived. Marvel at the dedication and desire that was required. Marvel at the way he elevated those around him.<br/><br/>First class television. This doc made the whole thing very gripping to watch.<br/><br/>It's very well told, very well edited.<br/><br/>Flawless doc about Jordan, the Chicago Bulls and much more.<br/><br/>10/10 This is the most personal documentary narrated by the biggest sports icon there ever was after watching this you see everything in a different light Michael Jordan's way of leadership elevating his teammates not always being the most popular teammate pushing his teammates to be their best versions in his words "winning has a price" also his way of approaching his adversaries always in search for a motivation seeking targets trying to set a statement every game
It's just sad that it ended so fast I feel like even 20 episodes wouldn't be enough to display the greatnesses of this 90s Chicago Bulls Team When you think about Michael Jordan first thing comes to your mind is his innocent smile. But when you see the series you meet the real Michael Jordan who is very competitive Ruthless focused and loves to win at any cost. Truth is you cannot achieve the success without any of those. There was much hype before the release of this 10-part documentary series and it definitely lived up to it big time! MJ's last season with the Bulls was a wild roller-coaster ride where championship number 6 was anything but a given. The episodes feature all of the major players in the incredible story of the Michael Jordan and Chicago Bulls dynasty covering its rise up until to its triumphant conclusion. Best sports documentary. This documentary deserve an award. Unbelievable show. You couldn't write such a show. Everything about it is exceptional story telling. When you talk about MJ it's o.k. to talk about Rodman, Pippen, Phil Jackson. But Bulls were great team also thanks to Ron Harper, Luc Longley, Toni Kukoc... And without them they wouldn't be one of the best spots team all the time. In this movie is all about three of them. And for a god sake, why did they move Harper and Kukoc from the legendary picture and put Kerr and Jackson instead?! That's what I am talking about. Although MJ is the GOAT, no doubt! I liked this series. The only reason I am not giving 10/10 is because in the 5th episode, while it is spent a lot of time presenting the Olympics 1992 final between the first dream team and Croatia, the episode focuses on Tony Kukoc, as if he was the best player of Croatia and the reason for being in the final. But this was not the case: Tony (who I admire a lot as a player) was not the best player of Croatia at that time. He was behind the best European player ever, Drazen Petrovic, and also after Dino Radja. In the final game, Drazen played exceptionally against Jordan and he was the best scorer of both teams, and Dino was the second best scorer. US won this game because of Barkley, who was unstoppable and the critical player of the game. This is the first time that I have ever watched a documentary without skipping a single second. This is how you make a documentary or maybe it was just the Story of the Greatest Team EVER(with the Greatest Player EVER) that inspired that.
I don't usually watch documentaries and I didn't have much knowledge about the game of Basketball much less the NBA Season, but this documentary had a lot of hype and a good rating to back that up. So, I just thought let's see what all the fuss is about.... and it was a really good decision that I made to just go ahead and watch it. As I was going through the episodes, I had to google a lot of things about the game rules and how the NBA season takes place, but the Story of Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen and Dennis Rodman and the Greatest Team ever was just and awe-inspiring experience. Captures everything it should and more. Fantastic look into the mind of one of the greatest athletes to ever live and detailed background story about the organization. They've only released 8 episodes on ESPN so far for me to see, but it has been an AMAZING ride thus far. Michael Jordan and the 80s and 90s Bulls are my all time favorite, man. This footage and the way it is all set up is amazing. Also, the music adds SO much. Major props for the track choices and for composing the new music specifically for this documentary. Just like most era's they all have a star player or a handful of star players that are considered great but after watching this documentary there's no doubt that there's a gap between Jordan and Lebron as to who's the goat.<br/><br/>First and foremost, Lebron is 6'9 and like 250lbs and a small/power forward.<br/><br/>Jordan is 6'6 and was only like 216lbs and was a small forward/ shooting guard.<br/><br/>Comparing Lebron's blocks or stuffs ofcourse at his size he'd probably do well but the fact that Jordan could do it as good or better and physically smaller is more impressive.<br/><br/>Also if Lebron had the same physical stats as Jordan in terms of height and weight there wouldn't even be any comparison as Jordan would be light years better than Lebron.<br/><br/>Jordan could do it all, could destroy you in the offense and defense something, let's face it we had kobe, shaq, leonard (raptors), curry, magic johnson, larry bird, and the list goes on naming great players during those era's but none come close to Jordan.<br/><br/>When other great basketplayers like kobe or magic and knowing how good they were and hearing them say that Jordan was on another level which is why they think he's the goat....to actually see the footage and go back down memory lane and see how much of a gap there was between him and other players, even with today's generation Jordan in his prime would be dropping shots and running circles around them....Lebron is good but there's no way to claim he's ahead of Jordan not even close....people just weren't around to see the greatness of Jordan but this documentary really opens your eyes and shows fans that if you want to compare Lebron then compare him to maybe Kobe or Magic Johnson but against Jordan in terms of who's the better basketball player or who would win on a one and one contest, no doubt Jordan beats him 9/10 times if not 10/10/ Why Steve's wearing the same t-shirt all 10 episodes!!!!??? It feels weird! Great show. Timelime a bit confusing but ok. Fantastic documentary on Jordan and the bulls. The soundtrack is also amazing. This is the greatest sports documentary ever made. Period. I was born in 1996 and grew up idolizing the likes of Kobe and Lebron. They were my Jordan. After watching this doc in my mind it solidified who the GOAT was. It's Mike. It's MJ. It's "Black Jesus" as Mike describes himself in one of the episodes. Basketball fan or not this was entertaining as hell to watch. The greatest team in NBA history along with the greatest coach, greatest manager, greatest rebounder and the greatest duo in Pippen and Jordan and you get to see behind the scenes of their incredible run in the 90's. I can't wait to rewatch this in a few months! Michael Jordan is who he is but then... there is the rest: Phil Jackson, Pippen, Rodman, Kerr, the General Manager Krauss, pretty much everyone involved in the great Bulls 90s dynasty. From all sides and perspectives.
The difference here is that this is not a Jordan-centric documentary in the degree that its predecessors are. It's an attempted 360 view on what took place during the bulls last championship route. And that comes with some amazing inside footage that i had never thought they would be available for the public to see.
Also, the timeline jumps are well put together to create a culmination of all these years' success story. The opinions are split regarding the time jumps, but I have to admit they make sense as the series advances. Once you are into that Bulls 90s world, you will feel that past and present have connected and you might want to revisit or even see for the first time games of the past, interviews, old documentaries and get to know these guys a bit more and to remember the concept of franchise and the importance of the team and of the players individual motives.
Jordan is probably the champ of finding motivation even when he has won everyone and everything.
This is a more realistic and rather honest docu-series, portraying also their flaws.(if there are any!)
These guys have achieved some substantial things in the world of sports and this is a beautiful and entertaining way to remember all of it.
This documentary is for everyone whether you are 15 or 30 or 45 or 60 or 85.
9/10 Can't wait for each episode. Thank God for Netflix during this time. This is a really well put together documentary and Jordan himself is so watchable. You don't need to be a basketball fan to enjoy, it's a good story. I find myself wanting to watch more at the end of each episode. Great film making. Excellent recounting of history, the events and the characters that made it. There is onlg one MJ. All others are just not MJ Needles to say, the documentary starts well and gives a glimpse of the key players of the Chicago bulls team. It's interesting to start with but it fails to capture the momentum it needed for a documentary. At times, the documentary completely portrays and talk about just one player and how he has shaped the team to win the games. It completely fails to talk about the team dynamics, the real issues, the off the game friends from the team and how their families and relationship in real life helped them be the sportsmen they wanted to be. It highly relies on cringe worthy matches moments but doesn't really speak about those matches that were lost. It's basically comes as a rally cry behind one player and his antics with the team. It certainly does feel like it's been sponsored by the team or the players involved in the documentary. I personally feel that the documentaries point view had been biased catering to the needs of one player and one player alone. By the end of documentary every statement made by the players and journalist involved in documentary are usually praises and often can come across some movie dialogues.<br/><br/>The making isn't great either. The story telling and screenplay at times looks haphazard and the filler content in certain episodes is way too obvious as it doesn't really fit with the story telling. Can watch it once if your a fan of this particular team. Truly inspiring, very very well documented! This is just perfect, it is the definition of perfect. Incredible true story, masterpiece! Thank you for everything MJ ! The greatest sports icon of all time. The series reminds everyone of what MJ was and did, he was the global phenomenon before globalization. I think the closest story would be the story of Mohammed Ali. There are so many great highlights in this series and having Michael and other players recount these stories takes me back to those days, to a long lost love that I had almost forgotten. I grew up watching, admiring and in awe of Michael Jordan. I played ball at school and understand how hard the game is and Michael made it look so easy and graceful. He did things on the court that my friends and I would laugh at because they were so extraordinary. One of my only true Hero's and this Documentary is a testament to his determination, courage and champion mentality. I just finished the seventh episode of this series. It's pretty incredible. This series shows the career of Michael Jordan and his teammates on the international sensation that was the 1990's Chicago Bulls. This team was larger than any sports team had ever been in history - and will ever be. The documentary shows the mindset of its star Jordan - who is hard to relate too - until you realize that he is just someone willing to pay the price for greatness. A real life Demi-God, flawed person off the court - the greatest to ever play on the court. Also, the NBA on NBC was so much better than how ABC broadcasts it. This was a great journey! If your a fan of Jordan, Bulls, or just a sports fanatic. This documentary was done so carefully and held no punches. Loved it! Best basketball documentary I have ever seen, all explained frankly Good but hated the timeline jumping back and forth. If u love 💘 basketball 🏀 then you'll love 💘 this series. If u don't like it then it's educational. Kids will not like it because it has harsh 😕 language even though espn has two versions of the show, one rated TV ma and one rated TV 14. The footage is amazing even in high definition. Highly recommended. I'm on episode 4 and I'm hooked. Kudos to ESPN for putting this out early due to the pandemic. There is no way you don t enjoy this if you like this game. Also it might help to you to understand the greatness and legacy or MJ23, the GOAT. Not only being Jordan or a basketball fan, but also seeing my childhood in this documentary is so emotional, having objective and telling us the legendary times make it so special. It is truly inspiring.<br/><br/>Thanks to all producers and contributors. Storyline is very good. You can learn almost everything about Micheal Jordan and Chicago Bulls. As a person who do not know about NBA, Micheal Jordan and the championships won by the Chicago I learned so much things.Not only Michael Jordan but you see the other good players like Scottie Pippen and Dennis Rodmans life and process.Episodes are about fifty minutes which is good for a like this sport documentary. The Last Dance shows us that being a champion or continuing process is hard, you have to keep practicing, you have to focus every match. One more thing that Last Dance shows do not annoy Micheal Jordan because you will regret it later. I'm a LeBron fan, I've always been a LeBron fan, the kid of the 2000s, and it is awesome to see up close how basketball actually was, I'm still a LeBron fan 4Life but this definitely put MJ higher in the GOAT debate then before. Watch it! One of the best Netflix series out there. All the things you wanted to know about mj and his final season. Watching this reminds me that nothing will ever be as magical as watching those bulls championships with the eyes of a kid. Everybody wanted to be like mike when I was growing up. This team was amazing. This documentary manages to captivate all the drama and the amazing moments of that era. Great storytelling in all episodes so far.<br/><br/>No social media was available back then. Feels like 10
Episodes will not be enough to encompass all the moments we should have known about if we had Twitter or Instagram back then.<br/><br/>Best team I will ever see in my lifetime. Even if I have the chance to see another athlete/team in my life that is better than those bulls, I will forever be biased towards this team. Saw them as a kid. Nothing can top that. A great series who people who didn't know who's Michael Jordan was. I enjoy watching it and getting all this info. But the jumping time line is very confusing at times. Especially with players switching teams or quitting just to see them again next episode for other info some years back. "The Last Dance" (2020 release; 10 episodes of about 50 min. each) is a documentary about Michael Jordan and the Bulls. As the documentary opens, we are at "the start of the 1997-98 NBA season" and the voice-over reminds us that "a dynasty is in doubt". We then have a quick flashback as to the 5 previous titles, while Bulls owner Jerry Reinsdorf ponders "we need to rebuild", but ultimately offers a one year deal to coach Phil Jackson for "one last dance". Comments Bulls GM Jerry Krause to Jackson: "I don't care if you win 82 games in a row, this is your last year as the Bulls head coach!" Wow... At this point we are 10-15 min. into Episode 1.<br/><br/>Couple of comments: this documentary series is directed by Jason Hehir, a veteran of ESPN's excellent 30 For 30 sports documentaries. The amazing thing is that we are reminded in Episode 1 that the Bulls decided to grant basically unfettered access to a team of NBA film makers to document the Bulls' entire 97-98 season. For reasons not explained in this documentary, this footage (consisting of hundreds of hours) has been sitting on a shelf somewhere for over 2 decades but now has finally been unearthed. In addition to this previously unseen archive footage, the documentary makers also interview the key people as they reflect on all this, now more than 20+ years later. There is Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman, Phil Jackson, Steve Kerr, etc. etc. While of course the emphasis is on Jordan, his teammates get plenty of screen time, for example Episode 2 opens with a lengthy segment on Pippen's background and career trajectory (including the fact he signed a lengthy contract extension in 1991 that ended up severely underpaying him). Meanwhile, we get to see all of the glorious game footage of one of the very best teams in NBA history, and surely the NBA GOAT single player (sorry LeBron).<br/><br/>"The Last Dance" premiered last night on ESPN with the first 2 episodes, which are now available on demand on streaming services. New episodes air Sunday evenings at 9 pm Eastern. Ca't wait for that! If you are a fan of the NBA or simply want to re-experience what it was like following the Bulls during their 90s glory years, I'd readily suggest you check this and and draw your own conclusion. ...wasn't already public. It will mean more to casual fans or those that missed it. Personally think ESPNs "Basketball: A Love Story" is more informative, engrossing and entertaining. As a great fan of basketball born in '95, the whole Bulls era was quite abstract to our generation even though it was widely discussed. We needed this story to be told exactly like this. With a documentation just freaking well done. It started well but as it went by it became a kind of a tribute to Michael Jordan. Honestly, and regardless of the magnificent athlete he was, I doubt that his image comes out well from this show. Before I remembered him as the greatest. After, I am not sure. To be great, you cannot be a bully, a too much self esteemed character, rude for your partners. No matter the good you are, you have to be a good character too. For me, Michael Jordan does seem to be one. A great story that's hard to mess up but whoever put this together, apparently is not a very good storyteller. I do agree there's some awesome behind the scenes footage and great insights from certain of the principals. All they needed to do is stick with the chronology and lay it out as it happened. Instead they decided to jump around in the timeline from the early/mid 90's to the late 90's, Why they'd do this I have NO Idea. Obviously they were overthinking it and they made, in my opinion, one of the stupidest mistakes I've ever seen in a sports - or in any documentary I can think of.<br/><br/>And I am someone who is old enough to have been there for it. I believe it's much worse for a kid who was not yet born or too young to be trying to follow this story.<br/><br/>That said, I do hope they'd do a a re-edit and present the story in chronological order - I'd love to watch that! This show makes many claims, I'll get to that. But first of all; it showed me a sport I've taken no notice of and justified why I had so little interest to begin with. I am a sports fan, the FIFA World Cup, F1 World Championship, Olympics and Euro's have my undivided attention.<br/><br/>The focus is on the Chicago Bulls; how a mediocre team (or 'franchise', like MacDonald's or Subway) built a team around one player, Michael Jordan. How they went on to become the NBA World Champions 5 times. This is in a league with only US, and one Canadian team, not big headed at all, eh? A bit like the US 'World Series' baseball tournament, that only has US and Canadian participants. The World is just in one place, the rest of us and our world wide sports are obviously not on this planet at all.<br/><br/>The first claim that annoyed me? 'Michael Jordan is the most famous sportsman in the world, ever'. What? Has this obvious sycophant never heard of Pele, Mohammad Ali or Michael Schumacher?! I recognise them and know how truly great they were, but show me a picture of Jordan before I watched this and I wouldn't have had a clue who he was.<br/><br/>The second claim 'Michael was above politics, Republicans wear sneakers too'. There you have it, sponsorship and money rule eternal. Greed is king. This isn't sport, it's marketing.
Mohammad Ali spoke out, almost went to prison for his beliefs, had his passport confiscated and had his boxing license revoked for his refusal to be drafted into the Vietnam War. He didn't fight or get paid for nearly 5 years. He became an outspoken and eloquent icon of the Civil Rights struggle, later being considered an elder statesman and received by world leaders. Whether left, right, Capitalist or Communist. Why? He was universally respected for his honesty, principles and refusal to chase the dollar. A photo with him was a vote winner, and an honour. I have no doubt that Jordan would be happy to be photographed shaking Trump's tiny little hand if it sold more sneakers. He was certainly happy to be sponsored by a company now renowned for using child labour, but about that? Not a peep.<br/><br/>The documentary itself is well put together, with a lot of background and in depth explanations about what was going on at the time, other players involved, management thinking and in fighting. There's a lot of that, the word 'team' is for the press and public only. It also covers 'The Dream Team', the US' highly questionable campaign to retain the Olympic Basketball Championship. A semi amateur event at the time with only 20 countries taking part was bombarded with millionaire pro players (apparently a significant player, Isiah Thomas, was left off the team because Jordan didn't like him). Hardly in the Olympic spirit of fairness. Not only that, because Jordan was sponsored by Nike he refused to show the Reebok logo on his tracksuit when collecting his gold medal. What?! Petty, greedy, silly man.<br/><br/>So, in essence, an in depth, well written and edited docu series with a very questionable 'hero'. Surely hero's risk it all and often lose? He's no hero. But he is very, very rich. If you grew up a Michael Jordan fan, you will relish in every second of this show. The Last Dance goes well beyond the 97-98 Bulls season. Think of it as a time traveling machine tossing you to and from a decade, an NBA season to the next, highlighting every thing worth knowing about the GOAT.<br/><br/>Here is what I like the most about the show. The events depicted here mainly took place in a pre-social media world and for someone like me who grew up in Africa idolizing MJ, this show is a rare opportunity to be closer to the man, it's a glimpse behind the cliches surrounding his persona and an idea of what it must felt like navigating the trials and tribulations of superstardom.<br/><br/>This project is well researched and executed and it's got an authentic feel to it. And if my words were not enough to convince you, a galore of A-listers from all ways of life will remind you that we walked in the shadow of a giant. This documentary is perfect and well put together.Focuses on not only Michael Jordan but also the entire Chicago Bulls team,staff and management.
Gives some never before seen footage which brings in some shocking revelations.It gives insight to drama on and off the court. Its very motivating to see how every menber of team give its 100% for the last dance... Absolutely inspiring and amazing show!
Can't wait for the rest! Very interesting series about true stories basketball club Chicago Bulls. It took me back to my childhood! It was so emotional! MJ is his best days. I was living close to Chicago in the 90s, and lived through the Bulls era. The last season was the saddest but most memorible season of all. When it was over a little part of me had died.<br/><br/>This show is great, really took me back in time to experience the ultimate sacrifice and achievement one more time. Rare footage, great back and forth between moments in time, absolutely insane details and stories about Jordan from the best basketball players of that era. It definitely kept me glued on on the screen. Great insight, amazing. The last dance is a really good documentary because it says exactly what Chicago bull's get through but the reason l put 9 and not 10 is because the documentary seems like it wasn't fair for scoty pipen. I mean it says all the good things about the team and all the players except for Scotty Pipen who was the second best player in the team!! The documentary is acting like Scotty is a selfish human and in my opinion it is not much fair Might be The best sports documentary ever made. It is perfect from start to finish and really gets you inside the mind of the greatest basketball player that's ever played the game. Just an outstanding series and worth watching... What exactly is this all about? Where do the makers focus?
MJ? 1997-98 season? All the championship seasons of Bulls? Chicago Bulls history? Rodman or Pippen or Jackson's' childhood? NBA drafts?<br/><br/>Non-sense back and forward scenes, ending up with headaches instead of pleasure.<br/><br/>An ocean of unseen (and seen) stuff mixed up with interviews with no storyline and structure.<br/><br/>Sorry guys. This is not a documentary. It's a mess.
MJ wouldn't need that. I'm a sports fan who loves documentaries. This series has a lot going for it, the access is unbelievable. All the main men and women are here expressing themselves. I can see why basketball fans like the film, especially Balls fans.
As someone who doesn't know basketball I found the chronological order really confusing, 20 minutes into the first episode I stopped to check I was watching episode one, I believed I must of been watching episode 4, 5 or 6, most of the first episode was spent talking about what had happening after the Balls had won their 5th championship.
Very confusing, with some really insightful imput. I can't understand how all the ratings are so high for a biography - documentary series. With no plot. It's just the backstage of the Jordan story . It's ok worth a 7. Not a 9+ Great documentary! I had heard about Michael Jordan, but didn't really knew much about Bull's dominace in the 90's, as I do now. Looking forward to see the rest of the episodes As a huge basketball fan and a high school & college varsity player growing up in the late 80's and early 90's - I have always believed magic, bird's and jordan's was the golden era of hoops.<br/><br/>2 episodes down and am reminiscing how much fun and really different it is playing old school vs 2k gen basketball...michael jordan is the ultimate player with skills and in-game iq unmatched by even present-day players.<br/><br/>I'm looking forward to "The Last Dance" becoming the well-deserved tribute & the literary masterpiece fittingly affirming Michael Jordan as the goat in basketball. I feel blessed to see him play those games. A master piece. Unseen footage is great value by itself, but even more interesting are deep insights of that era, and of Jordan's Bulls. In my own eyes, MJ is even greater than before, more human, yet more real! This is not bad stuff.
It's still heavily edited and there's not a snowball's chance in hell that the real truth will ever come out....... but what we get is OK.
Pro Sports is the sleaziest of businesses in any of its branches , from cheating to drugs, to the maniacs in advertising who have access to truckloads of cash for the idol of the moment.
Then we have the owners, who are invariably sociopaths whose personalities only know winning or losing and acquisition of talent so that someone else can't have it.<br/><br/>With that backdrop it's fairly easy to see where the athletes themselves fit in .... they are just commodities, albeit talented commodities, who can be disposed of as soon as they are past their "best by" dates or whenever they piss the boss off.<br/><br/>And so their agents drive for the hardest bargains 'cos they know how ephemeral those talents are and how thin skinned the owners and the public can be.<br/><br/>Who can blame them?<br/><br/>There's more washed up and broke pro athletes than there are successful ones but they don't become the focus of a series like this one, no one's interested in an ex basketball player who's a greeter at WalMart.<br/><br/>So we have all of the glittering stars from the Bull's dynasty years, some angry, some bitter and not very many who come across as being fond of management, or of the overall experience.<br/><br/>In fact I don't think there were ANY of them who looked back fondly despite all of the adoration they received .The fans definitely enjoy it more than the players do.<br/><br/>After the initial glamour wears off they all get tired of being under the unforgiving glare of fame.<br/><br/>In reality it's no fun at all, you never meet anyone normal, you never get a moment's privacy and you have to watch every single word that you say , even to those you think are your close friends.
This frustration shines through in the series, more than the joy of winning the championships , because sooner or later everyone gets screwed, fired or cheated out of money.<br/><br/>That's just the way the sleazy business is... get over it<br/><br/>MJ comes across as you would expect him to, a driven individual whose path through life could have turned him into a very nasty person. But he's turned into a philosopher with a "water under the bridge" approach. To me he seems like a personable guy with a friendly disposition.
Scottie Pippen seems a little more jaded but I think he's happy that he can sit back in the lap of luxury and be appreciated for the incredible athlete he was as MJ's partner, there's nothing he can do to fix past injustices.<br/><br/>As for the rest of them well you could probably go to any Pro Sports team and find the same ruthless personalities to substitute for the backroom boys in this story.
As I said, it's a sleazy, lying and cheating business and there's an unlimited casting supply for any of the rôles.<br/><br/>Heck! even I could drop in quite seamlessly Really I have never followed the sports since I'm not an American. I heard about MJ and that he is considered a legend. To me MJ meant Michael Jackson after watching this I realize there are two giants called MJ. I have rarely watched a sports documentary that was so captivating as this one. What it means to be a true sportsman, and what it used to mean to be an American. I mean this sport and these men belong to the building blocks of America. Most of their families factually build the country. This is the American spirit, this is why I used to LOVE America. I hope that this reminds Americans that you became greatness when you come together even when you're worlds apart. You are and always will be Americans. Make America connect again. Make America home again to it's citizens but also to the rest of the world again. Michael Jordan you have my deepest RESPECT. AMEN 🙏🏻 Fantastic documentary about the bulls and his players that time
Jordan pippen and rodman and phil jackson
Amazing
I saw it all live but it was great to see it all again
Mike is the goat and always will I'll start by saying that the show was mostly good. I remember waking up at 4 am to watch the live playoff games, so it was nice and nostalgic. I wasn't a Bulls fan and wanted Utah to win it, but the show made me appreciate the Bulls more.
Having said that, it looks and feels like the show was directed by Jordan himself. Even when they try to show other sides of him, he comes out almost prefectly clean on the other side.
I especially didn't like his arrogance and mistreatment of teammates and opponents (like the way me laughed at what Gary Payton said). I understand that in order to make a documentary about Jordan, you need his approval, but I feel it crossed a line.
In addition, I think there were too many explanations about why he wanted to win (because, evidently, only winning a championship isn't enough). It was always: the coach said that, so I had to show him, or this player dared to try and win, so he deserved a lesson.
So it's a good show, but it's a one man show, and way too kitschy for me. At first i didn't want to the movie.
but after i try to watch it.from then on i fell in love with it This 10 part documentary series redefines the storytelling experience and bringing back the nostalgic feel that everyone experienced in the 90s ,iam not. I wasn't even born during that time. This documentary is something that today's people young audiences who have never seen Michael Jordan and the 90s Chicago Bulls team that defined a generation, the team that ruled the nba and the 1984 rookie that went on to become the greatest player to ever play this game. This is a holy grail for the NBA hardcore fans of this generation and for the more to come, what a better time to be alive. More than 20 years later, the NBA still has to rely on Jordan to save.LOL! This documentary is perfect and well put together.Focuses not only on Michael Jordan but also the entire Chicago Bulls team,staff and management.
Gives some never before seen footage which brings in some shocking revelations.It gives insight to drama on and off the court. MVP
Jordan was truely af leader and a star!
Nice unseen moments This is the best production i watched in a long time. There is nothing negative about this masterpiece. Addition to amazing in court and training records, we get to see the players as humans. Their feelings, their families, how much they had to suffer while becoming legends. For example; we all know how unique talent Michael Jordan is, and this show approves it. But they also emphasize that he was a real hardworking and disciplined person. His secret sessions of playing basketball to return while he was injured, how he fought hard to take just minutes of playing time even though there was a risk for him. If you really think that being winner is just about talent; you got a lot to learn from The Last Dance and The King Michael Jordan. Thanks to everyone who created this show. I was a huge basketball fan late 90s/early 2000s. I used to play different sports at school during breaks. I never really liked these sports too much. However I didn't know any better so I kept on playing it until one day when my new school year began. I saw new classmates on the basketball court that was deserted for years. As a curious kid I went from being a shy spectator to a die hard fan of the game.<br/><br/>I loved the game of basketball and the laid back, funny culture. I was playing it all the time and watching videos from local pro players and the NBA. Michael Jordan and Kobe as my favorites. Since we in Europe didn't have access to ESPN it was mostly highlights from VHS tapes you bought or specific games (MJ games) on a paid sport subscription channel a friend of mine had.<br/><br/>I always had a very romanticized view of the game. Just a few superheroes I only saw the highlights and biographies of or a handful of games a month. I loved it though it was a great time. However decades later it's very interesting to experience some of that nostalgia but from a different angle. The man, the myth, the legend Michael Jordan who most fans probably already know a lot about from documentaries but also the organization of the Chicago Bulls. The behind the scenes stuff is new and very exciting to see. It humanizes the idols to witness their their day-to-day lives in that magical era. This series is my favorite thing I've watched this year. Highly recommended. This is an excellent series. It has a tight pacing, a lot of new information, even to basketball fans. It's beautiful to me, because I was very young (18) when the Bulls have won their last championship. I live in Europe, I can remember to setting the clock at 2 o'clock in the morning, waking up and watching the Bulls play. Then finish the game at 5 and go to school at 7 in the morning. I still get goosebumps when I hear the entrance music of the Chicago Arena. It's an extraordinary feeling to relive those moments. It's worth to watch for every basketball fan. Each episode makes you appreciate what it means when my parents celebrated Michael Jordan as the GOAT; especially for myself as a kid in Africa in the 90s with limited TV access.
I understand him more than just an incredible player but as a leader, a superb sportsman, a professional athlete and all the shine that comes with his name and the greats around him.
I'm excited I got introduced to Phil Jackson and his cohesion Gospel, Rodman's other side, Scottie's exceptional brilliance and all the other greats throughout the 90s era.<br/><br/>10/10!! This might be one of the most exhilarating documentaries out there. This documentary has it all, it has excitement, grandeur, and a nice narrative. The pace is remarkable, so it does not feel too sluggish or rapid. The fact the timeline is not chronological but instead goes from prior recollection to current events (1997-1998 season) gives it a better outline of the story which I Love. Each installment begins with the backstory of one of the main 'characters', it demonstrates how past events and experiences still plays a role in the last season. Overall, I am enthusiastic to see the remaining installments. Although I somewhat know how it ends. Greatest sports documentary ever created and the last 2 episodes haven't come out yet AT LEAST 3 times longer than it could and should have been, this docu-series is as awkwardly padded as women's shoulder pads in the late 1980s.<br/><br/>Repetitively covering the same topics over and over again, it seems obvious to me, that producers didn't have enough material to fill the series' committed time frame.<br/><br/>'The Last Dance' is basically raw footage patched together with just minimal editing - it lacks a linear flow and resorts to doubling and tripling coverage of events and topics already revealed in earlier episodes to fill time that should have just been cut...<br/><br/>"in case you missed the previous 6 hours, here is a recap."<br/><br/>What a mess!<br/><br/>Let me know when the two-part four hour version comes out and then we can see how this stacks up as a documentary.<br/><br/>My 5 Rating is generous... There's no doubt that this is a fun and entertaining documentary. And getting Michael Jordan's buy-in, where you see him commenting on all of these things, is great. But I think there are a number of issues with this documentary that doesn't make it great at all.<br/><br/>1 - Is this a documentary about The Bulls final season, or Michael Jordan? The series was marketed as a behind-the-scenes look at the final Bulls Championship season, with incredible footage that hasn't seen the light of day until now. While I expected Jordan to be one of the focal points of this documentary, I wasn't expecting it to be about 90% Michael Jordan, and the rest about his teammates, the Bulls run, etc. Assuming about 10 minutes of commercials per episode, where talking about an EIGHT HOUR documentary about Michael Jordan. How many people want to watch that? Not too many, I would say. Otherwise, that's how the show would have been marketed/presented, right? And this so-called great footage about the final season didn't look so great to me. And since the thrust of this documentary is NOT about the final Bulls season, you could have done 90% of this series without needing that special footage.<br/><br/>2 - As others have noted, the back and forth in time shifting can be a little confusing, especially in the last two episodes, where there's only a year difference. Not sure why this was done.<br/><br/>3 - I didn't really learn very much about Jordan and the Bulls that I didn't already know. And I'm just an NBA fan who grew up watching Jordan. I didn't even live in Chicago. I can enjoy watching ESPN highlights of Jordan and the Bulls, but that doesn't mean I'm watching something substantive. The "problem" is that Jordan coverage has been so saturated over the years, that unless you're really going to look at something in a different way, you have very little. If/When they do a documentary on Kobe Bryant or LeBron James, you're going to have the same problem, that we already know so much about them, why watch a documentary that just regurgitates what we already know? Tim Duncan, as an example, is just as good but nowhere near as covered, and that would probably be much more interesting to watch. Just brilliant, the level of insight, the structure, fascinating and gripping, even if you don't like basketball! This is not about basketball. this is about leadership, dedication, motivation, hard work life and the love for what you do! its the best documentary I have ever seen and one of the best productions all time. MJ / 23 / G.O.A.T. I mean WOW!!!!Everyone including me thought that this series would be about Michael and a little bit about Pippen and Rodman...Thank God all the organizaton of Chigago Bulls have their honour!!!Yes Michael is #1 of this series as it should be and as a big fan of Air since i was a child i discover things in that series i had never heard about...<br/><br/>But for me is the underdogs of this team from Paxson and Grant to Phil Jackson and Jeery Crause that keeps my interest non stop...Espesially you have to give multiple respects to John Paxson because maybe without him the first 3peat woyld not be practicability...P.S Episode 6 finale gave me multiple goosebumbs but i dont want to spoil anything because is totally full worth watching this even you are not a fan of Jordan or the Bulls As an avid Basketball fanatic myself, the show just gave me thie in-depth knowledge about My favourite Player of all time and his team, and how they over came differences and triumphed. As of watched 7th and 8th episodes I find the editing horrible. First you watch scenes from 1998 then 94 then 91 then 95 etc. It's unbearable to watch. The documentary is amazing and knowing everything about the greatest NBA player of all time is a privilege! But having that timeline going back and forward so many times it ends up causing a bit of confusion in my head. I wish it could follow a straight timeline without the constant jumps.. Apart from that once again a must watch documentary! Its maybe fun to watch but its nothing but a fake story about the greatest team in nba history. major facts are hidden to make jordan godlike. he was/is the goat, but this story is unfortunatly - untrue. Great soundtrack, interesting timeline switches but great injustice to Toni Kukoc.
He was such an important figure to the Bulls at the time and ratio of his skill set and overall usefulness for team to the minutes on screen in this documentary is just insulting. Greatest European player ever.
Series has an interesting rhythm to it, maybe 1 episode less would suffice since there was some not needed fillers. Starts out great, provides interesting info about the bulls. As the series progresses however, things start to get confusing. Unless you are a big bulls fan and know the history of this team prior to watching the documentary, the timeline can be confusing at times. They seem to switch from year to year, back and forth, and I found myself checking to make sure I was watching the right episode multiple times. One other minor set back is it seemed the documentary was slightly biased. The series mostly revolved around Michael Jordan, when it would've been more interesting to see the growth and conflicts of the entire team. However, this wasn't the case all the time, and remains a minor inconvenience. Overall a great documentary, would definitely recommend but at times can be very confusing in term of chronological placement. I don't follow American sports of any kind and you you dont need to enjoy this. Really enjoyed it. Definitely worth a watch After watching this movie, I have a feeling: or the famous saying: "I can accept failure, but I can't accept never trying." --Michael Jordan. Like the Chinese women's volleyball team, they never give up and never give up in the face of strong enemies. This was an entirely uninventive look at Jordan's time with the Bulls. Because it's a story told by Jordan and only by Jordan we never get a single true challenge to any of his many misdeeds as a person. Michael Jordan is not a good person and never has been. At least not to anyone who doesn't work for him.
Lies go unchecked, stories go unvetted and we end up with a romanticized version of an extremely flawed man. We will never hear the true story of Michael Jordan who is undoubtedly one of the greatest athletes in American history. I was inspired by sports since 1979; and learned from even earlier times from my father while growing up with four brothers.
The last dance was interesting, well placed and Micheal Jordan deserves his reign.
But, what comes before you which was great, allows continued greatness. Michael Jordan is a piece of the puzzle but not the complete design of greatness. The Iceman George Gervin, Kareem, Dr. Jay, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Bobby Jones, Kevin McHale, Scotty Pippen, Kobe Bryant... The editing, the music, the emotions, the drama. Wow. So entertaining and so so so good. Even if you're not a sportsfan, you definitely will become one after seeing this. This is the essence of what it's all about. Wow. This is undoubted one of the best documentaries that I have seen in my life. Bulls of that era, were the the reason that I got interested in the NBA and started playing basketball in high school. I admire MJ's "no compromise" attitude. That is what makes the true legends of sports, and can also be applied to every aspect of life. The see all those familiar faces on a small screen, made me appreciate them even more. It was the first time that I've heard of Michael's gambling scandal, yet in all honesty if he makes all that money, it was his business alone what to do with that, so I believe if I was to be old enough to actually care about that at that time, I would be rooting for him with all my heart. I'm still in the middle of the series, and I also hope they wouldn't forget Steve's Kerr amazing coaching experience in the post Bulls era. All in all, that dinasty was legendary in so many ways.
MJ is by far the best basketball player of all times, not only by being the perfect performer, but also by being a perfect team leader. That is a simple fact. What can I say? "PERFECT" Michael Jordan the best player of all time. I didn't expect this, a great documentary, Which came at perfect timing.
I can't add much more , just watch it and you'll love it. You will watch it even if you don't like basketball. One of the best doc I have ever seen in recent years. I still don't understand why Obama was saying, is he a basketball player?
I am Argentine, I do not understand senseless racial opinion, from what I saw most of the best players are not white, perhaps he is colorblind or idiot. Both Take them away and it's 10/10. I guess it's too logical for the producers to start at the beginning and go to the end of his career. It is currently 5/9/20. It has been 6 episodes and 3 consecutive weeks through this documentary, since ESPN and NBA Entertainment is releasing 2 episodes every week for 5 weeks straight.<br/><br/>Through the first 6 episodes it has been great to get a glimpse into the mind of Michael Jordan and how the personalities on the late 80s and early-mid 90s Chicago Bulls came together to form a dynasty.<br/><br/>Mandela Sports Media did an amazing job in making this documentary. I'm sure it wasn't easy to make with a year worth of footage and legends story to tell.<br/><br/>But as someone who never watched Michael Jordan because I was born after he retired, I can fully appreciate the Chicago Bulls 80s/90s team and the competitive nature of Michael Jordan.<br/><br/>Trust me, you won't be disappointed because this documentary was on the shelfs for 20 years and only until now did Michael Jordan give the nod to the NBA to release it. The show arrived at perfect timing and I have been seeing posts and videos all over the network hyping up but prepared for a disappointment. GOD I was wrong after 5 minutes of watching I could not look away. I really enjoy the non-chronological pace of the series, it is not confusing at all. This documentary is a must-see TV for every basketball fan. Thanks to everyone involved creating the show. ... left our Jordan's game-tying floater over 7ft+ Vlad Divac in Game 3 with 3.4 seconds remaining? This series is very overrated.
I am not a sports fan, I do watch sports documentaries sometimes if they are interesting.<br/><br/>But this documentary series starts great, nice nostalgia, but it quickly becomes boring because the way it was told, it does not captivate me. After 1,5 episodes it became boring so I stopped watching.
But I am sure sports fans will enjoy it. Jordan was a great player but basketball is a team sport. I remember watching them and thinking that they would not have won championships without Scottie Pippen. Of course, to justify the show, they had to make it all about Jordan. Many teammates have come out and said BS so that is how I look at this self-centered egotist. I just started watching this on Monday night and i'm now 6 episodes in. Phenomenal viewing, a must watch for any sports fan.<br/><br/>The footage, interviews, music and editing are all on point.<br/><br/>Michael Jordan was the King of Basketball in the 90s and remains to this day one of the best to ever do it.<br/><br/>10/10 After binging the first 4 episodes, this documentary is well adapted for beginners and fanatics of this sports. Diving into one of the best winning streaks and the minds of the best players of the NBA ever had with some great piece of interviews and each episode is edited perfect.
A must watch if you have interest in the world of sports The Last Dance (2020)<br/><br/>Millions of people have spent the past 5 weeks watching this 10 part documentary and basketball fans will spend the next 5 months discussing what they liked or didn't like about it. Everyone might have an opinion about this or that but in the end, this project had one purpose which was to remind the world that when it came to basketball Michael Jordan was a God among men whose impact as an athlete stretched far beyond the NBA.<br/><br/>Nike, McDonalds, Gatorade, NBA and even USA all gained popularity thanks to this man's demeanor, skill and athletic ability. Blessed with great teammates, a visionary manager, an ingenious coach and Scottie's contract, he was able accomplish feats that will never be surpassed. The documentary portrayed him as a mean bully but it also showed that shutting off emotions and focusing on his goals made him a winner who people respected even if they didn't like him.<br/><br/>As a 10 part documentary though, basketball fans expected some more digging into the juicy details and hidden truths that were never before released to the public. Unfortunately, asides from a few stories, nothing new was shown. Whenever some edgy point was brought up, it was immediately swept under the rug. It didn't take away from the overall enjoyment but it made the experience slightly unfulfilling not to mention the undeserved treatment that some people have received.<br/><br/>At the end of the day Michael Jordan might not have been the best all around person with his gambling and general attitude but he was a phenomenal athlete not just in basketball but in all of sports. Despite not being a good player in his young age, he worked and worked and worked to get to the top. Regardless of who your favorite player or team is, you can't help but be in awe of his and the Bulls' greatness. While light on controversies and high on praise, this documentary will go a long way inspiring adults and children to play sports and become winners in life. Episodes 1 & 2:
A little slow because they setup the overall story for the series and spend a lot of time on biographical information about Michael Jordan which has been heard, seen, and read in many other places since his retirement. Well produced episdodes, but nothing terribly unique about the presentation nor the content.<br/><br/>Episodes 3 & 4:
Far more interesting. We finally get some new perspectives, reactions, revelations, and a lot more of the touted "never before seen" footage that was promised at the start of the series. If all subsequent episodes are as good as these two then the series is an easy recommend to any basketball fan.<br/><br/>Very much looking forward to the next set of episodes. First of all I am and was the biggest Jordan fan during that era. I had posters, jerseys, trading cards, video games, etc of Michael Jordan on the cover. But the more I watched Michael the more you question his pureness to basketball ( I was 12 when he retired from the Bulls in 98 so I didn't question anything) in which he was willing to do whatever it takes to win. That can be a benefit and a detriment at the same time in how fans can view an athlete as a "good guy" vs a bad one. Some things I even question more now after this is Michael's father's death... I hate I feel this way but his gambling was getting a bit out of control to the point he was probably dropping millions in a short time frame... Queue the mafia plotline... And his infamous flu game in which the more I look at it the more a massive hangover makes the most sense... Drink too much, get hungry, followed by eating way too much before bed. We have all been there before so I don't by the food poising and having 5 people show up at the hotel to deliver one pizza (players use alias' to protect themselves from unwanted attention and Jordan would have been a pro at this going into year 14). Overall love the content but the Krause villain take never really had a climactic point for me it was just merely there and reared its ugly head early in the documentary but in the end Jordan was great and will always be great for what he did on the court and for the world by presenting some of the most dramatic and awe-inspiring performances we will ever see. For someone who wasn't even born when Michael Jordan took over the world, it is truly fascinating to see how one man caught everyone's attention with his skills.
I don't know a thing about basketball and I enjoy this nevertheless. There's certainly insight but the series is an over-dramatic ode to Michael Jordan. I get he was incredible but there's a lot of repetition in each episode and the timelines flip in and out of decades causing confusion.
The really irritating part was when they do a half-biography of another Bulls player and then flip the attention back to MJ as your getting to know the other members of the team. You definitely don't need to watch the whole series. I just wasted 2 hours of my life watching a documentary where nothing important happens.
As a documentary film maker please TRY to find an angle.
The guy who only made 18 million dollars when he could have made 180 million was mildly interesting.
Turns out he signed a long time contract so everything was as it should, no controversy.
REALLY? Why would anyone watch this? Being from Chicago, I remember all the greatest of the NBA and getting to see Mike every game. After 4 episodes, this was a straight 10/10, then ESPN decided to put politics into in episode 5. Why?!?! This was amazing and brought me back to when the NBA was fun. Nice job, clowns. Can you PLEASE make something that doesn't chastise a man because he wants to just be a ball player??!!
Leave it to ESPN and Netflix to sour what should be an amazing recollection into their politics.
Jordan: 10/10
ESPN: 2/10 Great documentary. so much i didn't know. lots of goosebumps moments. i've come to realize that having #23 on my team was basically cheating. he's absolutely amazing. THE GOAT. lebron garbo (1 viewing, 5/2020) It is very enjoyable,I could easily binge watch it, I love basketball. But it is a series of interviews and old videos, it wasn't that hard to make like Planet Earth, it is not a masterpiece and it is about a game.... A good watch filled with anecdotes about the career of Michael Jordan. Michael had a premonition about the way people would view him after this documentary. He was spot on with his pre-release prediction. Absolutely spot on !!<br/><br/>I believe M.J. lessens his own legacy when he denigrates players he faced as much less skilled than him or easy to overcome, like Gary'The Glove' Payton.
If it was so easy to defeat them then perhaps his career was NOT so spectacular. Many of his opponents weren't really a challenge, according to him. He owned them whenever he so chose to own them...yawn, nothing to see here, easy peasy, no challenge, a walk in the park,,,,,
So, with his own declarations, he lowers the mountain he had to climb to achieve the summit. We thought he climbed Mt. Everest six times, but apparently we were mistaken, and he only had to stroll through a day-hike to the summit of 'Half-Dome' six times.
It always amazes me that so many sports figures use this exact same 'braggadocio' to describe their own achievements.
Trying to talk themselves UP and they are actually talking themselves DOWN.
If it's easy it's not an achievement, Mr. Jordan. I enjoyed the series very much. Seeing the inner workings of this team was very interesting. But one of the downfalls for me was Michael Jordan's terrible language. I played team sports so I know about swearing, but he was much more foul than I could've ever expected. Now being a Utah jazz fan, the final two episodes were painful to watch but MJ was the best ever. He had the killer instinct that no one has even come close to since. Sorry Kobe or LeBron fans. One curious omission was why no interviews with Karl Malone. The only reason I can think of is MJ was still, after 20 years, feeling slighted for The Mailman winning the MVP. By the way, MJs last shot is still called The Push. Truly outstanding and gripping documentary showing the trials and tribulations of the Greatest Basketball player to ever grace the game, a rare insight into what made Michael the man he was. Sports fans are blessed to see the genius of MJ on the basketball court as they only come along once in a lifetime! Entertaining but ultimately just a Jordan puff piece. More concerned with trying to prove his greatness than talking about real basketball or representing any of the games or series in a well rounded factual way... I found it hard to follow because I don't know the players. It would've been perfect if it was in chronological order but it's fine. I hate this show ðŸ˜¡ . Because it is about the same shait all over those 10 hrs and that is BULLS I am not the biggest basketball fan and I was not alive to see Michael Jordan play, so I don't think it is as interesting as for me as it is for others (My parents were bigger fans of it than me).
The series mostly focus on Michael Jordan for he is the most famous and has had the greatest impact on our culture. Jordan has one of the most admirable work ethics of any athlete ever, and his philosophy of never settling for failure, is inspiring. The series offers an honest look at Michael Jordan, he is not perfect, but another admirable quality is never letting his critics change who he was. Jordan is cocky and maybe has a life style that includes too much gambling, drinking, and smoking. Michael Jordan always did what he wanted, and did not let people boss him around.
For me the series offered me a look at area of sports I was not that well informed on and gave a clearer picture of the Bull's dynasty. I loved the style of simultaneously showing the end and the beginning of their success.
This was a great documentary on the Bulls and Basketball and Michael Jordan. It was about Michael Jordan the person, the athlete, the product, and the cultural icon. Objectively it was very well made, but I am not fully drawn in because it is not something that holds as much value to me as anyone who grew up in the 90's or anyone who is a larger basketball fan than me. Though it never alienated anyone who has no interest in basketball, and draws in fans even more. This would have made a very compelling 90 documentary, but stretched out over 10 episodes proved dull as dishwater for me. I'm neither American nor basketball fan and didn't require several hours of archive footage and interviews to deduce that MJ was massively driven and gifted player.<br/><br/>The way the timeline jumped back and forth was really annoying as it worked towards an ending that could only be an anticlimax as we all knew what would happen at the end. It also has to be said that Jordan came across as a control freak and a bit of a bully but I suppose the Bulls would not have been as successful if that hadn't been the case, eh? I love MJ. He may be the best or at least popular Basketball player of his generation. I mean, I'm from Montreal Canada. We never had a Basketball team. I never watched a Basketball game, but nonetheless everybody knows who MJ is. If I ask any non-basketball fan around to name me basketball players, they'll all probably say MJ and no one else. The thing is, should we rate MJ or the documentary? I think we should review the latter.<br/><br/>I'll start by stating some good sides:
<ul><li>I love that MJ is the focus of the show. I love MJ. Turns out he seems like a real modest guy today despite being very competitive and high profile when he was playing basketball.</li><li>The series went generous with the basketball replays and I love it. I like sports, so I'd say I enjoy as much seeing a lot of replays of a championship series match by match even more than facts simply being told. Loved it.</li></ul><br/><br/>Now onto my biggest gripe: The title.
The "Last Dance" is about MJ's last season with the Bulls in 1998 before the team says goodbye to their venerable players and "reconstruct". However, this "Last Dance" is only really covered in the last episode. Every other episodes, the "Last Dance" is annoyingly teased out to the viewer for about 5 minutes before a decade length flashback.<br/><br/>Example: during the last season, Pippen is angry to the General Manager and wants a better contract, then Flashback to like 1989 and then the whole episode speaks about Pippen's rookie season and how he went into the NBA. At the last minutes of the episode, it jumps back to 1998 and then we get teased again about this infamous last season. "Oh, this last dance is coming, you're gonna see!". Then the next episode, it flashes back AGAIN and focuses on another player. This goes on for like 7 episodes.<br/><br/>It's not that the facts are uninteresting, but it's just that every time it did that, it felt to me like they were feeding me some "trivia" to fill episodes. I don't mind knowing a bit about every player but really spend whole episodes on them? So again, it is misleading. MJ's the real star, but let me tell you about every key players of the Bulls for like 5 episodes before we jump to the cool stuff.<br/><br/>In the end, I think this documentary was okay. I loved that they showed tons of replays. Some trivia were nice, but some other felt unnecessary. I wish it was shorter, and that it focused more on the last season than going with even more lengthly introductions and flashbacks. I think this documentary is a little overrated because it doesn't show anything we didn't already know. That said it is cool to see the little behind the scenes they got. If you are an avid Bulls fan I'm sure this hit a little different for you or if you were around during Jordan's prime but I was born in 1990 and wasn't a big basketball fan in my youth. Certainly worth the watch though. Just hearing of that game where Pippen walked out on the team during the playoffs made this worth it to me. That's crazy. I can't believe how much respect he still gets after that. He redeemed himself during the 6th finals when he played injured but still. What a selfish move. Michael Jordon is no doubt the greatest Basketball player of all time. BUT he would have never had the success nor would have the Bulls without the remarkable Scottie Pippin. He was not only and outstanding player, but he kept the team motivated and he gave Michael the support he needed to do his "thang". It is disgraceful in the way his teammates and coach ignored his contribution and not support him. Don't blame Scottie for a thing he did, I do blame Coach Jackson, Jordan and the rest of the team for not fighting for their teammate. They lost their greatness by leaving a man behind.