I highly recommend this show. I don't want to compare it to any other show but it reminded me of Twin Peaks in terms of its darkness. Each episode raises audiences' suspense, which is a good thing. However, you should note every character's name on a paper, prepare a family tree otherwise it will be harder to remember. Great show!! We were in awe of how well the different ages were cast... they looked so like each other. Even when old Ulrich was introduced we were shocked it was a different actor and not the original with make up! Well done! Insanely good, every episode shocks you in ways you never thought was possible. The constant gripping revelations were so unexpected but tied the story so well together. Exceptional and convincing acting skills by the entire cast and tons of heartfelt scenes between different character dynamics. This show is the perfect epitome of a well thought out show that knows where it's trying to advance it's story. Perhaps one of the best TV shows of our time. Cannot wait for the next season! This show is the best thing Netflix has done. It is an absolute masterpiece of story telling. Two years ago when this show debuted, I was absolutely captivated and found season one incredibly intoxicating and compelling. Many shows try to capture this series theme, but many fail to execute it as well as Dark does.<br/><br/>I believe Dark does it so well because the characters are so emotionally grounded. The writer's didn't overlook the shows characters and have special places for each one.<br/><br/>For those like me that love the concept of time travel and paradoxes, this show is like a stimulant to the brain and tickles your mind. It's mental munchies and also serves as mental foreplay.<br/><br/>Season 2 finally scratches that itch at the roof of your mouth that for so long, your tongue couldn't quite reach.<br/><br/>This season proves that the writer's know exactly what their doing. The way this show deals with the "time-travel paradox" is utterly flawless. I realize how hard it is to get it right and not have so many plot holes and terrible plot devices and that's why I appreciate this show so much.<br/><br/>Dark is on another level than anything I've ever seen before!<br/><br/>This series is a masterpiece, there's no doubt about it. It provides an incredible reward for viewers that love celebral shows that refuse spoon feeding the audience and also satisfies the viewer by addressing the questions you have by answering them, and then raising many more with twist after twist, reveal after reveal.<br/><br/>I now fear I will fall into the inevitable show hole because really, where is there to go from here; devouring this exceptional series. It raises the standard of quality among TV and sits amongst the top.<br/><br/>I'm in love with the storytelling and how it engages us to think about all the connections and guess what's what, and even if you may predict something, the show then blows your mind.<br/><br/>I applaud the writers of this series for not only getting this theme so right, but imo, also perfecting it and upping the ante for shows to come. I only hope this show serves as inspiration for creators.<br/><br/>After season 2, Dark has officially become one of my favorite shows and bravo to Germany for producing this groundbreaking hit.<br/><br/>Those that have doubts that it will not live up to the quality of season 1, fear not! The second season has a faster pace and expands on what's so very intriguing. That's what this show does so well: it's intriguing as ever to the very end!<br/><br/>
After witnessing how well the writers deal with every loose thread this season, I have great confidence that they will meet, my now, high expectations with the third and final season and tie it up nicely for fans satisfaction.<br/><br/>10/10<br/><br/>2019 has produced truly great shows and Dark is amongst the top. This is quite possibly the greatest show I've ever known to exist. It's just so pure. Every scene is saturated with substance. It's actually so good that I won't binge watch it. I take in each episode (possibly without blinking) and savor each experience. I'd write more, but my mind is seriously blown. This feedback is currently based on the first 10 episodes of season one (still watching the series as we speak), and to be honest it made me downgrade my rating for 'Stranger Things' quite a bit. It's clear that this series is the child of a genius - everything just works. The acting is great, the cinematography is great, the soundtrack is awesome (reminds me of Klaus Schulze at times), and the story-line is mind-boggling. This series is just miles above anything that leaves Hollywood. Wish that all productions could be like this. Thanks Netflix for bringing this awesome series to me screen. Say bye-bye to public television! I see a lot of people are comparing this show with ST, well, they are nothing alike. Both the shows have different story lines and elements. Time travel is not same as entering a parallel dimension. Dark is much more deeper and complex than ST. They have taken their own time to build each character and that too through different generations and the way they have connected the characters is mind blowing. ST felt like every other show with a simple story line and nothing much over to think over while Dark is on a different level when you compare the depth of the stories and characters. The show can be rather slow and can often feel like it's going to take the approach of lost leaving questions unanswered, but it does all lead somewhere and it's an intriguing time travel thriller/mystery with some amazing performances. The show drags at times but the script and the actors more than make up for it. <br/><br/>One word of caution though. Do not watch the English dub. It's terrible. It feels like amateur, emotionless actors reading a script for the first time. If you're not watching the original German dub then you're doing yourself a massive disservice. <br/><br/>Was really surprised to see critics giving it such low scores and comparing it to Stranger Things. I don't see any connection or reason to compare it to Stranger Things. The closest I can come up with is that is reminds me of the eerie feeling of Donnie Darko. It's totally a high end series which can compete with some other Netflix shows.<br/><br/>The pace and jumps between story arcs is excellent. I was hooked from the beginning to end. 9/10 I tired to watch this with the English dub but it was just terrible. It's the only show I've ever given a chance in a foreign language and I don't regret it. If you're the kind of person who watches shows with subtitles anyways then this is for you. It just hits the spot in every way you can imagine. Amazing writing, acting, great plot, and leaves you mind blown. I rarely write a review but this is truly a masterpiece. Excellent storytelling without holes in the plot or weird artifacts to fill a gap. You can see how hard the writers worked to create a coherent story. Keeps you intrigued the whole time.<br/><br/>The best part is that season 2 is as good as the first one. Take that HBO!<br/><br/>One of the best shows I've seen in a while. Kudos Netflix and keep up the good work! Sorry I can't express my feelings after watching season 2 , it's masterpiece I am serious!<br/><br/>This show will be talked about for years and years.<br/><br/>And imagine it will be one more season of this!!<br/><br/>If someone can top this in this genre - I will definitely give it 11/10
(Sooo - not possible) I can't agree with the reviewer before me. They are not trying to copy Stranger Things, and I don't want to go into 'copying' at all - because Stranger Things has parallels to a few games, movies and books that have been popular before it was even in the making.<br/><br/>'Dark' is slow paced in the beginning, but it keeps you on the edge of your seat. It is tense, the cinematography and acting is great. There is so much more depth to it than the mentioned Stranger Things. It's not bloated with special effects and didn't have a Hollywood budget. This is how TV should be. It has got a Donnie Darko feeling to it.<br/><br/>I guess the majority of people complaining about the pace would also complain about Blade Runner 2049 or Interstellar...so please, just stick to Marvel movies. :) People are instantly put off watching Dark by the most ridiculous of stigmas - subtitles. Entirely produced in German, viewers use the feeble excuse of "I don't like reading and watching at once" as a valid argument for why they don't watch something like this. I will say now, that if this is your reason for not continuing with this show, then you are an idiot. Dark is some of the most gripping, most shocking and most amazing television I have ever seen; to compare it to another show, it gives me the same feeling of anticipation as Game of Thrones did back in the glory days. The only reason I haven't given it a 10 is because the third and final season is yet to be released, but I don't think this show can put a foot wrong.<br/><br/>The story starts simply enough, but it spirals and develops like nothing else: in the small German town of Winden, the disappearance of a child rekindles memories of a similar incident 33 years before. Embroiled in this story are four main families, each with their own secrets to hide and motives to act. At the centre of it all is a mysterious cave, a nuclear power plant, and a time-traveller who brings more questions than answers. This, however, is not a sci-fi heavy, pothole-riddled story, but a genuinely brilliant drama about family ties, and their effect on the past and future.<br/><br/>Time travel is often overwrought in cinema, struggling with clashing alternative storylines and people's actions not making any sense. Dark is magical in that this isn't an issue, and altering the past isn't something the show leans on for shock factor. Instead, the real mysteries are all in the present, and people's backstories are crucial in understanding the overarching plot. No character is wasted, and no conversation or action is not carefully considered in the grand scheme of things.<br/><br/>The acting is phenomenal, and arguably the best I have ever seen in a large-scale production. This German cast should be internationally renowned, as every character (from the children to the elderly) is exceptionally cast and portrayed. My personal favourite would have to be Oliver Masucci (Ulrich), an unwavering but troubled policeman at the heart of the issue, but completely without answers. The resemblances between future and past selves is uncanny; the person responsible for casting each character should be given a knighthood, as this quality creates a cohesion between time periods that is so often unattainable.<br/><br/>One of the most underrated qualities of Dark (and an issue that American/British productions are routinely guilty of) is that the characters themselves are not annoying. Let me reiterate this: when one character has information that another would benefit from, or if there's a general consensus that for safety, people should know something, they tell one another. Mother knows something dark about their husband? They tell their kids. Police officer working outside the parameters of the job finds a lead? They let their partner know. This is what's necessary to elevate television from decent to truly believable - scriptwriting that makes sense.<br/><br/>The music, cinematography and period clothing is amazing, but almost goes without saying, given Dark's overflowing quality. No timeframe looks inconceivable, and the devoted set design means different iterations of buildings and characters look as you would expect. There are two integral pieces of music: one a piercing violin piece for the shock factor, and the other a Eurotrash record that becomes foreshadowing background noise. The production does use some CGI, but sparingly, a mercy that several other big-budget pieces could have learned from. By not overusing the effects, they are spectacular when you do finally see something revelatory.<br/><br/>Dark should be Netflix's giant killer show alongside Stranger Things, but the stubborn nature of the average audience member means this show has become under appreciated. Regardless, I defy anyone to not enjoy this programme for its brilliance; I am yet to see something alternative that would rival what I have just watched. The final season arrives in 2020, and I firmly believe it will be some of the best television ever broadcast. Personally, I cannot wait. In all my series and movie watching years I have never seen a serie so well thought through as this. Don't let the language barrier stop you from watching this. Acting and character building are superb. Hint: grab a pen and some paper and keep track ;)
Also there is totally no comparison to Stranger Things (and I have seen all 3 seasons) This is in a league of it's own entirely. Well done! Netflix more of this please!!! So I don't know how that's possible, but this season is even better than the previous one. OMFG it's truly a masterpiece! Can't say more, I'm still in shock The story, the mysteries, the characters all were mind blowing. I had brain orgasm watching. Giving it below 9 rating should be a crime. Trust me, this series is one of the finest that I have seen in my life. You really need to watch each and every scene closely and keep track of all the characters.
Though, it is gonna mess up with your mind because of it's complexity, but the writing and direction is so excellent that all your questions will be answered eventually. 10/10 to director for executing such a complex story in such a magnificent way. Do yourself a favour by watching it in German as acting is just top notch by all the characters. Changing the audio would kill the mood.
I thought season 1 was too good for your eyes to see but seaaon 2 just blew my mind.
If you are a fan of movies such as Shutter island, The prestige, Predestination etc. then just go and watch it. This is gonna surprise you in a big way. How is this show only 8.7/10 ??<br/><br/>If I can give it an 11/10 I totally would without hesitation, possibly the best show I've ever seen Dark is truly a near perfect show. It's plot twists and revelations are of the same frequency of LOST, and probably better quality too. This show is the perfect length, not conforming to American TV 22 episode shows, and it keeps you hooked from beginning to end.
The casting of this show is probably my favourite bit. They manage to easily take us from one time period to the next with versions of characters that look the same. They must have gone through tons of actors to find the right one, but I can't really fault them.
I highly recommend Dark, out of all the shows on TV right now, it is the very best and probably is up there amongst best tv shows of all time. I don't care what anyone says: IT IS NOT THE GERMAN VERSION OF STRANGER THINGS!!! It is even better. Abdolutely tremendous show! Original and keeps you hooked throughout.
The characters are so complex and the acting is excellent.
One of the best shows I have seen.
Can't stop recommending it to family and friends. Love it. Dark is one of those audio-visual storytelling lightning strikes. Intelligent and immaculate on paper, careful and precise in execution, and a sensory feast to watch and listen to, this is one of the best things you will find on Netflix right now (streaming in general is becoming the haven for great, original content). To do justice how elaborate it is, I must spoil some things that are best left a surprise for new viewers, so read this at your own peril.<br/><br/>Oft labeled a "German Stranger Things", this is something entirely else; a painstakingly crafted science-fiction narrative where the rules stay intact through even the most confusing time loops, and all the dozens of characters, each played by three actors tops, are fleshed out over the span of 66 years (initially) and display faults which make them hard to like but easy to identify as human beings. My only complaints involve expository dialogue concerning their relationships, but frankly, we may have been at a loss without them.<br/><br/>We begin in the year 2019, in the small town of Winden; a seemingly wholesome community with secrets beneath its surface. A man has mysteriously killed himself and a child has gone missing in the woods, not far from the shady nuclear power plant. Soon thereafter, so too does little Mikkel (Daan Liebrenz), the son of local policeman Ulrich Nielsen (Oliver Masucci) and school principal Katharina (Jördis Triebel), go missing near that same spot. Precisely 33 years ago, we learn, something similar happened to Ulrich's younger brother. Something else that happened in Winden 33 years ago, curiously, was the appearance of a small child who claimed he was from the future.<br/><br/>This is barely the beginning of what this show is about; no individual plotline is inessential filler, as they all concern how humans evolve and connect with one another over decades, thereby all serving the overarching themes. Police officer Charlotte Doppler (Karoline Eichhorn), a colleague of Ulrich, begins to suspect her husband Peter (Stephan Kampwirth) is involved with the disappearances, as might her demented father-in-law (Herrman Beyer), once employed by the plant. Young Jonas (Louis Hoffman), the traumatized son of the man who hung himself, investigates the enigmatic cave where Mikkel was lost. Jonas' mother (Maja Schöne) has an affair with Ulrich, seemingly attempting to fill the void, although there is far more to that particular story.<br/><br/>Jonas crushes on Mikkel's big sister Martha (Lisa Vicari), who discovered a new lover in Bartosz (Paul Lux), son of power plant director Aleksander Tiedemann (Peter Benedict), while Jonas was going through rehab after his father's suicide. There is also Mikkel and Martha's brother Magnus (Christian Hutcherson), who takes an interest in Franziska Doppler (Gina Stiebitz), daughter of Charlotte. A shadowy Stranger (Will Bienbrink) comes to the hotel of Aleksander's wife Regina (Deborah Kaufmann), who had her own drama with Ulrich during their tweenage years. Regina's mother, once in charge of the power plant, is presumed dead. While this is all happening, an ominous figure named "Noah" is alluded to, his Biblical moniker not accidental; Charlotte's mute daughter (Carlotta von Falkenhayn) is seemingly the first to notice his presence. I still feel like I've only started, although in spite of providing a spoiler warning, I shall give no more ties away.<br/><br/>I would, if possible, erase the show from my memory just so I can experience it for the first time again; how it unfolds, how all the connections reveal themselves, and how each piece is in place by the end, albeit with new riddles for next season. I suppose I can mention the existence of a secret portal; a link between the years 1953, 1986, and 2019. I can also tell you that the show seems to work according to the "preordained time" rules. There are several time loops that suggest each journey to the past was meant to be. Destiny, nature vs. nurture, and man's free will (basically all those difficult questions which only the least knowledgeable of humans claim to have the answer to) are avidly discussed, particularly amongst The Stranger and clockmaker-turned-author H.G. Tannhaus.<br/><br/>The eras also seem to be synchronized in terms of time passage. Translation: If you go to the year 1986, and remain there for, say, an hour, an hour will indeed have passed when you return to 2019. You cannot elect to return to the same second of 2019 that you left, for example (the characters can, at first, only travel precisely 33 years back or forth in time, hence we initially avoid such common questions as "Why don't they go to this date?"). When 33 years have passed in the 50's storyline, said storyline will obviously have reached the "start" of the 80's storyline, just as the 80's storyline will have reached the "start" of the 2019 storyline; the date of the cataclysmic event that connected the different time periods (sort of). If each story/time period is represented by a straight horizontal line on a piece of paper, that then continues on the next row and so logically becomes the "next" storyline, the event that creates the bridge could be visualized as a vertical line, crossing all three of the other lines, connecting with each at the exact same point. The event occurs every 33 years, but due to the time link, these instances are also simultaneous. Confused? Most likely, but the immense thought put into how the time travel functions is certainly worth noting - and this is all just season 1.<br/><br/>My point is this: there are several shows and films where you're encouraged not to think too hard about the time travel logic. Even in my glowing review of Back to the Future from four years ago, I noted that the films succeed mainly in terms of story beats, character development, and emotional resonance, while ultimately not being wholly consistent with its time travel rules. With Dark, it is actually rewarding to think about the logic.<br/><br/>This is courtesy of an intricate script, but Dark also mops the floor with its peers in terms of performances, casting decisions, camera work (there are several lengthy takes wherein every actor hits every beat, little ones included), nifty editing that helps communicate the connections (even if the writing still expects full audience attentiveness, which I appreciate) and soundtrack; the songs solidify the mood and atmosphere while being largely unknown and avant-garde.<br/><br/>I feel I may be overselling the series and I surely hope this post doesn't create downright unreasonable expectations. But I really, really hope you all watch this and I really, really hope you see what I see! THIS is the best fking tv show I've seen since true detective's first season. I can't believe how good it is. Beautiful photography, scenarios, costumes, thrilling atmospheric music (gives the chills!!), amazing performances and above everything: perfect beautifully (wunderbar!) storyline. <br/><br/>This is the freaking example, Hollywood. You don't need lots of money and Fx to do a decent story (or in this case, a poetic masterpiece). You just have to portray it, with every resource you have: visually, musically, with dialogue (but not the only one, don't abuse it!).<br/><br/>Every separate plot it's intrincally intertwined. It happens so smoothly it's never forced. Anything. As long as I can remember I never had a "cringe" moment like most shows has. In every episode i was at the edge of my seat. This is how you make a thriller, please, PLEAAAASE take a note, storywriters. <br/><br/>I'm so sad we probably have to wait a year or more to see the possible season 2. I don't have the proper words, it's been an amazing delightful surprise to have the pleasures to see this. Also, German it's one of the most beautiful languages, I love hearing it! We have such dense Nitzschean philosophy everywhere, I could totally smell the darkness. I love this kind of stories, with time travel and meaning of life as a central subject of the story. Determinism? Free will?. Maybe this is why I loved it so much. This show never treats its public with disrespect. They tell you what you need to know when it's appropriate. I love it.<br/><br/>Never an American production could make this dark nihilist hell. I'm glad Netflix is giving us a new cinematic adventure, never could been better. I think it's netflix' best show ever made. Yeah, not even your super loved- big fan base- stranger things does justice to this beautiful masterpiece. Not. even. close. Leave it for the children.<br/><br/>In a word: Perfection!! I hope keep seeing this quality Netflix! If you think Christopher Nolan's Inception and Interstellar using time concept telling stories method was mind blowing, making you think, well until you'd watched this.
This is not your average popcorn drama. It just hooked you up and dig your brain. Season 1 is mind blowing and, shocking, Season 2 gets more complicated in time frame story. Just when you thought each character connected to time travel cycle, the finale ended up with one of the character, Martha claim "it's not about when is the time, it's about where", that gives the fans a hint on Season 3, these characters not just connected to different time, but also universe from different world, judging by the final statement and the more advance device Martha brought.
Seriously, I hope Season 3 just can arrive next week instead of next year. Can't wait what the Dark universe would bring us. I tend to analyze things to bits and find a lot of si-fy movies/series have been dumbed-down or childish.
Dark, seasons 1&2 have been outstanding so far. Acting, directing, and cinematography are excellent. You need to follow the dialogues closely and pay attention to subtle hints/gestures.
In today's trend of fast-food approach towards everything, this is very refreshing.<br/><br/>I highly recommend watching it. Dark keeps descending into a complex concept, but even though I can't tell you about the main plot device, what you need to know is that this show will mess with your mind and puts you in a position to use your full focus, because the amount of details you can miss while watching is extraordinary.. It's easy to recognize the parallels between "Stranger Things" and "Dark". Sure there are some: the disappearance of a little boy, 80's influences, dark soundtracks. But in many ways it does the opposite of what "Stranger Things" does. It doesn't work with likable characters. Nostalgia is not something you will find here. It's just a deep dark show, which has much to offer to people who love psychological horror, without the gory parts. This show is not for everyone. I think the best comparison to make is with "Twin Peaks". A show that leaves you behind every episode with a big what-the-f*ck feeling. The constant eerie feeling, as if someone is constantly playing with your thoughts. My god the creators do everything so right. It has been a long time since I have seen something so original, and executed so well.<br/><br/>I'm pretty sure this show will live up, and will be right there between the greatest classics. Netflix list this as a "teen" series. I think any discerning watcher of any age will get a lot out of this dark, compelling mystery. Set in a small German town where weird things are happening, it's a mind bending, time shifting saga with each character given weight and importance. The acting is first rate, especially the young actors portraying the kids. This is not "Stranger Things" Euro style - its nothing like it. Eerie and intelligent, you have to really concentrate on the narrative to get all the nuances of the plot and characters. Very, very good. A solid 8 from me and I'm really harsh with my ratings! I'm two episodes into Season 2, and it's as good as Season 1, so far. More mysteries unfolding and characters you really care about. Recommended. This series is without doubt the greatest TV show ever created, it completely reinvents the way a TV show can be made. Every aspect of this show is perfect - writing, cinematography, acting, soundtrack, casting. It's very difficult to review this show with delving into spoilers, but to summarise it all resolves around time travel, and how everything is connected. HIGHLY recommend! I won't get into details b/c you already watch the show and know how absolutely insane it is. Just a couple of suggestions.... Watch both seasons at least TWICE. I'm actually on my third go round. Definitely watch with subtitles. The english dubbing takes away the intense drama of the show. Season 3 drops in a couple of weeks. Apparently the last! I'm happy and bummed. I love these characters and the plot so much, I never want it to end. That being said, I'm glad I know there's a definitive ending. Lastly a word to Hollywood: ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION? Germany just kicked your ass! This is real storytelling. This makes the audience have to pay attention to every little nuance. We are smarter than you think. This is art. If you don't get on the ball, you'll be left in the dustbin of history..... Just finished to rewatch 1st/2nd season, in order to be prepared for the 3rd to be released on 27/06, and I was blown away like the first time. This series is pure magic and in this moment I think it's absolutely the best Netflix's production.
The plot is brilliant and studied in every single detail, could seem sometimes quite complex and you have to follow every moment with great attention and without distractions. But trust me, it's very easy because the show keeps you in suspense all the time and at the end of every single episode you need to watch the following one immediately.
The halo of mystery that surrounds the show wraps you completely, all accompanied by a wonderful soundtrack that exponentially increases the pathos.
Also the photography borders on perfection and faithfully reproduces the various historical moments in which the story unfolds.
Can't wait for the 3rd and last season, sure that It will conclude this masterpiece as it deserves. Couldnt stop watching Season 2 just as I couldnt stop watching Season 1. Such an interesting plot, masterpiece. Actors are all brilliant, well done! Can't wait for Season 3. Thank you for an amazing show! I absolutely love this show...defo one of Netflix's best ..don't be fooled cause it in subtitles..its brilliant.cant wait for season 3...👍 Dark is a deliciously morbid research on human decisions and their interconnection in between each other and through time. This family sci-fi drama tightly stuffed with literature, philosophy, science references and focuses on such themes as determinism, Christianity, freedom of will, existentialism, quantum physics. Dark has a bit of lovecraftian vibe to it, not in terms of monsters, yet in terms of unseen evil, an existential dread, where "the evil" is Time itself. The show operates on a higher level of scriptwriting, there are no filler scenes let alone episodes, and details are also mega international. Everything is important because everything is connected. Get ready for a hella ride. And don't blink while you're watch it. The show is a mind bending spectacle of masterful story telling, suspense and truly remarkable characters. I want to tip my hat to whoever wrote this storyline cos there will never be another like it. Every 20 minutes something happens that you can't believe, the plot is just perfect so far. I rewatched it to prepare for season 3 and enjoyed it even more the second time. Try to organize a family tree as you go or you may get confused easily. So sad that season 3 is the last season I'm always on the lookout for these kinds of stories when it comes to Sci-Fi. I started watching Dark season 1 and 2 few days ago and it's already my favourite TV series at the moment, and probably will be for a long time if the quality of the show is consistent next season. I've read visual novels related to time travel and parallel universes like 999 (Zero Escape), Yu-No, Steins;Gate, and their climaxes tend to never disappoint. I hope Dark Season 3 delivers a good conclusion as well.<br/><br/>What is great about this series is how the writing is consistent, it all makes sense in hindsight on second re-watches. It rewards those who pay attention to how everything is connected. This is the best show i have watched so far ...the concept the story writing direction everything.
i can't wait anymore to watch the 3rd and its final season (cycle) Please watch it, you won't regret it. When you start it, the episodes are a bit strange and even a bit scary, but once you get into it it's absolutely perfect. I love it because it is fresh and keeps you always curious. You get to know more and more, but at the same time less and less. When you watch the show you will understand my sentence, believe me. Both Season 1 & Season 2 Review<br/><br/>What a series! !! I mean i have no words to describe it . Simply i would say its amazing and mindblowing. I think it is one of the best series i have seen. Have you ever wonder what will happen if we ever able to build a Time Machine ? What mess it will create to our timelines. ? If you are interested to find out then here is the Dark series.<br/><br/>Dark like its name is really dark means everything shown in this series like characters , storytelling, cinematography etc are all have dark tone and some deeper meanings.<br/><br/>Dark brings a whole new concept of time travel with so many paradoxes that is mind bending. All the episodes of season 1 builds up the story continuously and holds u throughout the season . There is no over drama or over acting everything is balanced. The story shows the relationship between some families which are entagled into the messed up time loop. U have to keep an eye on important details. There are so many so characters in here so you have to remember their names and who belongs to whom. If u do that then ur good to go.<br/><br/>After watching season 1 we left with so many unanswered questions that keeps our interest for watching season 2.<br/><br/>As expected season 2 was also a big deal like season 1. It keeps that flow of mystery and suspense. In season 2 we get the answer to the most of the questions from season 1. In season 2 we are also introduced to some new characters which makes this series even more complicated than before to understand. There are so many timelines and messed up time loops. In season 2 there are so many twist in the stories that we never expected . Every episode in the season 2 keeps pushing the story and builds up your interest. Like season 1 season 2 also left us with so many unanswered questions.<br/><br/>The one thing I like the most about this series is its casting. I mean there are various timelines which showcases the various verisons of the same characters like childhood ,adulthood version of the characters. I mean genuinely we are forced to believe that these characters are the same person so i think they nailed it !<br/><br/>The series is very entertaining and never feels boring. It feels like that all the characters are written very carefully and everyone has it Unique Identity. Script and dialogues are also written very carefully.<br/><br/>I would like to recommend this series to the everyone who is looking for some mystery suspense and Sci Fi stuff , it is the best thing out there.<br/><br/>At last I would like to say that the "Beginning is the End and the End is the Beginning" it is one of the line from the series. First of all I want to make sure that all of us have a mutual understanding of what this show is. "Dark" is not comparable to the most popular American shows out there and it is also not comparable to anything German TV has broadcasted. "Dark" being similar to "Stranger Things" is another misconception that I have heard frequently. When reading the plot summaries of the first seasons of both "Stranger Things" and "Dark", they might seem to have quite similar stories, but they really don't. I don't want to compare the both shows, saying one is better, simply because both shows are enjoyable for entirely different reasons. So if 'Dark' is expected to be a German soft remake of 'Stranger Things', the viewer is automatically going to be disappointed, not due to the inferiority of 'Dark', but simply because the expectations are set in a wrong way.
'Dark' is slow paced, especially the first season. The show takes its time and if you are used to the pacing of for instance MCU movies, you might think the story is to slow for you.
'Dark' is not the kind of show you can casually watch. In order to keep track of the story you need to be concentrated on watching it, and you will be rewarded with spotting details that make the show even more enjoyable. 'Dark' has quite a lot of characters to keep track of, I recommend writing them down or making a family tree as the story progresses.
'Dark' is a German show and I recommend watching it in German with English subtitles, as a lot of the performance is lost when watching the show dubbed.
If you don't have a problem with any of these things, you will be sucked into an unforgettable experience and a complex world that might make you question your world as well.
Enjoy! I don't know why a lot of people say this the German answer of stranger things. I can say it isn't! This series is absolutely great and has your own mysterious history. I hope Netflix approve a second season. I can say very very good stuff! Also many questions about all this time travels are not be answered. This show made me write my first review on IMDB... I must say this show is beyond incredible, truly and genuinely a masterpiece... Everything about this show is just perfect, the story, the casting, the acting everything is perfect... Amazing series and definitely the best tv show I've ever seen The best show of Netflix , i have no words.
All the connectivity , simbology and choise of actors is amazing Gritty, visceral and with plenty of twists. A mixture of Lost meets Fringe but no it's better than that! It's gripping and every episode had me craving more. Bring on season 3 Best show ever made. Stunning, terrific, perfectly written and portrayed. Simply.. a tv history masterpiece
Evrey thing is really connected This show is the best science fiction thriller out there. There are two types of show in this world , one is dark and the other is rest of all. This show has completely blown off my mind. It's so gooood. Just watched season 2, it's a must watch. Trust me you won't be disappointed. I've watched a lot of tv-shows and I really mean it when I say A LOT of shows and this one really stands out from everything else I have watched: the cinematography is masterful, the score is incredible, the story is both original, phenomenal, clever and extremely well thought-through, the acting is mostly great, especially considering the younger actors. Except for this, "Dark" manages to follow its own rules for time travelling without somehow messing them up, unlike most sci-fi on tv. If you don't hold anything against tv in a different language than English, then you really need to check this show out. My only flaw is at times the acting, however have in mind that this is rare and that the acting is usually either good, great or superb.
Haven't ever watched a show that came this close to perfection, 10/10 Start to end the opening-credits, BGM, soundtracks, environment- setting, story, characters, sci-fi elements everything is f*ing great especially the cinematography.<br/><br/>Baran bo Odar and Nikolaus Summerer deserve all the appreciation for another great visual experience after Who Am I and The Silence.<br/><br/>I think I can call it "a MASTERPIECE". If you like dark shows, this one is even DARKER. We all have diferent tastes for all things,everyone is attracted to something else,but this tv show is epic,if u have just a little of real tv taste,if you have eye and ears who can who can feel the quality of this masterpease.
Story is one of a kinde,never watch show with story twisted like this.Music that kees you at the edge of your chair and camera and color of screen that makes you feel you are there force me to right this comment and give 10 to this one of a kinde show.My faworites shows is like your,shows that have really high rating in this site but this show is something you will never forget. The show dives into the narrative 10 mins into the first episode and doesn't waste any time setting up the story. Then starts the never ending journey of twists and turns that will keep on the edge at all times. The narrative keeps shooting forward and backward with intertwining timelines and storylines. Everything about this show is pure masterclass from the story to narrative to music to acting to casting, you name it, this show does it all perfectly. If you love watching something that is not too simplistic and keeps you alert at all times, this one's for you It's rating should be between 9.5-10. because this series is so f**king great. No one should regret watching this. Don't think too much on watching this, just go & watch with almost attention. Get all the characters & time lines in mind , then it's easy to watch One of the most underrated and one of best TV show of all time....I think no Sci-Fi can show a better way of time travel that this show did.... This is a Netflix series, and like most users who liked it, I binge watched it. Usually, I don't like slow pacing series (hated last Twin Peaks series), but this one kept me on the edge of my seat. Slowly unfolding, there is a feel of recent Scandi noir series about it. If at all possible, watch it with German audio and subtitles. I feel dubbing made acting seem bad. This is a mystery, sci-fi, drama and many other things with incredible characters that seem incredibly real - writing is superb. Casting is unbelievable - we are seeing characters when they were children and later when they grow up. There is an uncanny resemblance.<br/><br/>If you liked The Killing, Bridge and similar, you will enjoy this very much! It really bears no resemblance to Stranger things (which I also liked and binge watched). I've read some of the low rating reviews. People, if you just saw 3 episodes, stop comparing with ST, there is ZERO similarity ! (DARK is wayyy better) .Or the "could'nt make it through the first episode" ppl , stop the negative reviewing. You saw nothing ! It's not that hard to keep track of the characters, it'n not like it's nuclear science.. Just be patient and you will be rewarded with a story that is mind - bending, emotional ( yes , the characters grow on you , if you pay attention though ), funny (when needed), witty, smart (every detail counts, everything is connected), unpredictable, one of a kind , just pure magic ! It is an absolute 10 and one of the best tv-series EVER made ! I watched non stop for 18 hours marathon with short breaks. Eagerly waiting to continue with Season 3. This series was so interesting and never allowed me to stop till it ended by itself after 8th episode of Season 2.<br/><br/>I was so addicted and it has triggered me to investigate my old family history.
Almost had same feeling of watching Christopher Nolan's kind movies like Inception, Interstellar, etc.. Best web show till now... waiting for season 3 ... Everything is connected.... The series is very mysterious, the mystery is very strange, all you think is that you knew something from the mystery, but it is not clear that many do not know this beautiful in the series Everything is perfect. A series which makes you think and when you think you can no longer be surprised, you are wrong. A series which you must watch if you are a fan of time travel, and mind bending series. Not one of the, but the most best series of all time and I believe a series like this can never be made again for another century, with such complex yet beautiful storytelling and mind bending work of art. The Masterpiece. And Asimov, Arthur Clarke, Stanley Kubrick, Jorge Luis Borges, mix it it all together, add spices, correct Lost mistakes and create one of the most brilliant shows you can watch today online.... Amazing direction. The cinematography is amazing. The camera shots are mesmerising.
Loved the background scores. Probably the best time travel series i've ever seen. Hats off to the director and german cinema is doing great. This series will blow you away. If you are open minded and keen to go down a time rabbit hole, watch this. The plot is very clever and well thought. You can clearly understand that the production has thought of all 3 seasons as a whole from the beginning. Everything is intentional and happens for a reason. And when I say everything, I mean e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g.<br/><br/>The characters and their relationships are very well thought as well. It takes a while to get to know them because of their timeline complexity, but that's part of the beauty of the show. You need to get confused at first to see the bigger picture later.<br/><br/>Great acting, well written dialogues, beautiful cinematography and a well put music score. Wow.. this is truly the most intricate story, with the most involved and interesting characters, I have ever seen. The plot is insanely complex, but incredibly rewarding at the same time. It is the most fun I've had watching a television show, other than the first 4 seasons of Game of Thrones. Dark definitely makes your mind work, you are left thinking for countless hours about the story arcs and how they're all connected. I rewatched both seasons immediately after finishing the second season, and enjoyed them just as much the second time! I'm honestly honored we have a third season to look forward to, I trust these creators to bring the story home (however or whenever that happens). The acting is phenomenal with every character, while young Jonas definitely stands above the rest. Props to everyone involved in putting together this level of entertainment, with such amazing quality. This show is superior to it's competition, simply because you can relate to the scenarios in facets of every day life. The themes are so relevant to everybody and it makes me want to live my best life everyday. It has helped open my mind to different philosophies of life, and allowed my small everyday problems, seem irrelevant. No hyperbole, this is an excellent experience I wish everyone could enjoy. Prepare to fall down the rabbit hole, enjoy every second. Season one was fantastic but season two was even better. It does get confusing trying to keep the characters from all the different time periods straight but it's also a fun challenge. The acting is top-notch and the story is cohesive, as if they've actually thought about an end game for the show (unlike most shows) and the big reveal at the end of season 2 means season 3 will make it even more challenging to keep up. I highly recommend this show but you must pay attention in order to keep up. Pay Attention! The directors are just outstanding they have just created a master piece. We need lots of underastanding to know about this show..
#bestofnetflix
#lots_of_love_from_Nepal
ðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µðŸ‡³ðŸ‡µ This is the best show I have seen since Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones. Finally, someone has written a show with real depth and character development. I had to re-watch season 1. I also had to find a website that mapped all the families and characters past/present together. I did not mind re-watching AT ALL! In fact, I think I am going to watch both seasons again before season 3 is released.<br/><br/>I HATE reading subtitles. I watch most foreign shows on Netflix with English dubs. The dubs on 99% of the shows aren't great. I had to quit watching 3% because the acting was so horrible. However, I do not have a problem with the dubs on this show. The are far better than any other show on Netflix. If you do not mind reading subtitles, you should definitely watch it in German, but if you have a problem with them, the English dubs are good. I cannot wait for season 3! This is fresh, innovative and just damn cool. The acting is effortless, the characters gather depth with each episode. The complexity of the story is like peeling the proverbial onion, layer upon layer. This is a story worth telling. Am looking forward to seeing what the world looks like in the series two, am sure it will bring further surprises. This is my first ever review because I don't necessarily feel that I could add to whatever has already been said about the movie or series. But I had to for this one. I CANT GET THE SHOW OUT OF MY MIND. I can't put it in words how great the story telling capability of this writer and director are. The way events flow into each other give more depth to the story, while simultaneously confusing the hell out of you and just when you think it all makes sense, it gives you more to digest. Hats off to everyone who played a part in portraying such a complex plot so beautifully.<br/><br/>The character development, the acting by each actor, the story line, the transitions, the direction and above all the conception of the story, is beyond what we normally perceive or expect a TV series to portray.<br/><br/>This show has given me a new profound love for German TV that I never thought I needed.
I honestly can't wait for season 3 to begin, but at the same time I dont want it to start because then the show would reach its inevitable end and I am not prepared for that. Dark is such a breath of fresh air. It really has a unique concept. Terrific storyline. Brilliant looking cast. I don't know who came up with the idea and I don't know that it's real or not but I would like to believe that this exist. I mean it's really true that we very much experience a lot of deja vu in our lives. What if this can happen? We can only wish. Anyway, I binge watched the whole series in one go and it just blew my mind. It is so complex that I had to rewind certain scenes from the series to understand who is where and where is when and who is when. Every time I went "wtf, wtf, what even tf is happening?" but I enjoyed that adrenaline rush. This rush was similar to when I watched The OA. The OA is not that complex but Dark is complex on a whole another level. I hope and pray that Netflix doesn't cancel Dark just like they cancelled other brilliant shows like The OA, Sense8, Daredevil. Well it's a 10/10 from me.<br/><br/>To quote Lady Gaga, "talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference". I love this show! There is a lot going on the whole time and you'll want to pause to collect your thoughts and better absorb images on the screen. Friday can't come soon enough. In that movie, writers gotta write for a single character. But in this series,they gotta do it for many characters.Writing is phenomenal, and casting is top notch. Casting is a very big advantage to this. They are in their main point that, 'Time is a Circle' . Till now (Season 2)we can't say what is the start. Thats what they are doing. Every event is connected. DAMN Writing
Is so good.<br/><br/>I can't force this enough on anyone who reads this review. But I gotta tell you this is not for Action lovers. If you gave me a dollar for every time my sister and I just looked at each other in confusion I'd be a rich. But if you gave me a dollar every time we gasped and jumped up and started screaming as if we won the lottery I'd be bill gates. One of my absolute favorite series now! Super Addictive, looks scary in the beginning but not scary at all! If you easily get frightened, the first episode might trigger you but TRUST me push through it, and after all Episode 1 is important! Loved everything about it! BRILLIANT storyline and choice of music, LOVED IT and had a BLAST watching it. GENIUS writing and storyline! Love each character and everything about the series. If i could give it another rating 11/10 ! I can bet to turn off your screen after seeing 2-3 episodes of dark.Simply outstanding. I watched Dark back in 2017 when it was first aired, and was fascinated by it. Waited 2 long years for the second season, and it did not disappoint me at all.
Sic Mundus Creatus Est. Actually I have completed watching this show two months ago, but it still haunts me. Wherever I see a review space for Dark I always rate it 10/ 10. I wish if I could rate it 20/10. Because it's that much massive show. Actually we should research the brain of the writer of this show. Highly recommended show! This series cant get any better . Literally the best series of all time . I really recommend this show. It is one of the best experiences I had in a long time This series presented us travel through time in a different classic way and different from the rest of the shows .... I am very excited for the third season I was never a fan of sci fi but Dark changed that it is just brilliant dont't miss it it will impress you. Had to rewatch multiple times to fully grasp it, but well worth it.
Casting choices are mind blowing and simply spot on! If you like time travel, paradox and some darkness, I highly recommend.
One of the best shows out there at the moment. By far one of the best series ever made. You could easily watch each episode 3 or 4 times & still see something you missed first time around Dark runs in time's circles and convences to public that Everything is possible here and at some Gear. This is a mind blowing show that will keep blowing your mind. I recommend paying a lot of attention when watching because it can get complicated. I also recommend watching it in german with english subtitles. Absolutely an amazing show I advice yall to watch it you'll never regret it just a great show Makes you think about life. Past present and Future.
Actions decisions and consequences....<br/><br/>Congrat German Team I'm not good with words so I won't bore you with long essays. I'd just say that PLEASE PLEASE WATCH THIS SHOW!!! I promise you won't regret it. It's genius, it's complex, it's mind boggling series. Hats off to writers for writing something this genius. The casting is definitely one of it's plus points!! This is truly a masterpiece! I dunno how will I ever enjoy other shows now that I've watched this intelligent show. If you are not smart enough don't wTch it and don't rate the show depending on your intelligence AMAZING.
Every part of this masterpiece is incredible, the sounds is terrifying but in the good way. The acting is different from what we used to see, FELL more real. This is the proof that anonymous actors can do great job.<br/><br/>This show is fell so modern to 2019 and so modern to different time lines presented.<br/><br/>You will get lost in the story line, who against who and who is who - this what make this show so good.
Without any doubts it's the best scifi TV show in history. Remarkable film making, acting, cinematography, and storytelling. One of the finest pieces of television ever made, and my all-time favorite TV show. If Netflix (or whoever) is paying attention, I would really like to buy all three seasons on 4K Blu-ray someday to own in my collection at home. Defo a must-see. Sucks you in, holds you by the throat and never really lets you go, even when you're not watching. The storyline gets under your skin, al the surprising twists make you want to watch one episode after another... Can't wait for the 3rd season, I want more! Please, leave this page right now and hurry to Netflix. You gotta see this. Watching the first season, I did not even know what to expect. Just randomly watched a new TV show. From the first episode on I was pulled into my screen. After a couple of episodes I started to write down all the characters names and tied them together in a big web of connections. I wanted to understand everything, but this show is built so geniously, it gives you pieces of this web little by little. But everything is connected so well. I also love the acting of the whole cast. They really made everything so real. And all the younger/older persons are looking so much alike. It's just incredible. Season two is even better. Now the only question left is: WHEN!... WHEN WILL SEASON 3 AIR? Hahaha. Eventually I ended up season 2 in one day. Describing the series in review might not be possible. You should watch this and see the difference between Dark and the rest of the series. The series unfolds one after another mystery as it proceeds. Or rather I say it leaves more questions. Questions that will haunt you till the series finale. The characters are beautifully placed and I always ask myself how is Dark possible? In an age where there is so much quality TV to watch I can find it difficult to settle on a series. I came across this on Netflix and it seemed to be right up my street. Boy, I was not disappointed. This is a series of the highest quality. It requires attention to be paid to it, so that you can fully understand the intricacies of the story telling. There are a lot of characters (with many of them played by different actors at their various stages of life) but if you give it your attention you will be rewarded with a great ride. Time travel, relationships, loss, grief, jealously, power and more are address throughout the series. The ending sets up season 2 perfectly though I did see a couple of episode 10s reveals coming. The acting is superb on the whole and none of the episodes disappointed. The comparisons with Stranger Things were bound to be made but I don't feel that you can compare the two. This is sci fi storytelling with a European noir vibe, it's so bleak but so so enjoyable. Roll on season 2! If you are debating Whether or not to watch this show. I am urging you to watch Dark it's the best TV show I have ever watched and this is coming from a guy who has watched hundreds of TV shows. The writing is amazing the actor is quality. 10/10 must watch I now have to wait another year for season 3 but know it will be worth the wait. I am not easily impressed but I found the Dark tottaly captivating, I am in awe , it was absolutely amazing , with series 2 just as excellent as 1! The cast are brilliant i can't even compare it with other shows , it's so fresh with many twists and turns , do yourself a favour , DONT miss this! Enjoy! I can't wait to say yes. The music, graphics, storyline, timeline everything seems fresh. This is by far and without ANY comparison THE best thing Netflix has ever done and I doubt they can top that in the near future.<br/><br/>Season 1 already was mindblowing but sometimes a tiny bit too slow. But what they did in season 2 is absolutely mindblowing, this show deserves so much more attention. I am someone who rarely writes reviews but I couldn't stop myself from searching for my imdb logins for this purpose only.<br/><br/>A true masterpiece, wish I could give it a 20/10 I love shows that make you think and this certainly does - about time travel, black holes, nuclear energy, good and evil, the 33 miracles performed by Christ and why 33 sheep died overnight in a pasture. A small German village is caught in a 33 year time loop, children are disappearing, and some are showing up dead, but in the wrong timeline.
Besides all this wonderful mystery there is exquite cinematography, a brilliant script, and powerful emotional performances. All the characters are very rich and interesting and you find yourself taking sides and deciding who the good guys are and the bad, but is it that simple when this whole story keeps shifting through multiple timelines and new mysteries keep unfolding and evolving?
I told everyone I knew after season one to watch this but no one seemed to get it. I hope with season two now, people will give it a shot. It really is brilliant. I can't recommend this enough. This was truly brilliant!! Call in sick at work, sort your munchies out and let yourself get lost in time!! I could not stop watching until the whole series was complete and I am left in absolute awe on the edge of my seat!!! Don't compare this to ST. This deserves independent praise and recognition of its own merits. I went in with no research or recommendation from anyone else and I think that's what made it even better for me! Enjoy guys! I'm into the 6th Episode of Season 2 and so far Dark has blown me away. I thought I'd seen it all with The OA, Stranger Things, Dirk Gently, Happy etc.<br/><br/>Dark is on an entirely different level. Nothing I've seen on TV comes near this and probably never will.<br/><br/>So many TV series nowadays start off strongly as writers seek to attract the attention of networks and then with each season come up with more and more gimmicks and hooks as they seek to stretch out additional seasons.<br/><br/>From what I've heard the complete story for Dark has already been fleshed out to end in series 3 and that makes sense. With Dark, I've never got the impression that a character is doing something just to progress the story or build up tension. The story progresses seamlessly to such an extent that often you can see where the plot is leading up to because the logic of the Dark universe says that it should. With Dark the plot twist isn't so much something that hits you out of the blue, but something that you see coming as a logical progression and yet your jaw still hits the floor when it does happen.<br/><br/>Personally I prefered watching the German 5.1 version with English subtitles.<br/><br/>Edit:<br/><br/>Just finished watching Series 2 and I've seen the word 'Masterpiece' used repeatedly when users post a review for Dark.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a single word to describe Dark, that pretty much sums it up.<br/><br/>Edit 2:
Just rewatching season 1 and noticed that there were hints that always pointed to the revelation at the end of season 2. The season 2 ending is not a tacked on cliffhanger like most TV series but something that has been part of the Dark story all along but which most including myself would have missed. Rewatching is definitely rewarding and just shows how well the story has been structured so far. Look no further if you want a super serious series to sink your teeth into, this is for active viewing only, this is certainly NOT a passive watch, and please for the love of all that is holy, watch this in the original GERMAN language with SUBTITLES, and if either of those two things puts you off then I can say for certain that this is definitely not the show for you, but for everyone else keep reading!<br/><br/>Dark blends a variety of genres and excels at every single one of them; seemingly beginning as some kind of murder mystery with the type of atmosphere and feel resemblant of a dark crime drama, it very quickly introduces sci fi to the mix and, on top of that, you will soon come to learn of the incredibly deep history and lore involved, this being of the extent and detail you would perhaps expect to find in high fantasy, however the themes here are both serious and grounded in reality, drawing on a lot of scientific theory as well as both historical and religious texts. For me the subjects and setting presented in the show achieve what I believe to be an almost perfect balance of simultaneously being both extraordinary enough to be extremely exciting to watch and yet presented in a reality feasible enough to be believable, which when combined makes it all that more thought provoking for the viewer, and it's because of these very reasons you will find yourself diving deep into topics related to the subject material, scouring forums for theories and rewatching scenes or entire episodes to learn that little bit more about the mysteries around the show and to find the clues that will unlock the truths and secrets behind the curious town of Winden.<br/><br/>This is 100% a show for viewers who like to be challenged to think and those that love to come away after every episode with more questions and research to do each time, and by doing so becoming even further embroiled in the mysteries within. I can say for certain that Dark is also a show that holds great rewatch value, as you will most certainly notice things you didn't catch the first time around and connect a lot more dots that you perhaps didn't originally, the attention to detail is astonishing absolutely everywhere here - visually, musically, thematically and theoretically, the rabbit holes are just endless and I can most definitely say there isn't another show like it. This is without a doubt one of THE most exciting, interesting and thought provoking shows I have ever had the pleasure of watching, every member of the cast is great, with convincing performances all around, I was especially impressed with some of the younger cast members. The casting process itself was clearly something that the show's creators placed a lot of importance on, you only have to watch the first season and you will see a myriad of reasons why I say this knowingly, and with great appreciation for the results, additionally the cinematography is gorgeous throughout, and certainly the intro in itself is worth a mention for this among other reasons.<br/><br/>So upon the beginning of the intro sequence we see some handpicked shots from the show that have been amalgamated and processed with (as far as I can tell) some kind of mirror effect while at the same time also repeating in various different directions and angles, providing a mesmeric and kaleidoscopic visual for the duration, whilst at the same time accompanied by one of the most beautiful yet sorrow drenched pieces of music that I have ever heard used to introduce a TV series or film, this alone sets the tone for, and in some way replicates, the kind of contrasting and mixed emotions I have experienced during my time watching the show so far (I'm just about to begin S2E6) and rather than skip the intro like I would with most other series, I always appreciate sitting through the intro to Dark, because like the series itself, it manages to achieve the very same high quality standards and ingenious creativity that set it apart from the competition, and in that little over a minute alone I am made to feel more than what 95% of other TV shows can elicit in me across a whole season. For this reason I feel Dark deserves a rare 10 stars from me. No show can ever achieve perfection, but for me, right now, this is as close as it gets. One of the finest plot ever wrote. Amazing cinematography. Decent background score, if you are planing to watch it.. Then get ready to get connected to the characters Watch this now. Season 1 was my favorite show ever and season 2 even better!! The characters are so captivating, even minor ones. If you watched season 1 awhile ago like i did, you better read a recap before starting season 2...so many small details easy to forget! I had to pause between each episode to absorb what had just happened! Really really great, I hope this goes on forever!! Watch in German with subtitles, MUCH better. Great storyline, great cast, great setting, convincing characters and a really easy to grasp plot. What's not to like? I never write reviews. However, this series is so gripping, intricate and atmospheric that I feel moved to do so.<br/><br/>It's rare that TV these days genuinely surprises or that the characterisation makes you care what happens and believe, but on both counts Dark has this in spades, underpinned by a narrative that is complex and richly satisfying.<br/><br/>The only disappointment is that I read this will a trilogy and therefore, I cannot look forward to several years of utterly beguiling entertainment. So.. where to begin?<br/><br/>It's a lot to keep track on, i'll start off with that, but it's a very well written show, the characters, the actors, man - they must have picked out each of these actors to play different ages very carefully, they all have a huge resemblance in looks and that makes the show even better.<br/><br/>It's not so much scary as dark, takes you on a path where you get kind of mind blown or mind "fucked" as we call it, you keep track on so much, especially time - which I think all of us at some point in our life's have questioned.<br/><br/>If you loved shows like Stranger Things or IT, then you would love this.
Overall it's an amazing show, highly recommend. This might be the most perfect show out there. The story is complex, rich and fascinating. It makes you think bigger and puts questions in your head that might scare you. But you will enjoy the ride. Absolutely superb in every way! It hits you like a wrecking ball full of twists, awesome script, powerful performances and you don't recover from that hit for very long time. That is not an exaggeration. This is what Lost wishes it could've been. Every scene is significant. Every piece of dialogue has meaning. Every character is important to the direction of the plot and the show's overall themes. I can't remember another show that gives so many characters so much development but at the same time it never feels overcrowded or rushed. First season is dedicated to building this intricate world in Winden, introducing the main characters and exploring their tragic lives. The core plot is revealed but still leaves us with more questions than answers which is what the second season tries to explain. I think we know what the third season will be about in terms of themes and I can't wait to see where this show takes us. The casting is superb (not just individual talent) but also how similar they look to their past/present/future counterparts. Best show on Netflix right now! The second season of Dark takes the great foundation built by its first and escalates the stakes, the emotion, and the goodwill built up. It's a hugely successful effort, proving itself as one of Netflix's absolute best in their line-ups.<br/><br/>Dark Season 2 can hurt your brain at times, trying to piece all the time-traveling narratives together, but in the end, creators Baran bo Odor and Jantje Friese reward your patience with some stellar WTF moments. At eight episodes in length, Dark is a tightly-woven tapestry of compelling stories and memorable performances from the entire ensemble. We can't wait to see how it all ends in Season 3. This show is omg...just watch the show guys.. interesting concept The beginning (first 2 episodes) can be a bit slow but after that the series takes you to a very well thought emotional and mental ride, the way they wrote the series is magnificent.
The soundtrack is amazing, the direction and the actors are all AMAZING.
I always recommend the series to friends and family and they LOVE it , it takes you to a place where makes you think a lot of things about life and science. I was myself when i started watching this, while writing this review i am son of myself Wow! My wife and I went in with low expectations. The show just sucks you in. We just finished season 2 and we are excited for season 3 to come out at the end of this month. It's all about the little details in the story. The characters are all great along with their stories. I would say it has elements of Lost, Stranger Things, and the Outsider. If you liked those, you will enjoy this one! Enjoy the journey! Ultimate imagination of writer.
It is mandatory to keep all character and relation between them in mind. Otherwise can't understand anything. If you havnt ..you should...it's a must ...
u have to see it to believe it ...
once u fall down that rabbit hole it just keeps going deeper nd deeper
So prepare yourself for a ride I haven't seen anything like this since Game of thronse This is the best series I watched
Especially the second season Vera level the way the director think and connect all the characters it's amazing .best one to watch Two years ago I accidentally stumbled across this show and haven't regretted a second of watching it. The show is a real masterpiece.
The show tells a twisted, shocking and mind-blowing story of a German town Winden and it's citizens. Time traveling, intrigues and a whole lot of mystery included. The plot of the show makes you bite your nails, that's how tense it gets with every episode.
The show has a perfect cast. All actors flawlessly portray their characters making the series even more engaging.
I would recommend watching the series cautiously, the twisted plot may make you puzzled if you miss anything.
Can't get the point of those who compare Dark with ST. The shows have completely different storylines. Dark is more complex, darker and not clichéd.
Also, the way Dark has been shot is just AMAZING! The colors are wonderful and the views are spectacular.
The soundtracks are perfectly selected,too. Fullfilling the series and intensifying every moment of the show.
All in all, if you're looking for a gripping, not ordinary and well-shot TV series to watch, I would totally recommend Dark I love sci fi and time travel, and this is just done perfectly. Great acting, great cast, great story. Each episode building up tension to a revelation that just blows your mind, unbelievable amazingly written. Unambiguously the best TV show I've ever seen, it's so good it ruins everything else, it's like trying to go back to drinking perry after acquiring a taste for prosecco.<br/><br/>The only flaw is sometimes the time references are a little cheesy and hamfisted, but honestly I love Doctor Who so I can put that aside.
9.8/10 I love all the amazing little details from the creepily accurate casting to the small biblical clues and the interconnectedness of it all. So complicated but so fascinating! Before having seen this. Period. Nothing else to add. This is pleasure in its purest form! One of the finest time travel shows ever created. It manages to cohesively create a spiraling and complex plot while missing any major plot holes. It challenges the watcher and at the same time keeps them entertained. I have watched many T.V shows and normally I watch them with friends but this is the first show where I physically couldn't wait for my friend to watch it. I was hooked. The characters make you feel each emotion and you truly feel sick to the stomach in some episodes the same way the characters do. I feel like you get this huge satisfaction after most of the episodes where slowly you understand which way the plot is going to progress towards. As the title of the show suggests it is very Dark at times but my god is it done is such a creative way. Best show I have seen that isn't primarily English. It really does deserve much higher ratings. This is so far (I finished watching season 2) one of the best shows I have ever watched.<br/><br/>The writing is fantastic and the plot full of surprises. The acting is great and the soundtrack awesome and I'm running out of positive superlatives if I keep going.<br/><br/>Don't miss out on this one, you will repent it.<br/><br/>The only "BUT" I have is the following: The show starts slow, because it must introduce us to a lot AND it is complicated - so if you don't like being challenged a bit, this is probably not for you as it requires a bit of thinking to fully enjoy.<br/><br/>Since season 1 and 2 were phenomenal, the bar is set high very high. We can only hope that season 3 delivers a worthy ending to this masterpiece. This is my first review...
I love this series!!!
It's NOT like Stranger Things! No way! It's so much more...
The first season was really good.
But the second season was BRILLANT!
Every episode was a masterpiece!
It's about my favorite topic... TIME TRAVEL!
You have to THINK and maybe search for the family trees, because sometimes it is really complicated.
But that's okay. That's special!
I recommend this series. You have to see it!!! I've been hearing about this show for months now and I only recently gave it a chance. And boy, am I glad I did!
There's just something special about shows that make you play one episode right after another. But what do you do when you run out of episodes? Jokes aside, "Dark" is a compeling and mind-bending German series which takes on themes such as time travel, family relationships and character development. If you like good plot twists you're in for a treat!
I see people comparing it to "Stranger Things" which I personally think is total nonsense. Both shows are great in their own way.
I would also recommend watching it in German and with English subtitles. I never thought that I would get hooked on German show. The suspense starts triggering you from very first episode. And this is one of few series which didn't got substandard by multiple seasons. The writing, directing, editing of this show is up to mark. And believe me or not, only background music of every episode is enough to give us chills. Just give it a go and you'll never regret it. This show is a gem by Netflix. Honestly, "Dark" is one of the most perplexing series I have had the privilege to watch. It demands your attention from the very first episode, and it doesn't let go. I just finished watching Season 2 and I can hardly wait for Season 3 next year.<br/><br/>I see some people compare it to "The OA" or , more commonly to "Stranger Things" but while all 3 shows are centered around time/dimension hopping, I think that "Dark" is the most mature and "scientifically" believable of them. It can certainly be a mindf&%k at times, trying to unravel the knot of every specific time continuity, but it is worth it.<br/><br/>I recommend that you sit and watch it with a clear and open mind- believe me, you will not regret it. Excellent gripping screenplay and flawless narration. Initial 2 or 3 episodes were little overwhelming with respect to following all the characters and their family tree but it settles in really well after 3rd episode. There is always a surprise element waiting right throughout the series. The way the season 2 ended and giving its lead to season 3 is outstanding and makes us even more curious now!!. Cant imagine waiting for one more year to catch the next season. Absolutely terribly freaking awesome! As they deftly played by bending time, they will severely bend your thoughts as well. You will definitely have a hard time remembering the version of characters from past present and future! You will be shocked by the insane possibilities a "time traveler" can create. Perfect 10 out of Ten I don't know where to start.<br/><br/>I started watching Dark when it was released back in the Winter of 2017. I have to admit that I was really scepical the first episodes of season 1 back then.<br/><br/>The further I watched though, the more I realized that this show is different from all the other ones. Different families in different timelines and their connections to each other, any other show would've messed up - but not Dark. Dark managed to build a complex but logic story which makes u really believe time travelling is possible.<br/><br/>Season 2 is probably one of the best seasons of ANY series I have watched. Story telling at the best. So many shock and twist moments. You can clearly say this series was created by masterminds.<br/><br/>It is so complex, well thought and cinematic on the highest level. For me there is no better series at the moment and I am really looking forward to the final season. I have trust in the creators that this show will have a great ending. Sometimes I look for a notebook while watching this show because I miss who is who and when is when. So many times it has happened to me that I had to playback and watch again. I get twisted all the time. I have never seen anything like this show. Amazing and mind-blowing. I really salute to the entire team for giving me this masterpiece.<br/><br/>Danke.. Super blend of science and emotions. Watched with eng dubbing. Have to keep family tree diagram for reference every time characters from different timeline interact but it has been handled so well covering minute details of human behavior I am actually dreaming about this show. It has never happened before. It is that powerful. A cat's cradle of infallible genius. Dark is the best show about time traveling there is! It had me question my existence on earth.
The character development is excellent and the different timelines add up to a very dense and entertaining story.<br/><br/>I can get why so many people think that Dark is the German "Stranger Things" but it's way more than that. The plot is planed for 3 season and this shows. "Stranger Things" on the other hand feels like they only continued after season 1 because it was so popular. A series of deep mysterious drama .. excitement in it never stop .. Every episode you enjoy it and do not want to end .. The best series seen in my life .. I do not think there is another series this way<br/><br/>artistically honest artist The Best and the Worst quality of this show is that you always have to awake and active to understand all the dimensions of this show...
Writers and Makers and Actors and Everyone have done a brilliant job with this show... Couldn't find any other show like this yet... :( Rarely do I say this but this is a masterpiece, along with GOT, Fargo, Stranger things and Breaking bad this sci-fi thriller entertained and, left me... well.. thrilled and yearning for the next season - I can't wait.
I watched the first episode in the dubbed American English version - poor - before finding the "original and best" (where have I heard that before?) German language version which brought it to life big time.
Even being a physics nerd I couldn't bring myself to mention the C word- Causality, it was too good to criticise and nit-pick over something as trivial as time.
A true SF classic. SPOILERS FOR THE FIRST SEASON
The series created by Baran bo Odar and Jantje Friese, became a global phenomenon after airing its first 10 episodes in 2017. "Dark" is such a complex drama, filled with tragedy, mystery and loss at every turn, ready to captivate the audience the minute it starts. The story begins in 2019, in a small German town called Winden that could be imagined as the middle of nowhere. In this very place, built around a nuclear power plant situated next to a dark, frightening cave, takes place the tragedy of four families: Kahnwald, Nielsen, Tiedemann and Doppler. The rather complicated way in which the characters are introduced to the show in three different timelines makes it much more intriguing for the viewers to keep watching and figure out the links between the narratives.<br/><br/>While the first season allowed you to experience time travel through a couple of alternative events, the second season went on connecting every apparently irrelevant incident that has ever happened in Winden, causing the series to become one massive riddle that is constantly messing with your head. The disappearance of Mikkel Nielsen and the suicide of Michael Kahnwald depicted in the first episode of season 1 were only the beginning of an inevitable cycle of death. The history of the town is proven to be much darker than it might seem at first and it focuses on the illusions and lies that led each of the four families apart, changing their destinies forever.<br/><br/>The screenwriters brought to life such a mesmerizing, powerful and unusual script that already made a huge difference in the film industry, being not only one of the best TV shows ever created, but also one of the few foreign series (written in German) that managed to become a worldwide hit. As a viewer, I believe you need passion and patience to fully understand and appreciate its unique concept because otherwise, you will not be able to enjoy the show at its true value. Baran bo Odar combined his visionary screenwriting skills with his directing techniques so effortlessly, creating something that can easily be called a modern-day masterpiece.<br/><br/>It is very impressive seeing how the actors fully matched their characters' descriptions, looking so unbelievably similar to one another. If you have not watched the first season yet, then you will have to trust me on this observation, because this is a very important and remarkable aspect that gives continuity to the plot. The entire cast did a wonderful job, from Louis Hofmann, who portrays Jonas Kahnwald so naturally, to Karoline Eichhorn (Charlotte Doppler) and Oliver Masucci-who plays Ulrich Nielsen- and all the way to Jördis Triebel (Katharina Nielsen), Maja Schöne (Hannah Kahnwald), Christian Pätzold (Egon Tiedemann) and Julika Jenkins, who portrays a younger version of Claudia Tiedemann.<br/><br/>All the other features of the show-including the costumes that accurately depicted each of the time periods mentioned in the narrative, the brilliant production design or the cinematography- were notable as well. The recurring theme from the original soundtrack gave an additional suggestive vibe to the chilling mysteries illustrated throughout the series. Truthfully, I cannot think of even one small moment that could have disappointed me in any way or any line that was out of place. "Dark" is a colossal story filled with twists and turns, that will not let you down once you start unraveling its sinister secrets. If you dont want to be spoon fed and you like a real intelligent well thought out story , then this is for you. Forget everything that its compared too , thus is better by a long mile. I can honestly say that I have never been so sucked into a show or felt so strongly about any tv show ever... Nothing comes close to this for its dark premises, twisted narrative , mysterious story style , character depth , pace and big reveals... oh, not to forget the soundtrack , which sets it apart from anything I have ever seen. I've told so so so many people about this show... And now they all love it. Im yet to hear a bad thing about this show.... 11 out of 10. I came to this show as a student of German. I was looking for shows to practice and learn with. What a find! I get so wrapped up in the story and I forget to go look up that word, or that phrase, or that interesting piece of grammar... I'm going to have to watch this all again and soon.<br/><br/>This show is so good. It is convoluted, and knotted around itself. Complexity! The acting is fantastic, the writing is solid. They found actors that actually look like they might be older/younger versions of themselves... there is attention to detail! It's brilliant.<br/><br/>Maybe it all falls apart in Season 3, maybe they've written themselves into a corner, how do you wrap any of this up? But I can't wait to find out and I have high hopes for the continuation of this one. May after Titanic decades ago I obsessed again after watching this series.. Philosophy, slowness, background music, cast, screenplay,direction.. everything is a master piece.. seen greatest shows but this is on another level I'd never watched a TV series in german and I though I'd give this one a try. I haven't stopped watching it since. Brilliant actors, brilliant plot, brilliant directing!! Dark from is such an intelectual and thought provoking show. Top scifi, top characters, story which raises such philosophical questions about the nature of time. Blends scientific and religious content with intriguing characters and storyline. This is the first time that i put a review on any Movie/Series',
Because on such a masterpiece I could not remain silent.
For me it's the best TV Series I ever watched.
Full of action/mysteries/drama....<br/><br/>Highly Recommended This series does bend your mind quite a bit, but I'm so surprised how complex the whole story is. The setting is simple enough, 4 families in a small german town.
As soon as Jonas' father hangs himself, things start to escalate and suddenly, the four rather hostile families are all part of the same family.<br/><br/>For some time I had difficulties balancing the past, the present and the future, but I caught on. You really ought to watch out for the names of the characters.<br/><br/>I'd also like to add that it's really good the series is in german. It makes the whole plot more believable as it is set in germany.<br/><br/>In my opinion, season 2 exceeded all expectations, I had no idea how much room there was to develop this story.<br/><br/>This is a true gem, and everyone into sci-fi and/or mystery should watch this series I had to create this account just to tell how incredibly Dark is. By the first second of First Season to the last second on 2 season. I was reluctant to watch the show because of the language but now I see how wrong I was.. of you are reading this review, please, don't be reluctant at all because by the moment you start watching, you don't wanna stop. This is one of the best acted, best scripted series I've ever seen.
It weaves the most dark dramatic fantastical tale across multiple timelines... it's beautiful, it's thrilling, it's a mind bend and fabulously fun to try and figure out with you partner who is who and what the heck is going on.
It's the great type of series where we will actually pause the button so we can say "omg... that is so and so, or that must be how such and such happened..."
A mystery, puzzle and a masterpiece for sure.
Recommend to all adults. You get audience will miss the nuances... Netflix has continued to raise the bar for itself in the quality of programming it's now presenting. "Bird Box" with Sandra Bullock was a horror thriller that was extremely exciting from beginning to end. Then came the series "The Haunting of Hill House", which was so well done and truthfully, the best Ghost Story I have ever seen. It got glowing reviews and huge numbers by fans and critics alike. I thought it would be a long time before it would ever be equaled in its story telling and presentation...if ever. Now comes "Dark"....a masterpiece in every category used to judge true art in filmmaking, I realize that it came out prior to the others, but it seems for some reason it is just now getting the attention it deserves. Maybe because it's a German language film it took some time for the word to get out. Side note...you have the option of English and several other languages. I watched in English and was hard pressed to notice. The dubbing process was so good. I don't know how they did it, but was done to perfection, like everything else about this series. I'm not going into the story, which was very intricate but spellbinding throughout. It's foreboding, mysterious, exciting and addictive. It's beautiful and the soundtrack and editing are phenomenal. I can't imagine where Netflix goes from here. But I can't wait to find out. Sic mundus creatus est.
Present, past and future is just an illusion. Today and tommorow everything is connected
I have no words to explain Dark that's it. I am not a big fan of time travel scenarios, but these series have kept me fascinated and fully engaged. It is very complex with many characters, most of them represented by several versions of themselves from different times, constantly and very dynamically moving between epochs, with their destinies connected to each other in most twisted and bizarre ways.
You do have to be very concentrated and attentive to remember all the characters and connections between them so you do not loose the plot - I usually do not like it in long series with several seasons, but this time it is really worth it. With every new episode and new details being revealed you understand the main plot better and better, but new secrets and unexpected twists keep emerging.
It has a great pace - I binge watched the second season until 2am, and I cannot wait for season 3! I am writing this review (Without Any SPOILER) after watching Dark season 1 and 2 completely. Its outstanding and one of the best web series I have ever seen. Both seasons, from start to end, never failed to make me excited. Every episodes of both series was full of twists and turns (mainly season 2).
The actors are good, nobody made it too dramatic.
The story is completely unpredictable (this thing makes it one of the best, I think), and complicated, but in a logical way. Season 1 arises so many questions in viewers mind, and the season 2 successfully answered most of those(obviously some are intentionally kept to be disclosed at season 3).<br/><br/>I highly recommend it to those who love sci-fi genre. I loved watching it, and waiting eagerly for the next season😊 Let me make this clear right now, this is the best show on Netflix by far. Yes, it starts off slow people please don't quit on it after a few episodes. Once the time travel aspect comes into the show and they start putting everything together is when your mind will be blown. I've seen shows that I have loved and never bothered to review on here before, but I couldn't let this one slide. This show will make you think different about life and maybe your own existence. It's literally a thrill and I'm so happy I gave it a fair shot. I wasn't too sure about this during the first episode - it's very atmospheric and dramatic, but H-O-L-Y CRAP does it take off after that. I was sitting on my the of my seat for so much of this, and I am leaving this review after just finishing the season 2 finale on Netflix moments ago.<br/><br/>This is an incredible show with great acting, good music, and the most whiplash inducing story that will keep you guessing the whole way through. I can't wait for season 3, and it might be just one of the most fantastic science fiction shows ever.<br/><br/>Watch this. You won't regret it. I have watched a few excellent German language shows and know how good they can be. This is yet another, the story is very complex and layered. It is quite dark in spots as the title hints at. The filming, acting score and everything else is top notch. I just started season 2 and so far excellent. Absolutely it's the best series not American language greatttttt I Probably alongwith Mindhunter, Netflix's best original show.<br/><br/>Let me say from the outset, though its name maybe 'Dark', the show is not scary, has some thriller scenes and is infact a time travelling drama series.<br/><br/>Like season 1, I found season 2 addictive and fully bingeworthy.<br/><br/>In this season, scenes are shown over 5 different timelines, each timeline 33 years apart (can you imagine!) and you are seeing scene after scene, trying to think and make sense all through the show, trying to remember who is who in which timeline, characters going from timeline 5 to timeline 1, characters travelling through the cave wormhole from timeline 4 to timeline 3, while timeline 3 story is going on, and they catch sight of their older selves but don't recognise them, or a character who had travelled to timeline 5, comes to timeline 4 and meets himself and so many such similar episodes, and the ending, what was that..another timeline, a different world or dimension?<br/><br/>This is not sci-fi or a CGI show but pure thriller mystery storytelling spread over different timelines<br/><br/>All through the show I was trying think how the shows director and story writers must have imagined the story, the show, the scenes, the same characters over different timelines interlapping, etc.<br/><br/>Simply superb, never seen anything like this. Hats off to Netflix and the shows creators. Everything about this show is amazing. The casting is superb for finding older and younger selfs who look alike. The writing keeps you connected and enthralled while wondering what will happen next. The cinematography is outstanding. The music score sends chills down your spine. Can't wait for the next season. After finishing season 2, I'm just speechless. Same thing that happened to me after I watched Interstellar a few years ago. The way the characters are built and how the story is told is beyond words. One thing: For best results, watch it in its original language. Absolutely blown away by season 2 , epic drama , especially season season finale was dope . I watched with English subtitles never got bored absolute gem Perfectly created.. Best Music.. It always manage to surprise you I just started season 2. 3rd episode in and this serie gets better with every passing episode. It really pulls me in.<br/><br/>Some people compare this with Stranger Things but they are totally different.<br/><br/>Dark feels more like a mature version of 12 Monkeys and that was a great series in it's own right. So glad I stumbled upon this series when it launched. I binge watched each seaspn, as it was impossible to stop! Amazing story, writing, production, characters/casting acting, music, basically everything! I can't wait for third and final season! Well done, Dark! This has set the bar for years to come. Masterpiece thus far! It is a legend, i watched it all in one day, i am so excited for Season 2 THIS IS GREAT<br/><br/>I'm not really a fan of German movies and TV shows but this really blew my mind ! great cinematography, great acting , great story and it's NOT A STRANGER THING COPY! if you want something mind bending and a bit more stranger than stranger things WATCH THIS ! <br/><br/>Netflix is doing really great stuff and i'm looking forward to see more German or maybe austrian Netflix TV-Shows or movies :)<br/><br/>But one bad thing in my opinion is, that the English voice over is really bad, it sounds kinda like Netflix didn't really care what it would sound like with the voice over. <br/><br/>so for other German Netflix productions PLEAS DO ABETTER JOB WITH THE English VOICE OVER Dark is perhaps the most intellectually stimulating television show I've ever set my eyes upon. It follows four families throughout multiple generations, as they gradually unveil the dark mysteries eroding the relationships and lives of the citizens of Winden.<br/><br/>The plot is the most complex I've ever seen, and it's time travel done right. Every action, every word, every thought of the protagonists intricately weaves itself throughout the narrative, and unlike Game of Thrones, it doesn't miss a beat. Mysteries pile up upon each other and reveal themselves in interesting and cathartic ways, integrating you into the zeitgeist of the town and immersing you in the disturbing secrets of Winden. Much of the narrative comprises dark interpretations of biblical allusions, as well as philosophical rumination concerning morality, time, the origin of man, and original sin, with heavy inspiration from Nietzsche and Hermeticism.<br/><br/>The characters are complex and nuanced, each relation and character facet gradually revealed to the reader through a multigenerational perspective of character development. The cinematography is breathtaking. The acting is unrivalled by any currently airing television program.<br/><br/>Additionally, this is one of the few mystery/time travel series that doesn't progressively get worse after Season 1. Season 1 was a brilliant debut, and Season 2 miraculously managed to improve upon it in every facet, crafting the best season of television of the last five years.<br/><br/>Dark has already surpassed Dekalog as the greatest non-American television series. If Season 3 sticks the landing, I can easily see Dark being mentioned in the same breath as Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones (s1-4), The Wire, etc. for years to come as a top 5 television show of all time. Dark is a welcome contribution to the popular and well established horror/thriller/drama/sci-fi/German existential dread genre.<br/><br/>The series is set in the famous industrial town of Winden (located on the outskirts of Hamburg and Munich). Its cast consists almost entirely of middle class Germans, and its plot is driven by their complex desires and aspirations.<br/><br/>For many decades, Winden has been dominated by the rich and powerful Tiedemann family. Now cracks are appearing in their facade, as the Kahnwald, Nielsen, and Doppler families all find themselves connected to the Tiedemanns in peculiar ways.<br/><br/>As more connections are discovered, relationships between friends and family are stretched to breaking point. Secrets are revealed, and the shocking truth of Winden's history gradually comes to light.<br/><br/>Why does Winden experience regular blackouts despite the presence of a local nuclear power plant? Does this have something to do with the weird caves beneath a local hill? Why did Mads Mikkelsen vanish in 1986? Who is Adam? How did Noah kill the boys in the bunker? What happened to Helge Doppler's ear?<br/><br/>Good times!<br/><br/>At its heart, Dark is a socio-psychological narrative about the philosophy of time travel. But it handles the concept in a very German way that proves superior to any movie or TV series I've seen before.<br/><br/>When faced with time-related paradoxes and contradictions, most script writers try to skirt around them or resolve their logical dilemmas in some way. Dark breaks new ground by embracing these dilemmas, and working them into the script without any attempt at resolution.<br/><br/>Just when the viewer is about to ask 'Yeah, but doesn't this raise the issue of how and where the whole thing got started in the first place?' Dark anticipates the question by raising it on screen in an exchange between two bewildered cast members. This is incredibly refreshing. Better yet, the answer is a brutal one.<br/><br/>There have been complaints about the number of black people in Dark. Some say there's not enough black people; others say there's too many. Personally I think Dark has exactly the right amount of black people, accurately reflecting the demographics of modern middle class Germany.<br/><br/>I rate Dark at 33.3 on the Haglee Scale, which works out as a perfect 10/10 on IMDB. I was just about giving up on netflix- then found DARK! anazing sci-fi with a supernatural twist. i highly recommend watching with the german audio & english subtitles- english audio is available but so much is lost. literally binge watched the 2 available seasons in 3 days! ufb! story, acting... off the charts! better put your thinking cap on and pay attention! if you miss even 1 line of dialogue, you'll be lost! i can't believe the second season cliff hanger- it's ummm...out of this world one might say... ðŸ˜‰ It really is a masterpiece! I feel no other words more aptly describe it other than that. I created an account for the first time to rate this series. I have currently only watched Season 1 and its excellent. One might be confused at first and its a little hard to keep track of their names and sometimes the timelines - a close watch is required to understand all that is going on. Its an excellent series and much better than most series out there.<br/><br/>The scoring points are a) The background - The best part of the series b) Casting and acting - Top notch c) The overall environment just takes you in the middle of things d) The story ties in nicely - its wonderfully edited and no scene is wasted e) Very well fleshed out characters<br/><br/>A must watch - A top notch German series - Anyone who liked movies like Interstellar, Inception, The Prestige etc. would just love this.<br/><br/>Can't wait to watch Season 2 and will start today. Your mind will blow. Probably it does not get the deserved global 10/10 becuase it is too difficult to be understood for the medium watcher who does not want any mind commitment. For all the rest withour doubt one of the most mind-blowing show ever! Quite convincing plot and the way they weaving a long web of interrelated plot is just mind bending. Not since 2010's Rubicon on AMC have we had such a rich, complicated story full of surprises! To say that I havent a scooby whats going on would be an understatement. That said it is a show that I cant stop watching. Somehow compelling, I just want to watch more and understand less!.
Really well done, I found the first one hard enough to follow so I am deffo in the dark with this one.
I will not be going into any caves soon!!!!
Watch it , its just great. It is very short and very intresting tv seris i think dark is in top 5 of the best tv seris Everything you wanted from Lost, and then some. Incredibly detailed writing and some of the best mystery I've had in years. Salty GoT fans (like myself) should be flocking here.<br/><br/>Not sure why isn't also marked as a sci-fi. The crime element is toned down pretty early in the series. I will not compare it to other shows, but this is one of the best things I've ever seen. It's a masterpiece. Amazing!!! I understand that some people rate the series poorly: not everyone is able to comprehend the complexity of the plot and some of us are just happy with a stupid "upside-down".
I used to hate it when the authors introduced time travel in their series (i.e. Star Trek); it made no sense and felt like lazy writing to me but Dark hit a whole new level. The plot is basically explaining a real thing in physics: the bootstrap paradox. I also like the slow progression at the beginning: you need that pace to familiarize yourself with the environment and the names before it gets real twisted. This is one of the best shows I've ever seen! Funnily enough it's also one of the first German shows I've watched so I'm now wondering if I have been missing out for all these years? It's fantastic.... truly! Story is amazing, characters are amazing .... the casting to get the age difference but resemblence is amazing! This beats Stranger Things hands down! It's so good that I've just finished watching it dubbed in English but am now going to go back and watch it again from the start with Subtitles just to get the full experience..... best thing on Netflix ever!!!!! We started watching this series using both subtitles and (English) dubbing. After three episodes we switched to the native German while keeping the English subtitles. I recommend keeping it in its native language and using the subtitles you may require.<br/><br/>The story line, acting, directing, and plot execution is superior. We could find no holes in the creative meshing of various timelines within the plot. The actors, without exception are top-notch and the Directing is without fault. This series is everything we wanted Stranger Things to be, and more.<br/><br/>Netflix should give itself a big hug. Well done. May we have more please? Such an impressive TV series, how all the past, present and future lives are interwoven so cleverly without the odd plot hole is mind boggling in itself. This is the only show that i give 10/10. It is an masterpiece. This show is completely mind-blowing, how everything is connected makes this show a complete master piece An isolated town dominated visually and economically by the local nuclear reactor. Mysterious caves that hold strange secrets. A set of characters that have intertwined and emotionally charged relationships which stretch backward (and maybe forward?) in time. Crank up the heavy electronic score, keep the lights low with leaden skies and endless rain, and get ready for some dialog that would never work in spoken English but sounds just great in German. (If only "Interstellar" had been in German!)<br/><br/>But, seriously, some great entertainment value in this series. Decent production values and, unless you are already watching lots of German TV, some fresh faces! I have never watched a show quite like this one. To start, it is nothing like Stranger Things. I can see how people get that vibe from the first episode but as you continue to watch the story unfold, it's quite obvious Dark is far more intricate and developed in a completely different way. What Dark does better than any show I've ever seen is character development and continuity of its storyline. The casting is absolutely incredible and the creators of this show should feel an overwhelming sense of pride from their finished result. This is not a show you can flick on and space out or play around on your phone while watching. If you aren't German or don't speak German, it is still best to watch in German with subtitles to get the full emotions and rawness of the characters (seriously don't watch the English dub, it gives a completely different feel and it's a bit hard to watch because of that). This show sticks with you. I cannot stop thinking about the characters, the cinematography, the music, the theories. I am incredibly relieved to know they have always planned on three seasons and only three seasons. To me it feels like they will wrap it up in a satisfying way and not drag itself out like we've so recently experienced with other shows. I want to say I am sad not many people know about this show or even give it the time of day when scrolling through Netflix but I also feel as though it's not for the faint of heart. Your head will be spinning after every single episode and it takes your full attention to fully absorb the masterpiece that is Dark. Season one was intriguing, deep and satisfying. Season two hits the ground running and never stops. When i started watching first episode late at night, i wasnt prepared that i would be tempted to watch 4 more episodes until probably 3 AM. I was completely hooked and wanted to watch more. The series is so enjoyable, smart, thought provoking, beautiful, artistic. The soundtracks, the actors, the details are fascinating. I can see how much work was put into this. In my opinion, this series is on the level of big high budget series, yet i feel like it is less known, which is pity but i believe the word will spread in no time.<br/><br/>I am writing this review after watching season 1 for the 2nd time, because i felt i didnt grasp the whole thing or missed important reference. <br/><br/>The crew behind this series did a fascinating job. Really, job well done. <br/><br/>Can't wait for season 2 There are no words to describe how genious this show is ! A really outstanding piece of television. With gripping storytelling and a slow, menacing feel, it had me hooked from the first episode. Ignore comparisons to Stranger Things. It's a lot deeper and darker than that. The way the lives of the residents of Winden intertwine is masterful writing. It reminded me a little of Donnie Darko in its atmosphere. Would highly recommend as one of the best things on Netflix. I heard of this TV show from friends back when it debuted, but I didn't watch it until now for one simple fact - I dislike German language ðŸ™‚
So basically I refused to watch it although everyone around me kept saying it's great just for that one reason.
A few nights ago I was bored, I was scrolling up and down on Netflix app, and for some reason I decided to finally give it a try, like fine I'll watch it, but only one episode.
Well, I found myself immediately hooked, this TV show is simply made for binge-watching, after every episode you want more details of this great story, I just couldn't stop myself until I watched all episodes in just 2 days (lucky me it was weekend).<br/><br/>Everything about this TV show is great, story is absolutely fantastic and it's probably the best time-travelling story ever filmed, acting is superb, directing as well...<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and watch it ! It's seriously hard to write a review on this masterpiece. Everything is astonishingly perfectly made.
The story is so beautifully complex and twisted it's hard not to make a complete mess out of it. But the writers did their job. It all doesn't makes sense but at the same time it absolutely does. It leaves you with tons of questions and doubts, but at the same time it explains everything. Everything fits, every single detail you might not even pay attention to at first falls into place at some point.
The acting is on point and it's incredible how much all versions of the characters resemble each other. You cannot tell they are different actors.
The music helps create the atmosphere of mystery, creepiness, sadness that surrounds the show.
At some points watching S1 I literally had to pause for a few minutes the episode I was watching because of all the emotions I was feeling, may it be because of the unbelievable things that were happening or because of the perfectly conveyed eerie atmosphere.
S2 is as good, if not better, as S1. And for a show that deals with topics like time travel that's difficult to achieve, as it's hard not to fall into contradictions or ruin the concept of the first season.
I can't recommend this series enough. Probably the best one on Netflix. This is a must watch series especially if you like mystery, science-fiction ..also if you like science in general and interesting in physics and time traveling ..
well written and acted , good directing and producing ..
also good to learn some German..
it's full of great QUOTES and philosophical thinking.. Please don't compare Dark with the other brilliant show Stranger Things. Dark has its own tale to tell. The character development is excellent as this dark tale unfolds. So in short if your're looking for a Suspenseful, Sci - fi drama then look no further. >This show is great, BUT it's not for the casual viewer who just wants to be entertained....no brain usage required.
For example, My mom would hate it, she'd be so confused she'd just quit watching and bad mouth it b/c she's too lazy brained to pay attention & try to understand it.
Me, I love to figure things out, and I love time travel so this show is right in my wheelhouse.<br/><br/>>Dubbing & subtitles:
I watch tv mostly at night, laying down so I don't want to "have" to read the subtitles, so I watched the English dubbed version.
( I always have English subtitles on, but for just in case not b/c I have to.
>> FYI, No dubbing is ever great. It's good enough, and after awhile you hardly notice. Believe me, I didn't watch this show when it first came out b/c I thought dubbing was bad.
> It's not like stranger things. It's more comparable to, maybe Lost.
The both science & pseudo science mysteries. With an intricate plot, leading to more questions and the need for possible note taking.
Just realized, That was what watching Lost was for me: brain usage, figuring things out, took notes, googled episodes and my mom started to hate it and quit watching and bad mouthed it. It is absolutely worth watching and trust me when i say this because I have watched more than 100 TV shows and series across the all OTT.<br/><br/>Dark" is one of the few TV series which makes an impression on the viewer's memory, it challenges the intelligence and gives food for thought.<br/><br/>It is an impeccably written story and every nuance of the supernatural events is shown remarkably. The strength of the story is profound characters and their actions, the dialogues are powerful.<br/><br/>The setting, production design and wonderful actors make the story more resounding and technical aspects are top notch. The editing does wonders, we are seeing different timelines and seamless transition from one to another timeline is constructed beautifully.<br/><br/>Specially the Background OST it is really fascinating and riveting it will take you to another world .I can't get over it after 1 week.<br/><br/>Must Must Must watch Such dedication became in a perfect show. A soundtrack that can make feel so many different things in so little time. By far the most amazing show I have had the pleasure viewing.
I started this show last year and gave up because I couldn't get into the whole subtitles thing. What a mistake.<br/><br/>I tried again with the English dubbed version and wow.<br/><br/>I don't think I will find another show to keep me ticking over until s3 has released.<br/><br/>Only thing I can recommend is having your phone handy as I few times I had to Google certain characters as they show you them in different times. One of the most interesting plots I've encountered on TV in a long time! If English, use the subtitles!!! (dubbing dreadful at best of times, here particularly bad) This TV series is so tricking amazing ... You should watch it . And don't forget to bring a pen and a paper to understand derk hhhh. I can't describe the story line and direction. It's a masterpiece. All I can do is wait for season 3 to know when and where is the beginning ðŸ˜Š.
Everything is connected ðŸ™Œ The best science fiction TV show i have ever watched. !!!!! Salute to the gorgeous cast!! How to describe this... This has so many good twists, it turns a tornado building up from the pretty slow season 1 to the breathtaking season 2. I didn't expect this to turn a real masterpiece really. It was an interesting concept and story in the beginning, but little did I know what was coming.. I could also compare it to a little snowball, turning into something bigger and huge every second. As a fan of the genre, I have seen almost all time travel shows, this surely is fresh and delicious! Well done Germany. Where do I start with Dark; I guess straight from the heart <3
The most compelling captivating TV show to ever grace our TV screen.
It grabs you from the get go, and does not let go! It tears at the heart strings and electrifies the soul.
If you haven't watched Dark yet, what are you waiting for? I am you , TICK TOCK ;) This is the first review I have ever left on here, I don't usually review things myself but I do often read the reviews of others so I thought I'd give something back after watching the second season of Dark.
I have watched so many shows, I love nothing more than getting into something but I'm picky with what I choose to watch I'll admit that. I thought that the German would throw me off but definitely not, I have actually fallen in love with the German language after watching Dark. I loved the premise of this show, the darker side of time-travel etc but I wasn't prepared for how absolutely mind-blowing this series would be. Every episode is a mini masterpiece, the cinematography, the music, the fantastic acting of the whole cast, the way it leaves you on the edge of your seat, questioning your own mind and life- my kind of programme.
The show has been cast perfectly, the lead actors are all brilliant- you literally feel as though you're a fly on the wall in German town on Winden actually watching all of this unfold. I won't say too much as I don't want to give anything away but the subject matter is difficult, some scenes were hard to watch and I felt a lot of emotion but it has all been done so well, very carefully and the attention to detail is really quite something. The actors who play Jonas, Martha & Middle Aged Claudia, Hannah and Ulrich are my favourites but as I said the whole cast is tremendous. I watched season1 and 2 within 7 days & am missing it already, the next series cannot come fast enough. Utterly gripping. Sometimes labyrinthine but well worth every second.<br/><br/>I'll be watching this again very soon. This show is amazing. The story is intelligent and complex, the characters are three-dimensional, the muted colours (and constant rain) match the sombre atmosphere - the woods are especially oppressive, which clearly sets the tone for the story line. Honestly, I was completely blown away when I watched this. Tension is built slowly but steadily, until it becomes almost unbearable. The whole thing is just so competently made, so creative, so beautifully shot, it's almost impossible to find something to criticise. The only criticism I have (something subjective, not an actual flaw) is that, true to German cinematic tradition, most characters are pretty terrible people and everything is kind of depressing. But that's German drama for ya. Like I said, that's not a flaw, but it's something that sometimes gets me down a bit. In any case, the name is A+ accurate. The tone of the show is pretty dark, and yet, it's not gritty for no reason. There is no shock value here. Viewers have to pay attention at all times, so they won't get lost in the intricacies of plot and characters, but it's worth it. The only world where the son can be born before the father , i'm afraid to tell this but it's one of the greatest show i ever seen. Can't wait next season. I am always so intrigued by the concept of time travel. And this seems to be one of the most well thought concept on this subject. But you have to watch it carefully lest should you get confused because of multiple timelines running. The twists are quite enthralling and its hard to find who is right and who is wrong that is who wants to continue this cycle and who wants to stop it. If anybody likes this genre surely a recommendation for them. Best series about time travel ever created truely magnificent one hatsoff to the creater The story, actors, directing.... everything is just right with no loop holes.
a mix of mystery, drama, scifi. it doesn't matter what language you watch this in, it's beyond exceptional. First and foremost, this TV show is a masterpiece of mind blowing proportions. The casting and acting are phenomenal,. The soundtrack is amazing and the story line is, well there are no words to describe how unbelievably awesome it is. Since binging season two twice, every other TV show I've attempted to watch is simply lacking. Im from Germany and we dont have a lot of good movies or series. Thats just my opinion.
I could never do much with German productions but Dark blows my mind. After Season one it was 9/10. I did not think it could get any better but the second season was unbelievable again and i have to change the rating to 10/10. Im a huge Fan of Back to the Future and now I can say with pride that Germany finally has one of the best Series in the Timetravel Genre. And one thing I have to get rid of is how good the soundtrack fits into the whole story. Its so dark and i loved every second. I just wanted to say thank you for this masterpiece and im waiting eagerly for season 3. Greetz from Germany :) I won't say anything here that could be considered a spoiler, because you really should go into this show knowing as little as possible about it. I will say that, if you can, please please please try to watch it with German audio and English subtitles (obviously if English is your thing). The dubbing on this show is the only bad thing about it. It's just awful.<br/><br/>But even if you have to dub it, just watch it. It's brilliant. I agree with all the positive reviews, descriptors, and comparisons. Find a character map (without spoilers) online and keep it as a reference. It will help you remember character names. Ja! Watch it in German! I loved the show and the second season is best. Building of the new concept and the endless loophole. Soundtrack of the show is mindblowing it feels more darker and richer. A true masterpiece of storytelling, acting and visual appeal. Best show ever! What a fantastic show we've seen, its such a fantastic scenarios and brilliant two seasons, what I can say about Dark is the best series and TV show in the last two years, we can't wait until the third and the last season to come out . I wouldnt complained if we had 10 seasons of this show. It is probably most underrated mind-blowing show right now. Twists and turns are gonna keep you on the edge of the seat and clues are meticulously planted that will even the best spoiler guessers miss.<br/><br/>Watch this immediately. I felt like I needed to clarify that this series is nothing like "Stranger Things". It is a series about time travel and it is very similar to the movie "Predestination", so if you liked that movie and you like dark and twisted family drama, you will really enjoy this series. It is a bit hard to follow at first because there are so many characters connected through space and time. I saw it in German and in English and I have to say, watching it in English really took a lot away from the experience, so watch it in German if you can! This show is absolutely amazing. It's captivating, dramatic, and intriguing. It will absolutely leave you wanting more. I highly recommend this show to everyone, especially if you are interested in Sci-Fi in the slightest. If you aren't, I bet you'll love the show regardless! I do not know how the story will continue but.... the first season is a MASTERPIECE. A true masterpiece of TV series, not for Germany, but on a world scale! This is my first review ever. I couldn't resist to not to write something about this masterpiece! So supernatural and yet so realistic. Incredible show. Cannot stop thinking about it. I loved this show from the very first episode and was anxiously awaiting for the next season! I just finished season two and the writers did not disappoint! It's so creative and infinitely mind boggling!! Countdown begins for season 3!! Game of Thrones should've hired the writers from Dark! The second season can be described like this:
So many decisions and how they affected each other's life has a strongly base on the timeline continuity for the story as how well they know themselves to trust or not in the others.<br/><br/>The wait for this is worth it Every character in this series is so important in the point you can't able to remember them at all. The story is so dark and fantastically twisted, loved it. With excellent Season 1, Season 2 does not fail to live up to the expectations. Simply amazing! I must say I wasn't overly confident with this show as solely for the fact it was in German but then I realised it had an English dub, anyway it was rubbish and I gave up, I decided I'll try again with subtitles and I was not disappointed, great show with solid acting twists and turns and leaves you confused at times but in a good way! If subtitles is a reason you do not want to watch this I say give it one episode and you will change your mind! Excellent and exciting So exciting, the plot twists is so mind blowing it's really one of my favorite series 10/10 Science fictions are my all time favorites. And I can never get tired of a good time-paradox or time-loop based story.This is another masterpiece. I need to mention, I very much loved the movie Predestination (same genre). And then when I first started to watch and understand Dark, it just got into me. The series has more details, more complications and more drama to it. The more complicated it gets the more I get into the story. Hats off to the casting for maintaining relevancy in their past-present-future looks. Now waiting for the final season and hoping for a satisfying end. ❤ This show is incredible. It starts out with a mystery. Then each character slowly starts to realize they are a piece of a puzzle to the mystery, but they have no idea where their place is. And the puzzle continues to grow more and more intriguing and complicated. But as a viewer you get to see the whole puzzle slowly come together.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of any mystery/thriller/horror genre then you'll love this show! I was in awe while watching this series. It is so wonderfully written. All the characters, the interconnections and dependence of events is shown perfectly and in a way that makes you ask for more. It is one hell of an addictive series and I salute the creators who came up with the basic idea and the presentation. It is by far one of the best sci-fi genre series ever. I can't even describe in words the feelings this masterpiece gave me. It is captivating and really intense, I would recommend this to anyone who takes interest in sci-fi series. This show is the epitome of what it takes to build the most gripping series ever made in history. This become my favorite series ever and i don't think it will be easy for any other show to reach at the level of Dark it's just perfect and epic This is masterpiece whoever wrote this story is seriously have Nolan level IQ This show has ticked all boxes. Script is fantastic and the brilliant direction and pacing only magnifies it's excellence. Superb acting from all the actors and the casting director has done a really wonderful job. Cinematography is on point with great colors and visuals. Soundtrack is just awesome smartly placed.
Hats off to Baran Bo Odar and Jantje Friese for giving us twists and mysteries and explaining them in a proper way in further episodes. It grows on you already watched the first season thrice and on my way to watch season 2 for the second time. This will be talked about for generations. I was afraid that season 2 will ruin the whole thing cause i like season 1 very much ,but after watching season two , i was blown away , this show needs 100% concentration and maybe paper and a pen , truly amazing show and i can't wait for season 3 This is one is the best Netflix series, waiting for season 3 now Absolutely freaking Brilliant!! It's like nothing that one has seen before.The kind of story that stays with you long after you've finished watching it. Stranger Things and all other sci-fi series seem juvenile after this. Every passage of the story is pacy, gripping, mind-bending and thrilling. Best is to maintain a chart while watching so as to connect all the dots. The soundtrack is sick and only adds to the mystic of the story. The only trouble with watching Dark is that anything you see after this will seem slow and boring. My title says it all....This show, together with CHERNOBYL ( which this show features as well) are the best and must see shows that 2019 has offered us!<br/><br/>In contrast to, for example LOST, this show actually assumes some level of intelligent viewer and does not think we are all idiots...<br/><br/>No cheap thrills here, real intelligent, emotional story line, real looking people acting as if real....<br/><br/>It just blows away almost anything Hollywood produces ( especially recent work)<br/><br/>The score is also spot-on Love this show! Everytime I think I understood what is going on BANG! There is another unexpected twist that keeps surprising you the more you watch it. The best Netflix show🔥 season 3 please come quickly 💔😭 This series would be a lot higher rated, if it would be an englisch one!<br/><br/>My advice: Please don't read any spoiler... Waw... that's the only word that comes to mind after finishing season 2 on Netflix. I am not sure if anything has captured the aspect of time (and time travel) so well as Dark does.<br/><br/>It's amazing how all storylines are so complexely intertwined and still make sense at the end. That's simply great writing.<br/><br/>Actors are great as well. They fill all scenes with so much subtlety and emotion.<br/><br/>Now the only thing I can do is feel sorry season 2 is finished and the wait for season 3 starts! Masterpiece great show i will recommend everyone who likes mystery drama type of stuff go and watch this Amazing show. It's a must watch. Over and over. That is the only way to get your head around it. It's like looking at a masterpiece. Realizing it is one. But not knowing just exactly why yet. But. In time you will. I cannot even try to understand how you write a show like this. Took a while to understand some things. But once you do. That is when the masterpiece truly reveals itself to you. I got the name of this show from my friend and I finished watching 2 seasons in 3 days... WOOw. It is incredible of the story telling, the plot, the cast. Very well done!!! So good, the atmosphere, the acting, the writing everything is amazing with a very complex and rich story that will keep you guessing until the end.<br/><br/>this show is in my opinion is really underappreciated just because it's in germany doesn't mean it's unwatchable.<br/><br/>the story about the 4 family's (known as dark's family tree) is very fascinating and their all connect to each other the way that makes your head explode.<br/><br/>definitely worth your time i absolutely recommend this if you like drama/mystery with some si-fi elements... this is exactly for you. One of the best series out there. Mind blowing series. Watch it with German Audio and Eng Subtitles. The best German series by far and one of the best international shows ever.
A rare case of the second season topping the first, after No. 1 being flawless already. Hard to wait so long for the next season to unfold more of the mysteries of Winden.<br/><br/>Music, picture, dialogs, casting, acting and plot all top notch.<br/><br/>The story is emotional, thrilling, intelligent and thought provoking. I particularly love how times and generations being switched, how motives being explained and plot-lines crossed.
The human condition, its failures and triumphes being shown in intergenerational and timeless contacts and conflicts.<br/><br/>Please keep up with this standard and come up with more! From the beginning, Dark had me hooked. The storyline for this show is raw, fresh, and always keeps you on your toes. This show makes you want to take notes and discuss with everyone! It is always a great feeling to be able to watch a show that delivers such suspense and raw intensity as Dark does. I can not get enough! Eagerly awaiting Season 3! The greatest show I have ever watched! I really love the dark theme of the series. Time travel has always been a subject of interest for me since I was a child and this series puts everything in place so perfectly for me. I've watched a lot movies relating to time travel but nothing got me invested into time travel like the way Dark did. Obviously there's not a lot of series containing time travel material!
And lastly, this show is nothing like Stranger Things!!!! I almost burned my brain. I watched pure attention. Congratulations. It was great. I hope the series will continue. After reading all the great reviews I had to push myself through the first episode, it is hard to get into with the English voice over but knew it had to be something brilliant. The series is so beautifully written that it didn't take me too long to be captured. The casting is phenomenal, character development out of this world, and writing a work of art. I am completely mind blown. It is hard to track each character, how they relate and where they belong, but I love being challenged by a series and trying to figure out what's coming next. Some times I was right, most of the time mind blown. Amazing! Possibly the greatest TV show ever. Absolutely amazing directing, cinematography, script and score. All the characters have depth and are extremely well-crafted and well-acted. Every aspect of this series is done well -no mistake in any department was made. BEST BEST BEST NETFLIX TV SERIES EVER.YOU DEFINITELY HAVE TO WATCH I love a good time travel tale, and this is one of the best! This thing burned my brain. But it is the best series that i have ever seen As u watch episode after episode, It surprises u more and more,Its the best mystery series along with stranger things....... It's really a great work ! S2 explained a lot of things but still there's new puzzles will be solved in S3 , so excited for S3 !!! I can't believe someone could be so genius writing something like Dark! Amazing!!! I'm complete addicted! For those of you who loved Twelve Monkeys, you are going to adore this time travel conspiracy soap thriller sci-fi series. Incredible mind bending storyline, amazing actors, binge watchable even with subtitles. Two short seasons so far, cliffhangers that make sleeping until the next episode impossible so now I am waiting impatiently for the third season. This tv show is really special, you need to see the details, like a book "Godel, Escher, Bach : aneternal Golden braid" . This movie is very intellectual, the theory of paradox, everything can exist. I've seen the first trailer of Dark around 9 months ago and my initial response was "Hey this looks like German Stranger Thigns". My initial response of the first episode was "Hey this still looks like German Stranger Things". Why? It has the same elements the ST has. A small town, people with problems, some kids that go to woods and the chain of weird events start. A government run facility that's plotting something. Even the setting of the village reminded me so much of ST. <br/><br/>I still liked it solely because of the performances of every actor. They sold their roles. Of course I shouldn't forgot the cinematography, set design and the colors used in the movie. <br/><br/>After a couple of episodes later my response changed and it totally shifted its direction in my head. Surely it was strange but it wasn't Stranger Things anymore. The characters weren't "hollywood"ized like in Stranger Things. Bear in mind that I really like ST a lot. I'm not saying that this is better than ST, but you shouldn't judge the series just because it has similar elements to another series. Stranger Things is one of the least original TV shows I've ever seen, I still liked it. I didn't compare it to the series that came before it. If you start this series expecting the cheesiness, fun, horror, sci-fi you will be disappointed. This one lives up to it's name. It's really dark.<br/><br/>Although this series have some supernatural aspects, it's main selling point is the characters and the outstanding drama that's created among them. The kids, the adults, the present and the past, lies and deception, hopes and desperation are the series' meat. And the whole thing was given in such an atmosphere that I actually believed in the existence of those characters, of those "people". <br/><br/>The series could've been a masterpiece, but there are some aspects of it that pull the series back. The beginning and the end. The beginning isn't anything new. It's mostly what you have seen in other series. And the series ended abruptly, leaving a lot of questions in my head. <br/><br/>Nevertheless, this is a fantastic experience, but not an experience for everyone. I can imagine people getting bored of it. The series' build up is quite slow, but I can live with that, I wasn't expecting another Stranger Things from it. The most intriguing show I have ever watched.It's a masterpiece from Netflix. ** NO SPOILERS ** Dont worry 😊
This is one of the best of best of best series I have ever watched in my entire life... to be honest the plot is complicated .. but this is the best thing you will ever watch in your life.... it is incomparable.....
🖤Guys if you haven't watched it untill now... you are wasting your life..🖤
If you have Netflix start watching it today itself!
🖤Never miss this .... and I assure you that you wont regret watching it!!❤💯💯💯❤ ...🖤 If you start with this show. You need to view it with peace as there are so many characters to cope with in parallel timeline. Kudos to writer and director to bring a twisted plot. You are engaged in the show from the first scene till the last.
Actors have played their roles fantastic
Its surely a series to watch Remember the character names, and every episode feels like gold The best series I have ever seen. It deserves 100/10 âœŠ Its a time travel classic.... one of the best show but its not same as stranger things.... there will a point u will be confused with the characters so remember the name of everyone... i did it myself to understand the story properly.... I love to be immersed in the scene so I chose to watch with English dubs. It is not too bad and don't let pretentious jerks make you feel that you must watch it in the original language with subtitles. Do what you will enjoy.<br/><br/>This show is incredible from the storyline to the camera work to the music. It is most incredible with their ability to find actors that look like their older or younger counterparts.<br/><br/>It does take a few episodes to get the hang of who is who but I did so without any family tree images viewers have created.<br/><br/>This show really made me think, which was a nice change compared to a lot of easy to digest shows available these days. It kept me interested through the entire first two seasons and hopefully the third. There is an overarching mystery that plays in each episode slowly revealing more and more details that lead to more and more questions. I can't wait for season three to release so hopefully most of my questions will be answered. Amazing . This Series keeps my brain awake
and also not letting me escape for 1 second so serious till the last episode . I would like to Act in the Indian version of this . I would like to act the role of Jonas I'm waiting for my brain to forget just enough details that I can watch it again and feel that similar feeling I had throughout the show. So trippy and deep, exactly what a series about time travel should be.<br/><br/>I still can't find any flaws in it... I mean maybe some plot stuff? I honestly don't care. The character arcs are perfect, the storylines are perfect, the theme is perfect, the premise is perfect... LOL ...anyways you get the idea.<br/><br/>Just watch it on Netflix and don't worry about noticing that the german dubbing and subtitles don't match up, I came to find it part of the charm of watching. This show is the best TV show I have ever seen second too none, the only show that comes close to this in my book is Lost or Fringe. The Sci-Fi aspect combined with the masterful use of multiverse and time travel has never before been explored like this, that, combined with an amazing soundtrack completes this as my all time favorite. This is must watch series
This is the one of the best series
I'm from india ðŸ‡®ðŸ‡³ I want to this series in Hindi
I'm sure india give lots of love for this series I signed up for an account just to give this series a 10/10!!
It is like nothing i have ever seen.
Amazing! Every episode! So cleverly crafted! This show has everything you could ask for; it's such a gripping show.
Makes you wonder that there are levels to this game i.e. (TV series)<br/><br/>Where do i begin praising the writing and character building that this show brings in.
if you;re skeptical about starting the show cause it's in German language or whatever reason it might be, JUST WATCH IT.
Also, the english dubbing is amazing so you wont miss out on anything.<br/><br/>PS: The MEME's about dark are so good, you just need watch the show to understand them. It is the bestest series I have ever watched and maybe the bestest series made by Netflix so far. Don't just only stop by language barrier use subtitles.its worth a watch . everything was so at its place whether it is editing or casting.#everything is connected. Everything in the series is perfectly timed, scripted and acted. In every next episode the series gets more intense and dark. Unlike other tv series nowadays in which the first season is well scripted and as the new seasons come they get lamey and boring but this one, 'Dark', is gripping minds. Across the board this is incredible. Compare this to nothing. Netflix have hit the nail on the head with this one. I've never written a review before as I just don't ever like a show so much that it's made me feel like I had to share my feelings towards it. This show is remarkable, I'm currently rewatching for a second time. Due to the nature of the show you pick things up the second time around. The acting is fantastic, the cinematography is amazing, the storyline is wonderful. I could go on for days about how much I love this show but watch it for yourself and see. Superb acting, beautifully written, great photography. The work young Jonas and adult Jonas have accomplished together is amazing, they do act like the same person. I can't wait for season 3 already! I'm sad though because apparently it will be the last one. Anyways, congratulations to the Dark team My boyfriend binged the first season of Dark in one day while I was at work. I had no idea what it was about, and was kinda skeptical at first, but best believe it is worth watching!<br/><br/>The range of emotions I felt throughout the first season made me ache for season two, and now after watching two, I'm highly anticipating season three! The second season finale will definitely leave you with more questions then answers and make you want to dedicate a wall in your home to trying to track the timelines and will drive you mad if you think about them too hard.<br/><br/>Season two ends on a cliffhanger that is so confusing that after my man and I finished the episode Endings and Beginnings we sat for almost two hours discussing what we had jut watched, trying to get all the timelines straight and hypothesizing about what would be revealed in season three.<br/><br/>The story of Jonas/The Stranger/Adam messes with my brain so hard it gave me a minor headache just trying to figure out what happens to turn The Stranger into Adam. Mikels story was pretty straightforward, but I wonder what would have happened if Jonas had not gone back to try to stop Michael from killing himself, also makes me wonder what would have happened if Mikel had never disappeared into the cave and into the past if nothing would have happened to make the show transpire at all.<br/><br/>...ok I know this may not be relevant or really matter to whoever reads this, but I just spent the last fifteen minutes trying to summarize the relationships in the show with everyone and how they correspond, and realized that in doing so I had looped myself back around to a point where I got confused all over again!<br/><br/>All in all, great show, fantastic casting, and an utterly immersive storyline that has captivated me for two seasons and I'm sure I'll be sad when that third season ends, but equally satisfied and confused at the same time! For storyline, themes, twists, character building overall feel and soundtrack this show is unbeatable. Didn't think they could build on Season 1 but I was pleasantly surprised. The writing for this show is beyond great. If you like Scifi / Thought Provoking shows this is #1 nothing comes close. After completing season 2, I am now convinced, that Dark is one of the best shows on Netflix, and in general. The plot is so thick and and the characters are so well written, it forces you to think about it a long time after you watched it. Just see for you self! I can't go into detail without spoiling something!<br/><br/>And to make one thing perfectly clear for once and for all: This is NOT NOT NOT like Stranger Things! The only similarities are that they both take place in the 80s and it is about missing children AND THAT IS IT!...but there is just SO MUCH more to it thant that! I have heared so many people in my circle of friends talking about how they stopped watching after episode 2 because "it is to much like Stranger Things." Well, you guys are missing out big TIME!
Infact I'm almost certain that Dark's story is much deeper than ST's, since it it's story is streched over the cause of over 90 years.<br/><br/>ST tells a good and very straight forward story, that I also like. In Dark, things are much more complex and the show is able throw some serious plot twists into your face and you will sit in front of the screen mindblown severel times during the show. Especially in season 2. Damn! Now I'm really looking forward to season 3.<br/><br/>After viewing season 2 I have to raise my over all rating form 8 to 9/10 stars. Lets see if that changes after season 3. Awesome Series! Interesting Season coming up.
"I wonder what Technology they are going to bring to the Table." To all the negative critics here, if you are plain dumb and thus so unable to understand this story does that mean it is a bad story?
It is slow,so are you...and??
Can you be objective? If your standards are this: "the story can't be complicated","the pace must be fast as fast and furious my favorite movie" ,"it rips-off movies I don't mention here" it should be read as this:"I'm dumb!","I'm very dumb"," I'm so dumb...please end my life!".
It "rips-off"? So every time-traveling story by the way.
Trolls and haters...that's what you are.
This is very well written( have you ever read a book?),The cinematography and the acting are top-notch and it captivates you until the end. If you can't keep up because the entanglement of too many characters you can find Dark's genealogical tree online. Excellent! Vraiment! La sÃ©rie est de meilleur en meilleur Ã  chaque Ã©pisode!! Rant/review for German show Dark - 10/10 Wow. <br/><br/>Where do I even start? It's downright perfect. First of all, it's nothing like Stranger Things. Kids went missing and lights flickered way before ST. Dark is way darker, complex, coherent, cohesive and thought provoking than ST could ever be (I enjoy ST but almost nothing is original in it. It's fun but nothing groundbreaking. Not for me anyway). <br/><br/>Dark kinda reminds me of movies like Donnie Darko (there's a very obvious tribute to it), Enemy, Arrival, Prisoners, etc. It's not thematically similar to Prisoners but proceeds like it, giving puzzle pieces to viewers as time passes. The cinematography, direction, acting is pretty bang on. It has gorgeous dark ambiance and the music score is perfect. The opening theme is mind blowing. It makes no sense when you see it for the first time and makes perfect sense when you're watching the last episode. It's a puzzle on it's own. Entire thing is, you're been given different pieces of it as the plot progresses. <br/><br/>There are no shock twists, if you're paying attention you'll see them coming. It isn't scary but is very dark and not for everyone. Can't think of a single happy moment. It lives up to it's name. It was a bit tricky to keep up with, multiple characters in 3 stages of life. It will take patience. <br/><br/>Anyway, hands down the most complex, thought provoking, intricately written show I've ever seen. Makes everything else look basic and simple. Has you contemplating life and pretty much everything. Go watch it. I desperately want this show to gain the recognition it deserves. This is beyond your ordinary TV show, this is the television of future.
Two years ago when I watched season 1 I was mindblown, I made all my friends watch it because I knew it was something special and never seen before. Now that I have watched season 2 (in one day), I wish to have the ability to erase my memory so I can enjoy it for the first time again :)
A round of applause for the cast, writers, directors, producers etc - this is how you do your job!! The character the plot the story telling
I just can't wait for season 3
Best show produced by Netflix hand down Dark (season 2) left me speechless. It's amazing. I had never seen a series about time travel like this. It is incredibly well made and the photography and soundtrack are exquisite. You have to see it now! Best show ever !!! You want too see every episode in one day ! It's all just perfect, writing,acting , .... cant wait until season 3 , and belief me that you will think it to ! It's mind blowing and you will make your hole brain work like never before (for a TV show) it's so special something new and not like 100 other shows . It's like the title: Dark !!! Watch it and you will understand what i mean :-). Greetings from a Belgium series fan ! ;-) I have never been the fan of TV series or Netflix thing but I just watched one episode of dark and I forget every thing I have ever watched .the story ,characters, acting ,dialogue, and mainly the grip on the story is truly amazing no one ever has or will be able to make time travel movie like this amazing This is so good. First season has been riveting from start to finish. You need to concentrate hard but so worth it. When I saw the S1 I was thrilled by the reveals in last episode but in S2, every episode has something to reveal. And my heart was pounding in the last scene.. Which was totally unexpected. I'm curious how they would integrate new dimension with current one
Till S3 I'll be on loop with S2 to find loop hole in the masterpiece created. Ik its hard "Dark" is definitely not a TV show for everyone. Its' gloomy and twisted tone may confuse the average viewer, but it's a true beauty to lovers of strange and atmospheric horror. It is not the type of series that builds too much on jumpscares, terrifying things in the woods or gory deaths. It has some scenes including these - but the true horror of "Dark" is psychological and more complex. The cinematography and detailed composition of each shot is one of the best aspects of "Dark". The characters are interesting enough but are somewhat difficult to relate to. Props to the talented cast that makes these characters more emotionally relatable due to their amazing acting skills. Intended or not, "Dark" has a lot of parallels to Netflix' "Stranger Things" like the flickering lights, the disappearance of a young boy, the use of 80s nostalgia and the facility that has a lot of secrets from the town. It is a journey that has winks to "Stranger Things" and kind of wants a piece of the enormous success of it, but all in all is enjoyable if you're okay with the slow pacing and some psychological and scientific complexity. As a fan of genre shows (Mystery/SF) I was excited to finally see this coming from Germany.<br/><br/>This is not much like "Stranger Things", as often has been claimed, (which is based more in style on the works of Stephen King and John Carpenter, rooted firmly in the US). It is more like a mixture of Twin Peaks & Donnie Darko. It is almost 'experimental' to German TV standards, this would never have been made by the traditional networks. By now Netflix should have themselves established as a major player in international genre shows. <br/><br/>The way of successively adding layer after layer of information about the characters and their history also supersedes the traditional closed episode narrative. (We only learn about the past as soon as someone actually visits it.)<br/><br/>There also are a lot of eighties references only some Germans might recognize:<br/><br/><ul><li>The mood after the Chernobyl disaster</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Raider bars, which have been re-branded to "Twix" in 1991 </li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Captain Future comic books published by Bastei </li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Nena's "Irgendwie, Irgendwo, Irgendwann" (Somehow, somewhere, sometime)</li></ul> A wonderful series. The first series to tell you about a journey in history is that everyone thinks it's a fantasy series . but the film is so natural and sophisticated that you doubt that the film is imaginary.
In addition to its complex and beautiful story and its intertwined and challenging story for the viewer . an interesting theme has been chosen. I personally loved traveling in time . but after watching this series . my opinion changed completely. Thanks for the wonderful series. One of the most beautiful series I've ever seen. Three years ago someone recommended me this show. Because I liked stranger things a lot. I started watching the show after reading a lot good reviews online. Let's give a try.<br/><br/>After watching the first episode of the show. I can say that I can recommend everyone this show. Especially if you like a good mystery.<br/><br/>The cinematic way of filming, the storytelling, the music, the characters you can relate to etc...It's a german spoken show from german/swits makers. That was not something I was used to, but after the first episode you forget it. There is a english dub you can use, but it's not something I would recommend.<br/><br/>I discribe this show as a mix of Stranger Things ( child missing, nuclear powerplant, 80's), Twin Peaks and Lost. The way of filming reminds me of swedish murder thrillers.<br/><br/>It's sad that this show is not more known. I think this show worth watching. Never ever i have watched such an Incredible series.
Purely masterpiece. Amazing cast. This is one of the most brilliant story telling I have witnessed recently. So engaging and love how with each episode everything starts to make sense. The tagline is spot on; everything is connected. The cinematography and background music are a treat. So excited for the third and last season. Tick tock... The best international tv show I've watched. Easily in my top 10 of all time shows. Probably top 5. Among the ranks of Breaking Bad, the wire, leftovers, and GoT 1-4. The casting, the acting, the cohesiveness of the story. Its challenging, it's not condescending, it's got twists, it's got reveals. I'm amazed that it exists and I'm so proud of Netflix for picking this up. Excellently 2 session
Waiting for the third season A must watch. I like it so much I will give it 10/10. It's the best. Just lock yourself in a room for 18 hours and enter winden don't even think if you should watch it. You need to. From a sci fi fan veiw, it is just simply breathtaking. Every second of every episode lingers with a sense of thrill that i haven't found in any other show yet. I love the idea of time travel and this is a show that has come up with and executed properly one of the more interesting concepts of time travel. There is nothing predictable about this show and I binge watched the entirety of S1 in one sitting because I couldn't get enough of it. The show is brilliantly written and all the actors and actresses are just great, honestly. The characters are not as they initially seem and everyone's hiding their own secrets. As S1 progressed, more and more questions are raised and not as many are answered, which keeps the audience interested and invested in the show.<br/><br/>This show has been compared to Stranger Things but I think the only similarity the two shows share is it takes place in the 80s. I have to mention the music in this show too because the soundtrack is so good. Art should never betray the very values defining it. And "Dark" accomplishes exactly that. It respects grandiosely the true spirit of Sci-fi. Something Hollywood, sank in cliches and cheap mercantilism has long forgotten. Amazingly written plot with interesting twists. Many episodes shock you and you look forward to watching a new one. The sound design is stunning. Atmosphere and masterful story telling of the show pull you right into the plot and even different names of characters, which may confuse you at first, make sense to you. If you thought that time travelling is overused device, consider watching this masterpiece and be ready to rethink your statement. I honestly did not expect a german TV-show to be that thrilling. The feeling of discomfort throughout the show was stunning. You always wanted to know what the next big secret is that has yet to be revealed.<br/><br/>The choice of music is in my opinion fitting although I can see why some people experience the opposite since some of the used songs are kind of "strong" or "overemphasizing". Especially the use of "Roomful of Teeth - Partita for 8 Voices" gave me goosebumps because when this mysterious song appeared you knew: now something big is going to happen.<br/><br/>But be aware! You have to watch this show focused since there are many parallel storylines.<br/><br/>I rarely write reviews but I feel obliged to do after such an outstanding series. If you are looking for a great story line show so this is the best
I have seen the all episodes and it is so great i just can't stop thinking about it To be fair, I haven't seen many, but wow this takes the cake. The writers are brilliant, the acting makes it feel real and the narrative is so authentic you believe it. The first season is phenomenal, the second is even better. So excited for Season 3. Wonderful and brilliant screenplay, best role chosen for every characters, each and every characters has been selected carefully to suit their perspective roles. You can't find this much match with other movies or series. This whole concept is brilliant man how these people are thinking this much. Seeing these stories i am feeling that I am very small to this world. Such an mind blowing time travel series. If you love time travel concepts like interstellar, butterfly effect, coherence, triangle you might love this.. 100% researchable guarantee. I always wish to forget the best series I already watched to rewatch it again to bring that best feel again. And this show doesn't disappoint me, since it's been most confusing you might needed to rewatch it again and again. And no one will stop you. Screen play, character selection, bac ground musics, timeline concepts, love, all are just perfectly nailed. If you always wanted to be brilliant then watch these brilliant series which will blow your mind ;) The title for this review really sums it all up for me. This show is so well and thoughtfully produced and written. The level of attention to detail is incredible and incredibly worthy. The Settings are incredibly realistic and the acting (and dub work) is spot on.
Its like Lost but without the glamour and star power bulls__t and hollywood stuff.
This has been the most impressive series I have seen in many years. It is a total package for viewer who wants to be thought provoked and intrigued. Hopefully you wont mind not really understanding who's who and what's what for the first few episodes as this series builds on itself and its past, present , and future.
Truly worth it. Every episode every time has new type of story , new type of character with full of theory & logic .
Best time traveling with logical series here describe every problem of time traveling & timeline.
Mind hanging thiller story this series . I can't even put it into words... this show was so complex and had me saying "wtf" in the best way every single episode. There are no words to explain this show other than GO WATCH IT. So beautifully done. I have never seen a show about time travel done so well in my life. No idea how this show doesn't have a 10/10! It's epic, brilliant, intelligent, nail bitting suspense. Could not recommend it more! I can't belive the complexity of this show. There are about 15 to 20 characters and 3 or 4 timelines. I needed a list just to keep track of what was going on. Wow!!!! Couldn't take your eyes off for not even a single episode.. Spectacular, Marvelous,etc.,.. You are going to witness every possible situation about time travel in this darkest series ever made with children. Are you a Science fan?<br/><br/>Are you a huge fan of Space, Universe, Interstellar?<br/><br/>Are you a huge fan of Time Travel?<br/><br/>Get in here, folks.<br/><br/>One of the best Netflix series I have ever come across. It is captivating and massively intriguing series that humbles you to glue to your screen until it finishes once and for all.<br/><br/>Every bit of this series has a clue, so do not miss it. Best show ever,truly a masterpiece,this is so good I've stared to watch it for 3rd time from the beginning This show is one of the best thing Netflix has done. Every episode is so good, at first is a bit slow but then you can't stop watch it! I'm at a loss for words. This show is captivating and brilliantly executed from season one to season two. I cannot wait for the next season. I love shows that tweak the mind- this. is. it!!<br/><br/>The actors ALL are amazing and spot on in character; truly works of superior talent!! (Love Jonas!!)<br/><br/>Many, many stars for this show. Well done!!! Well done!!!!! The soundtrack is gorgeous, the characters are captivating, the storyline addictive, what a well done show. I am especially pleased that there will be a season 2. Update season 2 was excellent- just as good as season 1 Out of all the series that i've watched (around a hundred) this is definitely my
favorite. the plotline, its twists, the characters, the atmosphere are great. this is the example of how to make the viewers interested. after the first season i had very high expectations for the second. i wasn't wrong, the ratings speak for themselves. the secrets such as reasons for michael kahnwald's suicide, jonas's story after the cliffhanger and the villian play a big role in it. now i'm sure that the third season will be at least as good as the previous ones. untill then, i'll rewatch the series time to time. So is one of the most confusing aggravating shows ever very hard to follow but one of the best shows I've ever watched so you really have to pay attention cuz I'm good at following shows and I had a hard time This show is just amazing... U need to be very intelligent to understand what is happening. Hats off to the creators. Theeeeeeee beeesssst serie ever i want more<br/><br/>
!!!!!!!
!!!!!!
!!!!!
!!!
!!
!<br/><br/>! Undoubtedly the greatest show I have ever watched. Everything about it is done perfectly. The acting, the music, the cinematography, the writing, the casting.. everything is flawless. Well done to everyone who worked on this show, and thank you for blessing me witht this true work of art. After watching season 2, i can say, this is one of the best TIME TRAVEL show ever made, character arc,plots, is mindblowing. This is by far the best show on Netflix right now and the most underrated. It is such a well written, well executed show with complex characters and storylines. LOUIS HOFMANN IS A GENIUS!!! The whole cast is fantastic. Definitely worth the time!!! I can't wait for what season 3 brings. I have to use to many words to just tell you guys that this show is "Just brilliant". I thought the first season was good...<br/><br/>This show is near perfect.<br/><br/>Just thinking of trying to write something like this is terrifying.<br/><br/>Do your self a favor and watch it in the original german. I love this series, binge watched all the episodes in two days, a matter of 24 hrs. I thought, language would be a problem,but i got the dual audio. English was good, subtitles were fit.<br/><br/>Speaking about series, it is the best in the time travelling, time bending, mind blowing thriller. U don't feel bore at any stage of the season. It's thrilling episode by episode. I found out some of the important twists that shown in episode 3 and 5 prior to that, and i thought that was it. " I can find every twists out there". But i was wrong,<br/><br/>The things happening in ep9 and e10 were brillant. Anyway, I'm going to watch the next season, it's already here, lucky me<br/><br/>So i guess, good will win this time over shadow, the real shadow, NaoH with an unexpected twist. His calculations may go wrong this time. So much thrilled, bye<br/><br/>N.B:- Don't rewatch the episodes only because u don't understand a particular person or who it is. The explanation will follow on the next episodes, so don't watch again and lose the rhythm of mystery It's been 2 years since the show first arrived on Netflix. I found the first season incredibly intoxicating and compelling. The narration delivered although confusing still it's flawless. It's no doubt the best time travel saga ever made. After watching season one, I was desperately waiting for season two and it lives up to it's reputation. I've never binge watch an entire season in one go, I find it very tiring but this show is an exception.<br/><br/>Dark is on another level than anything I've ever seen before! Season 2 has a faster pace and expands on what's so very intriguing. The jaw breaking paradoxes explained in the show are just amazing. How the main villain (Adam) is same as protagonist (Jonas) is like a reminder how absolute power can corrupt us. Some of the utterly bizarre realisations, Jonas's dad is also his girlfriend's little brother. And how Elizabeth's mother is same as her daughter. All this leaving to the bigger picture of how everything is connected. With the end of Season 2 that line "Question isn't which time it's which world?" foreshadows the idea of alternate timelines but the way this show is trying to push it is way different. Jonas must have to find a loophole to get into another timeline, a better world otherwise he will become Adam.<br/><br/>2019 has produced truly great shows and Dark is amongst the top.<br/><br/>I also think that this is an under-rated. If you haven't watched the show yet just watch it like right now. Usually I'm not a huge fan of television series where I have to do more reading than listening but this show is an exception.
I'm.oy in the middle of season 1 and I have to say it's a beautifully filmed show. Beautiful and crime shows don't usually go hand in hand but the way the characters are portrayed and the storyline which keeps you in the edge and always thinking is just brilliant. The setting for the show is as mesmerising as the plot.
Film making at it's best. OK I am the target audience for this genre.. Time loops, bootstrap paradox, predestination paradox ( if you know what these terms mean then Dark is for you too) It's brilliantly done and the story is well thought out... I couldn't fault it.<br/><br/>I didn't watch it when it first aired being a German language series dubbed into English put me off and I thought it would be too distracting.. How wrong I was, I've actually just finished the complete 1st series after binge watching it over 3 nights and now I only have to wait 3 days until season two and I am really excited... I hope it all lands on Netflix at once<br/><br/>I don't want to spoil anything but I do want to tell people that you need to pay attention to character names, families, who's whose family member etc, you'll enjoy it a whole lot more and wont get lost Suspenseful sci-fi, thriller. This show is put together and executed extremely well. When you think you've figured it out... you're left with your mouth wide open, in disbelief. This series is nothing like Stranger Things. I read a few reviews likening it to Stranger Things, which is so absurd that it's laughable. The only similarity the 80's themes here and there, that's it!!
This series works because it feels organic. Also it doesn't have a ridiculously high budget or LGBT agenda splattered all over it... that makes it a winner in my book. I can't believe the amount of information and there is sooooo many characters, but if you give 100% of your attention when you watch episodes you'll have fun with this series 😍 "DARK" is one of the best thriller I ever watched.It has everything that a thriller movie or series can give you and keeps you edge of seat.its just so dumb that people are comparing it to "stranger things" but it's not. Because of the flickering lights , missing children and people in the same town with secrets you can't say that it's another stranger things.<br/><br/>Dark is totally different there are no kids here who are investigating or talking about science and doesn't contain any supernatural things coming out of nowhere.It's a well written and directed Time traveling thriller.Fantastic cinematography every frame is beautiful.<br/><br/>Great casting each and every actor did a great job portraying their characters struggling with dark side.DARK is best binge watching TV series it won't disappoint you. So many movies and series are based on a simple topics of time travel and paradox, realising and understanding what our future holds but nothing can match the excellence of dark.
Knot in a time travel that cant be solved yet is to be solved, lot many of characters, multiple storyline and most importantly multiple timelines yet series make it look so simple through its direction.
All the characters in their timelines have an importance, no story is just for adding without any reason but every character and story holds an importance that has lead to the finale of season 2. Still so many questions to be answered and yet we have one season remaining.
This series is definitely gonna be one the masterpiece although it is already but will set a bar that will be very tough almost impossible for any other movie or series based on topic.<br/><br/>True poetic masterpiece May be this will be the best ever tv-show i have ever seen so far for a long time . Time travel is a very paradoxical concept and they were able to capture all those to create a masterpiece.
Watch it before u die Why this series is not much popular instead of such an average series?🤔<br/><br/>Season 1 - 1 to 5 episodes remembering the characters and names is very difficult, Once entered the time travel concept the story is different level. 33years life cycle is very Different and fresh experience . The Things about nuclear power plant and Cave door was so must plot and twist. The Cinematography is more consistent. Cast and Crew played beautifully. 1st season ends with Big twist.<br/><br/>Season 2 - One word about 2nd season "Masterpiece". The story is racing and the Things are go too deeper and complicated, But finally all things are interconnected to all of them. Compared to 1st season, this season is more interesting and well Descriptive about characters. Talking about Jonas and Martha Characters are very well executed. The Cinematography of period time is pleasent experience. 2nd season ends with Much bigger twist compared to 1st Season.<br/><br/>3rd Season - Eagerly Waiting for June 2020👀<br/><br/>Overall The Dark series is Fantastic about Time Travel , and Nail-biting seat edge thriller experience . Every one Must watch series. The music, the actors, the story...just fascinating. You just can't stop watching it. Makes you think what life is really about.Such masterpiece and I am even more proud that it was made in Germany. We can do so well, who needs Hollywood :D The fact that people are even capable of coming up with this kind of ultra complex story itself is blowing my mind. And the casting, my God! Did they actually time travel to get the older versions of the actors? One of the best series I have watched. Immaculate direction and extremely hard concept to manage troughout the series. But boy they managed it perfectly. I thought season 1 is already blown my mind,
the time, the family tree were insane,
but season 2 is waaaaayyy mind blowing,,
be ready to remember every name,,
to be honest i draw the family tree during season 2,,
cause it's way more complicated than season 1,,<br/><br/>so far the best tv series i've ever watched,!!! I actually only signed up for IMDb because I thought this deserved another 10. I also think they should end the series with 2 endings so you can see how both ways the story has the options for. Your choice. I've watched both seasons 3 times and that way u could continue the loop if you wanna keep it going since 3 seasons won't be enough for many people (me included). Or you can break the cycle and see what happens then. Just putting it out there It was compelling and riveting. It has a very convoluted and unusual plot, and you have to pay attention to every detail, it keeps you on your toes. But if you watch carefully, you are rewarded with a very rich plot, which begins to make sense as each episode unfolds. The plot is excellent, drawing you in with suspense and unexpected twists at every opportunity, but keeping a cohesive story going through the whole series. I watched the first series twice, once in 2017 then again now, in order to get into the second series. I never knew I missed to much the first time! This is definitely sci fi at it's best.
The only thing which was irritating were the incredibly Cheesy voice overs in American accents, the voice-over actors were definitely not good, they did not convey the emotions of each scene with their voices at all, they sounded like they were advertising cars or some other inanimate object. I suggest watching in German with English subtitles, the acting is much more credible like that. Without a doubt one of the best productions of time, it does not have anything unnecessary, the story is well elaborated. After watching it te rest seems boring. This show is great. If you ever needed a show that you actually need to pay attention to and possibly draw up representations of events to understand it, this is the show for you. Its not too complicated, but just enough to keep you thinking. It looks beautiful, the plot is very engaging, and the actors are great. I recommend this show to every single person I meet. First of all i should say that this is by far the most brilliant series i have ever watched. The amount of creativity is just outstanding! How you find yourself bolting from one timeline to another, all those incidents occurring back to back! The casting of this show is no joke, you should probably watch this if you haven't because you'll def be missing out. Please watch this show its just amazing. First two season's are better than any other series out there . After Watching season 2, I will say it would be the Best Sci-Fi series ever created if the third season ends at highest note. The Best Sci-Fi series ever created!! Honestly the rating of this show higher than strangers things. Absolutely brilliant acting, storytelling, music, you name it. I watched both seasons in one day it was so addicting. If you liked Lost this is right up your alley. Highly recommend. Sublime. Awesome. Professional level is so high. This masterpiece is just sublime. Thanks Dark team and Netflix This by far is my FAVORITE series ever! They did an amazing job matching tgne younger and older actors and even more amazing job of telling this story. The younger actors are some of the best actors I've seen and there not even adults yet. The boy that plays jonas made me cry several times. You can't find a series better than this and I hope we have more seasons to come Absolutely love this series!! Visually stunning. Story out of this world! Makes me want to explore caves for a doorway back in time!!! Cannot wait for season 3!!<br/><br/>This is a MUST WATCH show! You will not be sorry! At some point this TV series reminds me "Predestination" (2014) - but there are more layers of twist and confussion. Really worth watching. Cannot recommend this programme enough. The casting is perfect, the plot is complete genius and so refreshing. Watch it! It represents the best part of a wise crafted serie. In same measure,the serie is a portrait of a community. And great plot, defined more by nuances than by colors. A serie about webs of past. And about reconciliation with yourself. Travels, questions, a large puzzle. And a profound good serie about shadows, people and truth. (Preamble: I ended up binge-watching Season 1, then Season 2 when it came out)
This is hands on the best on-screen adaptation of the predestination time travel. It's unyielding, it's unforgiving, it's brilliant, disturbing. Heavily recommended to watch it in German with subtitles though. Am cursing myself am so late to the party having more or less binge watched both Season 1 and 2 over the last few days.
Wow! This is just another level of television.
It will attain cult status for sure.
At the end of first two episodes when it started like FIVE or Broadchurch I thought it's yet another murder mystery ready with the cliches. At around the 5th episode when the premise is clear Boy the game completely changes. It's no longer a whodunnit or howdunnit but the mother of all Houdinis. Mind bending as you buy into the premise and try to keep pace with the events that happen in various 'times'.
This is not some time travel trope just to make some quick bucks. This is cult. This will stand the test of 'time'(pun intended).
Excellent acting and mind blowing background score to add to the atmospheric mood..this is just brilliant creation.
And as the last episode showed the possibilities are limitless. It can go back a few centuries in the past or go forward a few centuries or create myriad worlds/galaxies.
Hats off to the creators!
Can't wait for Season 3!! I just can't believe that someone has come up with the plot of this show, he certainly is a genius. Sure, time travel has always been hard to get your head around, but this show is on another lever. It has actually helped me understand how it works/could work.
You really have to pay attention and dedicate yourself to watching every second of this show, but it is all worth it. It is intriguing, makes you think harder than any high school math test ever did.
But it's not just the great plot and idea that makes it work, it is everything else as well. The actors are great and casting is superb. Characters are played by different actors in their different ages, but they all still look the same. The atmosphere is amazing, creepy but not scary. The soundtrack is just perfect.
I can't think of any other show I love and could ever love as much. But maybe I'm just a nerd :D
Everything is connected! Dark is one of the most complex, well-written and well-filmed tv shows out there. The storyline is mind blowing and forces you to constantly rethink whatever theories you had about what is really happening. The casting is just superb and I honestly cannot begin to imagine how they could find such realistic matches for a character throughout different age periods. Congratulations! The writer have a mind from a parallel world he made me very excited for the 3rd season !! Comparing Dark to Stranger Things is like comparing E.T. to Alien. Both are good, but Stranger Things is more for tweens, Dark is much more of an adult based Sci Fi show and the story line is more complicated and interesting. This series did not get the credit it deserved and is the perfect example of a masterpiece released at the wrong time. This show should not be compared to anything other than gold, and the only sadness I felt after the final episode was for all the people that died today without witnessing this revelation. Coming from someone that has seen it all, this show is a total mind melter. If you like time travel at all you will love it. Some people compared it to Stranger Things but aside from the fact that a kid goes missing in the first episode they are nothing alike. This show just oozes excellence, the writing, cinematography, mood, score, acting, and CASTING (some of the best I've ever seen) are just top notch. If you like time travel at all you'll love this show.<br/><br/>Here are a few suggestions for this show:
1. The show can be very difficult to follow and demands your full attention, this isn't something you want to watch while multitasking, you'll miss out on details.
2. Watch it in German with subtitles, nothing beats the original actors performance. If you hate subtitles watch it once with the overdub and then a second time in German with subs.
3. When you're done look at some character maps, Netflix has a site set up that breaks down characters and relationships that are extremely helpful.
4. Watch it at least twice. Once you have all the information youll see it in a whole new light on the second pass.
Enjoy the ride! Reading reviews here, people don't seem to know they often can switch the audio they are hearing: to the original language or the dubbed version. You don't have to watch it in the English language, you can change it to the original German language.<br/><br/>Dark has also been dubbed in English.... But let the actors speak their own language and watch it with subtitles...<br/><br/>Wonderful series about time travel ... Wow, just better in everything.<br/><br/>good direction, picture, cast, story .<br/><br/>tempo slow but consistent.<br/><br/>watch it in original German wt subtitles.<br/><br/>do not read about it or have spoilers.<br/><br/>really try to watch the show in German. dub if you cannot endure the reading, but you will miss on voice intonation of actors.<br/><br/>So good! trippy story.<br/><br/>possibly stranger thing influenced the making of this series, but its very different and much much much better execution and acting. Dark is the best concept I seen ever mindblowing and also underrated series it should be in the queue of game of thrones it more fantastic than got This is how TV should be. Brilliant writing and a fantastic cast. The writing is so clever and it looks like they have an ending planned out. I want to say much more but I don't want to spoil anything Wiedemann & Berg Television
The first German production from the world's leading Internet TV Network is set in a German town in present day where the disappearance of two young children exposes the double lives and fractured relationships among four families. In ten hour-long episodes, the story takes on a surprising twist that ties back to the same town in 1986. I rarely write reviews ,my previously review was for chernobyl and now for this seriously it is a must watch series. Do not miss this ,you will this type of series nowhere. NOW GO AND WAAATCH. I didn't like time-traveling TV series or movies, because they never did a good job on actually getting the job done. Until now.
Season 1 was good, but Season 2 blew me away, I liked it beyond words, and I will definitely watch the first one again, just to enjoy it as is.
Acting is superb, casting is perfect, every character is a human being and looks like one.. Every detail is in place, which is fairly unusual for today's production.
I love this new German Wave of great shows, along with some other that came out.... Its like Back to future mixing with Fringe with Ã  Lill bit of Stranger Things... Its Awsome!!! Don't be stop by The german language, Just put the subtitle or the translation.... I never expect a Sci-Fi German Show that good!!! Guys it's a must watch series, it's very complicated and you can't predict what will happen next. People keep saying it's copy of stranger things but it is not ,it is way different and ahead of stranger things, trust me give it a try. I think all I can say is that I have been waiting a long time for something to come along that stimulates and interests me that merges good solid drama, rich and empathic acting, fantastic cinematography, intrigue and a sci-fi -time travel -eschatological twist that takes this type of drama to the next level. Well worth watching. I am hooked and wish for more, as the twists and turns could continue for years. The US and UK could learn alot from the Netflix/German collaboration and bring more realism and intensity like this to the table.<br/><br/>Unique & fantastic! ......people please stop comparing this to U.S fodder Everyone should watch Dark. I couldn't decide which TV show is my favorite, it have always been something between Twin Peaks, Utopia, Dark and Carnivale, but now, after I have watched second season of Dark, I finally know. Yes, it is Dark. Highly recommend. It's great as it's complicated.but the complication is all the greatness it needs to be this Dark. and it feels as real as it can get.the point of view it provides ,feels ,seems and somehow actually is the best explanation about life and time themselves.can't wait to see what comes next on this magnificent journey of life.
P.S:Hannah is one of the most selfish and heteful characters i've ever seen.i really hate her This show has honestly blown me away, the writing is superb this is how you do Sci-fi the twists and turns are never what you expect, can't wait for season 3 Every episode is insanely good. Many shocking moments, but it all fits together. One of the best series! Quite possibly one of the best series of the last decade. So hyped for season 3.Also the cast is unbelievably amazing It is a true masterpiece, can't wait to see how everything gets explained finally on season 3. One of THEE best shows of this last decade and possibly ever. I just re-streamed the whole first season, and I'm halfway through the second.
This is a very elaborate, complex and profound story. On the surface it's sci-fi and mystery, but below the surface it has a lot to say about about families, relationships, identity, sexuality, and most of all about space & time. Forget the mystical stuff, apart from that it really makes you think about TIME!
The acting is great, the visual artistry is fantastic, including the title sequences. Symmetry carries forward from the title stuff into the entire movie, consistent with the theme. There are scenes are are strongly modeled on Kubrick's style.
This is a major piece of work - if you think you are bored at moments, just keep carrying on. the pace slows down at times, mainly so you can digest what's going on with the multiple interesting characters.
The soundtrack is a work in itself, very ominous and disturbing. Haven't heard anything this good since David Lynch films or Jim Jarmusch's "Dead Man."<br/><br/>You do NOT want to pass this up. The first season delivered to us is great. to the guy before me that only cares about how much he spent on his TV you should really write the manufacture and never ever in you're life write a review on any type of media displayed on your self proclaimed special snowflake screen.<br/><br/>your entire review was you complaining about your buyers remorse. The similarities with Stranger things are there but these series have much more in common with Steins;Gate.<br/><br/>The characters and their stories are very intertwined and you will have a lot of questions about who is who and why and how. The pacing is fast enough and the acting is on a very good level but I don't recommend watching it dubbed in English. <br/><br/>The song choice is very fitting and blends well with the atmosphere, but the ambient music can be a little over the top and does warn you before something unexpected happens sometimes. <br/><br/>Overall it was quite fun to watch.<br/><br/>Also these German people form Winden just don't care if it rains or not. Surely, We compared Steins gate and Dark. But two series have uniques and amazing. These are two superb series about time machine and world-lines. The series is so exciting from the first scene you will be exciting to the story the acting was so good from all the cast specifically louis hofmann great series 9.3/10 I rated 10/10 this _/\_ , make another series like kinda that Seriously it is the best! I never watched a series but this attracted me and I loved it since the first episode This show deserves to be on top. One of the best cast,storylines,cinematography. Mind bending story, great plot twists makes this show unique from the rest. Waiting for season 3 eargerly. Definitely a binge watch show I would have canceled my Netflix but Dark is coming up with a 3rd season. The character development & story complexity is unmatched In both seasons which is rare. Usually there is a drop off in the intensity in the middle of the season or season season 2, but not in Dark. Great German programming which was a first for me. I definitely appreciated the editors dubbing English over the German, so minimal subtle reading was necessary. My only reason for not giving 10 stars was because they used so few different voices in the dubbed voice overs. I thought one of the reasons I had difficulty remembering characters was because few of the characters had the same sound coming out of their mouths. Once you get used to it though it gets easier. Making a family tree might be helpful as one reviewer suggested. I watched both seasons and I wait for the third one. Really nice story. I watched with the original german voices and english subtitles. It may get confusing when you watch first 3-4 episodes, identifying who is with what family, but as you get inside the story it becomes easier to track the characters. If you look for an easy Hallmark/romance story, this is not it. But if you like movies where the story spreads on different decades and generations, showing the interconnectedness of the characters involved and their secrets that get revealed as you discover the story deeper, then "Dark" is for you. As someone else said - memorize everyone's names (and faces). You have to really pay attention to the storylines. We were drawn in from the first episode and were like fiends waiting for season 2, now season 3. The characters are well thought out and casted great. How the stories tie together is done well, many shows will leave you trying to figure it out, this one just has you making sure you know the right character for each part of the story. I'm about to binge both seasons before the third starts. This an excellent show and should be promoted much more. Amazing, Brilliant, and Fantastic.
This is one of the best series ever made.
Every episode is priceless with its twist after twist.. This series also have original and beautiful theme song.. Never thought we would ever see a perfect mind bending TV show about Warmholes, time bending etc. It is for targetted audience. People who liked Nolan's or Kubrick's movies, they would love this show. Really underrated. I love sci-fi movies and web series so i was searching for sci-fi series and i accidentally found Dark and im glad that i found this.
Believe me if you're interested in sci-fi and a good story lure you then you should watch it
A good story, A good plot and A good direction, everything is awesome about in this. I like it It has it all:<br/><br/>Great scripts, great casting, excellent cinematography and direction.<br/><br/>Like time travel, this story has it. Like a good paradox, you'll find that too. The characters and story plots are well developed and interesting. They also selected some great music. This is 'Don't Miss' TV.<br/><br/>Someone else mentioned Twin Peaks. I can see that in Dark too, however, explanations are forthcoming... so far. I use to watching some series or movies on Netflix, as millions of people, and it's no common finding a Germany play. I know, it's my fault. But I had not watched many of them actually. The pallet of colors, tending to grays, a strange symbol at cover, did not show too much. However, it has turned into a one of my favorites series currently. Dark is a Netflix series, classified as sci fi thriller. It was launched in 2017 with 2 seasons. It´s directed ted by Baran Bo Odar and created by Baran Bo Odar, Jantje Friese, Martin Behnke, Ronny Schalk, Marc O. Seng and Dafne Ferraro. With Louis Hofmann, Oliver Masucci, Jördis Triebel and Maja Schöne as main stars.<br/><br/>I love the rhythm and timing of this series, because it's changing constantly. When you think some scene is no relevant or even little bit slow or confusing, this one suddenly become in a plot's key part. And this is especially relevant, because the well writing of this series, takes you through the time and the blood. Plot is around a family, a little town near to a nuclear reactor and its habitants of course besides some conspirationist cults along decades, but at the same time. Time in this story is a new concept, almost something concreted, which can be manipulated in sinuous relationships full of surprise, passion, ignorance, faith, desperation, fate, betray, uncertainty and doom.<br/><br/>It's shocking the cast's performance, I loved the triangle formed by Maja as Hannah Kaunwald; Oliver, as Ulrich Nielsen, and; Jördis, as Katharina Nielsen. Intimately related with Louis, as Jonas Kahnwald and his "brother" (if you know what I mean) Michael Kahnwald, interpreted by Daan Lennard Liebrenz and Sebastian Rudolph. The rest of the cast have memorables performances and make to plot shine. All of them are interrelated among all their characters, one hundred and ten approximately. Each one of them bring life to a plot built with three generations, for this reason, many of this actors have to performance to a same character in different stages of its life. We could say, its plot is complex, but not too much. Instead, I believe Dark is thoughtprovoking, my opinion.<br/><br/>All this action, begin from two particular events: a suicide and the disappearance of a child. From this point takes place, along two seasons, this amazing play, and we expecting, anxiously of course, the next one. I'm very certain next season shall be as good as former ones. This show has no faults to me. It's insanely well-written and you will find yourself becoming absolutely engrossed. I recommend it to everyone I meet! I can definitely smell some conspiracy here. All the comments I see are either 10 or 9. There is no way it can go down to 8.7.
The best series I have ever watched other than the Breaking Bad. And definitely don't compare with childish drama stranger things or illogical GOT last season. Seriously, after a very long time, a show hooked me up and generated interest. P.S. I've haven't watched BB and Got yet, so i can't say bout them, but for me it's the best show ever. And the best thing is season 2 is much better than season 1. The intro of this show is unskipabble and the best. From music, cinematography, screenplay to acting, this show is excellent in each and every part. It hardly have any flaws. Let's talk about the two seasons in brief:-<br/><br/>SEASON 1: Okay, so this season was basically for introduction of the characters and setting a base for the story, so that, we get prepared for the twists. It was good, but the problem was it's pacing. Some episodes like 2,3 and 4 felt too slow and long, and could've merged into one. Everything becomes interesting only since ep 5. Also, many important ques are left unanswered, which made me angry and curious. And after that they made us wait more than an year. At least, some points must have been made clear. Anyways, it wasn't bad and i liked it.<br/><br/>SEASON 2: Now, that's the part, when everything changes. This season is just awesome, interesting and entertaining too. I never thought the sequel to be so good. It's the part we understand that although dark's plot is based on time travel and sci fi, all of them are just a metaphor. The main part of the show are it's characters. This show emphasize more on changes in human nature w.r.t time and circumstances and their greed, psychology, family issues, emotions, love and much more. The realisation that one of your loved ones will be gone forever is much scary than a cgi monster. And all the characters have nailed their part. Jonas, Hannah, Ulrich, Charlotte, Claudia, Old egon (his acting is really good), Helge, Noah and Adam, all are great in their roles. The apocalypse part (2053) is also well shot. The bootstrap paradox plays an inevitable part in the movie, and we realise that no matter how much we try to change our past, we'll realise that we're the ones triggering those events. Although, we lose hope, in the end a big twist arrives. Let's see what they'll deliver in season 3 (The last part).<br/><br/>FINAL RATINGS:-
SEASON 1: 8/10
SEASON 2: 10/10
OVERALL: 9/10 The most intricate show i have ever watched in my life.
Season 1 was level god And you'd think it couldn't possibly get any better, i mean there's no level after level god, level god is the ultimate level, it's as good as it could get wright?!
WRONG!!!
Season 2 is way beyond expectations it's actually the level which comes after level god! Dark is an amazing series. Full of interesting characters that are played out properly by all their actors. This is a show where u have to pay attention. It's a deep drama sci-fi that deals with family, murder, time travel, and self-perpetuation. It is Twin Peaks level of weirdness and complexity.<br/><br/>Best viewed in original German audio with subtitles, Dark is akin to Predestination and Twin Peaks. Words can't describe how much I enjoyed Dark so far. First time i have to battle my inner self to not binge watch it. Every single episode is so well written that I had to let it sink in before I moved to the next one; it's also the first series where I go back and watch a previous season before I start the newly released one. (twice, and even so, I bet I'll be surprised and make new connections with every rewatch)
Me and my friends were frequently checking each other if we are still breathing as you could feel everyone was holding their breath during the entire episode..is that good!<br/><br/>Music, acting, scenery, suspense, writing, everything is so well blended.
I fear this series has set the bar so high that I may compare everything else to it and at this point, few titles come close to it.<br/><br/>Watch it in German, regardless if you know the language or not.<br/><br/>Bravo Baran bo Odar and Jantje Friese, bravo! BRAVO! Have no words to tell how great this series is. Writing and direction is unbelievable. I am fan of Christopher Nolan and now I have become an even bigger of makers of this series. Mind blown. To make this review spoiler free, I will keep it short and virtually mention nothing of the plot, you only need to know that this is one of the best crafted pieces of television ever made!<br/><br/>It's intelligent, well portrayed, all the casting is phenomenal and the writing, considering that it's a really used and Americanized topic, is at its highest level. A really refreshing master work coming from Netflix, which has been gaining a lot of ground in quality, betting on some really interesting international content!<br/><br/>Make sure you memorize or write down all the names and get ready for a Non-Linear journey!! I had kept this TV series saved aside despite knowing that it received great reviews and got a high rating... But when I finally watched the first 2 seasons (which is all that's there so far), I felt bedazzled! This masterpiece is in a league of its own! No words can express how impressed I am! I binge watched this series. Very moving.<br/><br/>The script is exceptional. While watching, the story got so complex I didn't expect the writers to pull it off and tie it all together.
However, it never fell apart. Captivating until the end, and it never violated my suspension of disbelief.<br/><br/>Very impressed. Storyline Significance: Interstellar Level 10/10<br/><br/>Complexity and Mind-blowing: Westworld and Interstellar Level 10/10<br/><br/>Concept Level: Inception, Westworld and Interstellar Level 10/10<br/><br/>Casting Level: League of its own 37/10<br/><br/>In my opinion the only show with the potential to dethrone Breaking Bad as my favorite show ever. I rated these two seasons 10 stars! Firstly, the season one is compelling and gripping enough to make viewers wondering what the hell actually happened in Winden. When I watched season one, I couldn't shift my eyes from my laptop's screen. I finished it literally on 10 hours watching! It was my crazy experience watching something like that. The atmosphere got me too, tense, dark, thrill, and the cinematography is amazing! In spite it took the setting only in the Winden, the production time could give the detail, especially when the scenes happened in the past. The plot becomes richer and richer as the story going on. There are twists in every episode and we couldn't guess what will happen next. Then, the second season (i waited too long for the 2nd season) made everything clear, clearer as a sunny day. You will know how many sides in this time-traveling war. The mysteries are still gripping and complex, even though it isn't too confusing like season one. Each episode gives the twists and it made me binge-watching, again. The atmosphere, setting, and background detail become better than season one. Besides all of that, don't forget about the several heart-breaking moments. I love this show bec it keeps me thinking ... i want season 3 and more It's just such a great piece of storytelling but the english dub is really bad. Luckily im german so I watched it in german anyway but even if youre english please watch it in german with subs. Highly recommended, one of the best Netflix TV show. you won't disappoint. Started watching after my friend suggested it. I thought it will be little bit similar TV show like stranger things but it was totally different. Lot's of science stuff and space, time theories in the story. It starts little bit slow but after 3rd episode, you won't take any break for sure. Give it a try. I'm not a binge watcher. I don't usually watch full seasons quickly. I couldn't stop watching this however. One of the few shows I've watched that gave me to "can't put it down" feeling. A very complex story told in a very suspenseful way. The plot is reveled beautifully. IMDB should consider giving 20/10! This is the first German show I watched and it is truly an art of work. When is the third season? I am waiting.<br/><br/>I watched this after Stranger Things in Netflix, both are really awesome. I'm very lazy at writing reviews. But this show is just amazing. It's so rare to find a show with terrific writing, acting, casting, cinematography, effects, twists and turns and character development. Dark has all of this. Just wow. And S2 is just as, or even better, than S1.<br/><br/>So yeah... see it. Now. You won't regret it. I do think this tv series is different from in othe great tv series i cant but words here except this one of the best experiences its not a tv series
Like interstellar for movie .
Perfection comes from Germany This i one of the best series ever made. Its just as good as Breaking Bad. The best tv series i have ever watched,writer of screenplay deserve an oscar at the end of series must shoot a film This series got me hooked Up for both seasons being the second even better than the first This show is fantastic! I CAN'T WAIT for the next season. 10 stars all the way. One true masterpiece of series of all times. Amazing Cinematography, each episode is surprising you in a way that is not expected. Best work of Netflix to date. Even though Season 1 was a beginning it still holds some mysteries not explained in the 2nd season. The 2nd season brought many bone chilling moments like knowing Adam, why Michael commited suicide and most importantly the climax scene gave me the urge to wait for a 3rd season. I started watching episode 1 and found interesting and can't stop watching completed all episodes in 2days waiting for season 3 Dark is one of the few stories about time travel, where time travel is not just a plot device but more so the center of the story. Obviously the story is amazing, complex and frustrating (in a good way,) however what I think this show deserves even more credit for is for how well it abides by the rules it set for itself regarding the supernatural.<br/><br/>The casting for this show is amazing. The young characters almost always replicate their older counterparts and as long as you're watching in the German dub, not the English one, they play out their roles brilliantly.<br/><br/>I will say something about this show I do not like though. In the first season, the show has this tendency to constantly use oppressive music, which honestly got on my nerves after a while. It eventually started taking away from scenes instead of adding to it. They seemed to have stopped that a few episodes in, or maybe I just stopped noticing.<br/><br/>In short, Dark is a supernatural show that is greatly surperior to its Netflix rival, Stranger Things. The narrative and the casting are both brilliant. It's a series that will keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish and it will make sure there are always new things to be curious about. When I started watching it I didn't think it was going to be so good oh god man if I could I'd rate it a 11/10 amazing looking forward to season 3!! I never thought i could say this (by ignorance) but DARK is a great motion picture masterpiece!
Can not wait for third season!
More elaborated writing like this one from Netflix please! It's difficult to talk about "Dark" without giving up spoilers, but here goes. The first thing you should know is, it's not a typical European small-town murder-mystery drama. There are some serious twists and turns, in the sci-fi vein. That's as much as I'll divulge, because it's better to be surprised.<br/><br/>The beauty of "Dark" is the way it delves into the deeper, bigger questions of life: our secrets, decisions, regrets, longings, heroic and shameful acts. It manages to beautifully tread the line of being deep and thought-provoking while still being incredibly entertaining, seeming to take wild, unexpected turns.<br/><br/>It's also worth mentioning the production is as good as it gets, from the gorgeous cinematography to the perfect art direction to the spot-on casting-which as you will see is absolutely key in storytelling.<br/><br/>I've just finished season two, and it's the rare show where season two improves on season one. Hoping with all my soul that season 3 doesn't jump the shark, because this idea has legs. There's a quite few shows with out any faults and loops surely this is one of them, brilliant storyline with great acting skill and contex. One of my favourite show to be honest... Brilliant Great first season and I'll be starting the second one in just a minute. Very glad I decided to watch season one, for those who haven't, you won't be disappointed Absolutely brilliant. Casting, photography, subject, music. Perfect. Absolute genius, the writing is flawless and the acting is impeccable, this show will have you binge watching for 10 hours straight with the cliffhangers they have each episode. Must watch masterpiece! This show is mind blowing
The brain behind this whole series is genius
Everything in this show is perfect
The way they connected the timelines with each other was fabulous Watch it!!!!!! You will not be disappointed. There is truly no series like this out there I love this show but must admit I have no idea what is actually happening or when it is happening about 90% of the time. It speaks to the quality of the acting that I am still fascinated. Yes, it is one of the best series and films I ever saw. A complex storyline that is unique even if it deals with well known subjects as time travel. Unique because it deals with the profound conflicts of human nature and mind, with paradoxes and symbolisms. There is a reason it is called "Dark". There is a reason why the main character is called "Adam" and another character "white devil". There are scientific, philosophical and religious references all mixed together in order to underline the profound questions that bother humans and our desperate need to understand, to evolve and to finally win over time, death and suffering. Actors, director and picture are superb. It is a story that changes the way you see things. I have watched houndreds of series's in my life but this one is just on a whole different level,I have watched the 2 seasons on 2days, if you started watching you just can't stop (fascinating) No spoilers. I'm in the middle of S02 and while I think that S01 was a solid 8.5 (extraordinary score for a German series), S02 is breathtakingly awesome. Yes, Keanuesque breathtaking. I watched 4 episodes and I usually dislike binging things. Also I need to work very soon and I REALLY need to get some sleep.<br/><br/>Best German series since Das Boot (the original one, not that Sky trash).<br/><br/>A word of caution: you really to pay attention. It's not laid back television. It's not the worst idea to even take notes. I'm speechless. I'm stunned. No words can explain the brilliance of Dark. One of the best shows/movies I've ever seen. Probably one of the greatest shows ever made. Danke Netflix. I can't really find the words to best describe this show. I will say that the storyline is absolutely amazing! Far from boring, this show will keep you engaged and in tune with every single one of the characters. Besides a good story plot, the cinematography is very impressive so you won't fall short of feeling how realistic the scenes are (especially considering this is a sci-fi show). Oh and the soundtrack REALLY REALLY draws you in especially when in some of the very ominous scenes. In short, this movie will challenge your ability to guess endings, and it will continue to surprise you every single episode.<br/><br/>Sadly, I was surprised to find that other shows have better ratings than this one. Maybe because some people are too lazy to read subtitles, or because they prefer more trendy shows (i.e. GoT, Stranger Things, Breaking Bad, etc.) Even Friends has a better rating for crying out loud... If you just want to have your brain drained out through the TV, this isn't for you. This show stimulates your brain. This is the most mindbending, thrilling, tense, and best show I have ever seen. The complexity is on a level unseen in any other television show you will watch guarenteed. The first season blew me out of the water. I had a bar set so high for the second season i never thought it could surpass it. Boy was I wrong. Get me to a therapist. If you're tired of watching run of the mill sci-fi/thriller television shows and movies like I was, please please please! Watch this show. I'm actually ridiculously suprised to see its has an 8.6 rating right now and not a 9.6. Absolute perfection in every way filmmaking can be. Have fun not sleeping till its over once you watch the first episode like me :) Season 1 as already perfect, so good, so perfect, but the season 2 kept the quality and even got better.<br/><br/>The script, the soundtracks, the actors, the story, everything is just amazing.<br/><br/>One of the best series i have watched this decade! This is a Fantastically written series, complicated but smart and, although it was a bit slow at the beginning, it's good paced.
It has great acting and lots of suspense.
Highly recommended! I am a huge fan of science fiction especially time travel with loop. Couple of years ago, I watched Triangle movie and I was stunned by the loop they made and I was sure that nothing could complex than that.
Then Predestination happened and man what a movie it was. The time travel, the loop, the complex timeline around only one character, it was perfect. I thought this is it nothing can complex than that.
Then couple of months ago, I tried to give Dark a shot. And I was more than stunned, the show is perfect. My believe broke again. Dark is a brilliant sci-fi show with complex storyline.
And the season 2 went beyond my expectation. With each episode, it gets darker and complex. It resemble not only time travel and loop but the complexity of time made the relationship more complex.
This show deserves recognition. Sorry for comparing, but after watching season 2, I can say that it is way better than Stranger Things. I'm surprised, as always. Netflix always has a gift to give Filled with real thrill, mystery and suspense. storyline n pace is jst perfect.
eagerly waiting for 2nd season.
sci-fic twist is mind blowing, If you like mystery-series you will love Dark, because it has all what a good mystery series needs to have. The story is very interesting and strange. It is not like Stranger Things. There is no series like this one. It something special and incredibly good There's been a lot of films and TV shows about time travel. But this has got to be the best since Back to the Future. Brilliantly constructed. I was hooked with about 10 minutes that I watched all 10 episodes in one go. Can't wait for the next season. This is probably the most difficult, challenging, attention-demanding, confusing series I have ever watched; definitely not recommended to try at any time when you're feeling tired or sleepy. There are about 20 important characters to keep track of in 3 different time periods - even "Lost" was considerably easier on the viewer! The mind-bending / time-loop ideas & concepts have certainly been used before (regularly in "Doctor Who", for example), but the show does make them seem fairly fresh. The music is hypnotic, the directorial style is striking, every episode is very good on its own....and yet, I don't know if I would recommend the show to someone yet, at least until the second season is ready to be watched. The story has absolutely no sense of closure - it has the most promising but frustrating non-ending since maybe the "Terminator: Sarah Connor Chronicles" series. *** out of 4 for the first season. Strange Things keep comparing this to the silliest of shows, but this masterfully written and executed series is the rarest of breeds; mysterious and creepy, yet coherent and intelligent.
Like a mad scientists' brew this amalgates strange, disparate elements and heretofore unheard of-,emerges.
Half a beakers worth of Donnie Darko; turn the bunsen burner slowly up, stir in the T2 as it simmers.
Add a pinch of Les Revenants´small-town doom and gloom. Pour petri dishes worth of inspired plotting, cast and alchemical storytelling in and distilled mastery evolves over ten episodes. <br/><br/>Warning:
Your perception of time will disjoint,expand and stretch to an eternity between seasons. Both the season have the griping story which connects us to the reality, Deja vu is been the central theme of the story but its not been used too much, that's good... acting, background score, songs on some episodes relates too with the story , season 1 was awesome where plot is been set for the rest of the two season.. Dark third season would be massive as it will complete the trilogy of series, the expectation are too high as we can't hold out, let's talk about time travel,, time travel theory is been used to define in many movies but movies are too short to complete it, dark set the atmosphere around the all 18 episodes which significantly tells everything about time travel and loops ➿,,characters build up is been awesome,, and the end of season 2 exites us more can't wait but have to wait.. 😍 My Rating : 10/10 ♠ FUTURE CLASSIC ♠<br/><br/>'Dark' is Awesome. I look forward to the final season (3).<br/><br/>It's carefully told so as to invite the viewer to it's use of 'timeline' as it jumps from one to another making it a truly amazing experience.<br/><br/>I am in love with the execution and storytelling of 'Dark'. If you want a slow-burning TV series you can sink your teeth into, 'Dark' should satisfy that craving.<br/><br/>Highly, highly recommended. The natural state of the universe is darkness. Its this premise that Dark the German sci fi/horror series is built upon. <br/><br/>Change is something we are, in large part, blind to. We act and react to events but are often blind to the broader ramifications of change. In this case meddling in the natural sequence of time has outcomes that the actors could not anticipate. <br/><br/>Put simply, Dark taps into time travel "what if" scenario's and marry's up this starting point with the old proverb "the road to hell is paved with good intentions".Those who uncover the secret of time travel try to put right the universe but as we see their benevolence does not always yield positive results. Undoing the corruption and evils of others can, in fact, make matters far, far worse. <br/><br/>This is a clever series, that demonstrates how changes in time alters and impacts on individual lives but also, at the end of the first season, the collective outcomes for humanity.<br/><br/>I would imagine Its far from easy to write, act and direct a series of this kind and yet the hard work that is no doubt involved, appears effortless and polished. <br/><br/>If you like sophisticated, thoughtful sci fi, with horror elements, this is a must see. Can't wait for season two! 10/10 from me. Every one should watch this....
must watch this
Awesome web series by German Every episode thrills, what a writing man.Loved it. Probably the Best Sci-fi series ever made. Deserves alot. Dark is the story about a small town named winden in Germany,where a teenage boy gets missing and the secrets are unraveled about the town and the people living there. It's not just teenage fictional show, it's more than that.( Don't compare this show with the likes of Stranger Things).The storytelling so great that you'll surprised to see how all the mysteries unfolds as the story progresses.You'll be sucked into the world of "Dark" in few episodes.<br/><br/>PS watch this show it's original language with subtitles. This series changed my opinion about German movies and series forever. I am German but I was never interested in German tv shows or movies, because the few I have seen had been very bad. So, I watched only American shows and movies. When this show came out I heard a lot of great feedback, but I kept ignoring it, just because it is a German show.<br/><br/>However, one of my best friends suddenly told me he is a big fan and since he rarely watches any tv shows, that peaked my interest, so I finally decided to give the show a chance and started watching the first episode. After it, I was completely hooked and continued watching every free minute I have until the end of season 2. And I wish I could unwatch it, just to watch it again without knowing what is happening.<br/><br/>I would compare this show to Lost, which I also deeply loved when it was still running, because there are a lot of mysteries which keeps you hooked. But Lost disappointed me deeply in the end, because it became very clear that the makers never really had any idea how to explain the mysteries or were the show is going in the end.<br/><br/>Dark is the complete opposite, it also builds up a lot of mysteries in the first episode and during the duration of the show, but it gives you satisfying answers very quickly and if you hear the answers, it completely makes sense and you can really feel that the makers planned the whole story from the start and knew always exactly where it is going.<br/><br/>I can also not praise the other aspects of this show enough, the cast is brilliant, I never thought Germany have so much talented actors and it is just unbelievable, how they found great actors, who look similar to each other just in different stages of their life. The production design, effects and music are also amazing, that I never had the feeling I was watching a German tv show.<br/><br/>I can not praise this show enough, but can just say, that if you are interested in mystery movies or shows or likes Lost, this is a must watch show for you. The 2nd season of the German Netflix series is even more complicated, confusing & engaging than the 1st one.The twists are really mind blowing & the plot widens in every episode.Some of the mysteries from S1 are perfectly revealed but by the finale, it leaves more questions (the ending scene was kinda frustrating)
I was really amazed by S1 when it came, and it became my instant favourite Netflix original then, And S2 perfectly carries it forward.The 8 episodes were quick & i binged all in one break.This is the type of series, which can be discussed for hours & still won't able to cover all.The horrific horror elements mixed with mysteries & amazing soundtrack makes it more interesting.It's amazing how the makers handled so many characters, timelines, locations and plotlines.Really hats off to the writers too.It was really hard for me to keep track of the characters,their family, their face in different periods.So had to revisit S1 first for that.
Can't wait much for next season which also will be it's final season.Now we are not only in other time period but other dimensions too. Ridiculously clever writing, exquisite casting and presentation. It's hard to review without giving too much of the plot away, but it's very involved - look away for a second and you'll miss something vital. Definitely recommend binge-watching as many episodes together as possible. I know This series cannot be compared with any series because its quite different but i must say this series got me addicted as much as i was addicted to Game of Thrones maybe more than that. Hope they wont make us disappointed with the last season Never seen television like this. Don't compare this to any other show. It's truly outstanding. You will be guessing and theorizing; remembering names and family relations the whole time. Wondering what comes next and before. Mind Blown and constant brain scrambling cycle!! Amazing and its brilliant ..cult classic. I was hoping to watch something like this a long time. Its under rated.. Absolutely blown away by this show. I love shows about time, especially when it's done well. Can't believe so few have seen it, cannot fault it. And watch it in German with subtitles! I haven't watched a show in a long time that keeps your mind bending all over the place.
It's a masterpiece and I hope it keeps going! Probably the best show on television now. Complex, doesn't pander to the audience, and rewards your patience. Do not miss this time travel masterpiece! I absolutely love the show!!!
Season 1 was gripping and left so many questions.
Before starting Season 2 we wanted to rewatch Season 1 again and it still was as gripping as the First time we watched it (and a lot of questions we could now answer ourselves with our own knowledge of the Season 1 story line)
Season 2 is even beter than 1, so many thing become clear while it raises just about as much new questions..
I hope we dont have to wait to long for Season 3. I love Dark...I can't take my eyes off the screen while I see it.Please Season 3 come back soon. When the series begun i never this will like this as the plot was very clear and all the characters were telling the same thing I.e. revealed story. Once the story continues it becomes more interesting especially after season 1. Must watch for Nolan lovers This is my first review.
Show got really really good in season two.
The cast is excellent. The story writing is superb.
One of the best series on Netflix right now. I can't believe people are so quick to dismiss this show because it's 'slow-paced', 'complex/difficult to follow', 'pretentious', or 'not in English'. Obviously you need to be an active viewer. Obviously you need to think. DARK revels in its beautiful darkness, and rewards patient viewers. If you neither appreciate masterful storytelling nor well-thought out shows, better stick to your crappy fast-paced shows, my friend. :) This is probably the smartest series I've ever watched. By episode 3 it becomes apparent what it's about and I went back and rewatched the first 3 before continuing on. Every single scene and character has meaning. There are zero smoke and mirrors tricks to throw us off. If something seems confusing rest assure it won't be later. Never written a review before but I feel like this show deserves it. Absolutely brilliant. Each episode the wow effect is getting bigger. Brilliant cast, intriguing story, very well executed! This is definitively the best series i have seen in my entire life. The storyline, along with an amazing casting and great performances is just out of this world The plot is great, the characters look the same as young they could really be them is just great, you can't stop watching
After I watched Dark of other series are just ok, can't wait to season 3 I love the new perspective of the time travel. It's not that basic that someone invented a time machine, screwed up something in the past and trys to fix that. U need a pen and with paper before you see it i think nothing same dark This is the best show I've ever seen. The cast is perfect. I am from germany and I am usually not watching german productions because I never liked them, but this one is special and destroyed all my prejudices. Also a big thanks to Netflix for making this possible. 'wir bind perfect susamen'
doesn't happen every day to think about Dr Faustus and the meaning of life
what is my role in life? asks himself the hero , Jonas , traveler through time , why are you here? is the question everybody asks him.
"we are perfect together never believe we aren't" the truth is something you will feel.
'how do I know what is good from what is not?
listen to yourself and nobody else'<br/><br/>watch this, complicated as it is this is the.best thing I ever watched on tv. Anytime. Epicness overloaded. If you think first season gave us some mind bending elements then this latest season will definitely blow you away with deep immense writing and cleverly woven sequences. Core concept of the series is taken to whole new level and writers should have taken an enormous effort in putting up such a great story. There was not even one needless scene to point out or scenes that was off the storyline. Even though there are minor flaws here and there but those are negligible given the pace and seriousness. Surely dark might become a masterpiece if final season surpasses the expectation it had created in this season!! Serioulsy, mind-blowing. The first season I just thought "this is amazing", rated it a 9. After season 2, changed that rating to a 10. There's not a bad episode, not a bad twist or turn, the whole thing is so well thought out, and it just keeps getting better and better! Can't wait for season 3! Is one of the best series in the world
Thank you for this and I wish to have big and beautiful final season ." 'Dark' is an absolute masterpiece. This is definitely the best show I have ever seen on TV. The pilot episode sets the tone of whats to be expected, and boy, the following episodes/season don't disappoint...each one more gripping, explosive and shocking than the previous. The plot is on time travel, the storyline is extremely mind bending and complex, yet, the narration is done with such precision that the story and the many mysteries unravel in a neat and logical fashion. Season 1 was so fantastic that my wife and I waited eagerly for Season 2. Just finished Season 2 and boy-oh-boy, was this another master piece or what. The story unfolds unravelling the many mysteries and secrets, and it was just too much to handle. I simply cannot find one single dull moment throughout both seasons.<br/><br/>This show is an absolute must watch if you are into mysteries, thriller and most importantly.........TIME TRAVEL DARK. Don't be deceived by its name. An epitome of time travel type of series/movies. Just when i thought what more this series can give than they gave us in Season 1, the show writers surpassed the expectations that I set up for Season 2. A must watch if you are a fan of time travel type of series. Go for it without second thoughts, you'd not regret it!! This is a very good tv series about time travels. If Back To The Future is a comedy this is a mystery-drama. Very good screenplay and very well directed. The locations has personality. The actors are very good. Music has a strong personality too and creates the right atmosphere. Netflix needs desperately more productions of this quality. Get out of pen and paper and keep a scorecard of Who's Who it is almost impossible to remember everyone's role if you don't binge watch the whole season. I saw the first season last year, took me a day to watch. I was glued to the TV for hours.<br/><br/>Excellent premise, nothing like Stranger Things, great cast, good characters.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a really great Sci-fi TV show this is it. This is hands down one of the best foreign TV series I have seen.<br/><br/>Hoping season 2 delivers the same or even greater entertaining TV. Loved it to it's core. The only thing I will recommend is that you better pay attention the whole time. I watched 4 episodes and then there was a huge twist and I had to go back again. I should've known better dealing with time in a film. What an absolute gem this is. Everything from the look, feel, atmosphere, soundtrack, acting and storyline is top notch.
Watched each episode in its native German w/English subtitles. Then I watched the episode and in English dubbed. I suggest going with the intended language but even if subtitles aren't your thing your covered because they dubbed it right out of the gate. This show is just perfect. Not a single scene wasted. Everything is done so well. Intervening between different timeless is neatly portrayed. I hope makers can finish this on a high. Netflix should promote it more. One of the best directed and written si-fi show created till date. Blown away, it takes you along with the story. Wait for 3rd season is going to be a hard time. I didn't want for a long time to start to watch this show, because there are too much good reviews, for me that was strange to see. But when I started, in two days I finished the whole show. Even when i didn't watch i was thinking about it, trying to solve the mystery and that's what i like the most.
You're not gonna regret it. Its a little bit slow in maybe first episode , don't stop there I almost made that mistake. This TV series, in my opinion is the most beautiful and smart designed SCI-FI TV show I ever seen. Like I wrote in title, is so dark (even more than DC universe - like Deadpool said), full of secrets, full of physics paradoxes and the interpretation of the actors is magnificent. If you are a SF fan, you must see this TV show that can be described in simple expression "a masterpiece". Well, at first i thought it would be a normal series after the pilot i realized that it is gonna be deeper and complex.i have never scene a time travelling story telling that much commendable and interesting .this is the best series on netflix .people would say that this is not as good as black mirror n all..but trust me ,start watching this you wont even think about comparing this masterpiece.i like those series too but this one is truely ouststanding.highly recommended. This show has everything good entertainment needs: a complex story, fantastic and athmospheric music and lets not talk about the casting, its incredible. Acting is on point too.
How much I wish, these writers would have written the last two seasons of GoT.
Watch it and ENJOY this masterpiece! This is the greatest story ever written. It truly, in my opinion, is the pinnacle of human imagination. If you ever thought that something like Westworld or Inception are the most complicated stories, you haven't watched this one. The moment you think that you are getting a grasp of it, be ready for something to blow your brains away. And to top it off is the most apt casting of the characters, brilliant performances by the actors and beautiful background score. This is the best thing you'll watch for a long long time. Such a shame that Stranger Things is rated higher than this masterpiece. This is the most well thought-out show I've ever seen, this is the best Netflix has to offer the shortened second season was even better than the first season and the first season was amazing this is a great show I enjoyed it so much I watched it with my daughter both of our minds were blown. Addictive viewing with a dense but fascinating plot. Great actors playing great characters. My one 'con' is that it is really hard to keep track of everyone when there are (so far) three ages for most characters. It's definitely in my top five series along with Lost, Babylon 5, Fringe and The X-Files. I rate it that highly. This is an amazing show. I took a chance on it when it was first released after seeing the trailer. The depth of the storyline and characters is mind boggling. It is a slow burner but so worth it.<br/><br/>I'm glad Netflix brings Americans foreign content. There are so many good shows and movies that are not American made. Sure it takes a little getting used to reading subtitles or trying to ignore bad dubbing but don't limit your intake to Hollywood. You will find some gems worth binging... this is one! Excited about season 2... I am OBSESSED with stories and movies about Time Travel, and I have never seen it done so perfectly. Stories like this tend to get messy once you go in so deep, but they figured out a way to keep that from happening. It's mind blowing. The depth they take it to is incredible. You can truly feel the emotions of each character. Dark is the perfect title for the setting and feel of this show. I just wish I would have learned that you can watch it in German with English Subtitles. I would have much rather watched it in the original and will probably re-watch it in that form before season two next week. I'm also sick of people comparing it to Stranger Things. These are two totally different beasts, and I'll take Dark over ST any day. One of the best things i've ever watched.
Everything is perfect, cinematography, music, acting, pacing. In a nutshell this show is perfect blend of Lost, Stranger Things and Twin Peaks. It's that an so much more. Unlike Lost you get rewarded for watching, you get the answers to your question, althought constantly new questions arise. Unlike stranger things it's prepared to tackle darker subjects like death. And unlike Twin Peaks it's a bit more serious it doesn't have that signature Twin Peaks goofiness.<br/><br/>Overall in my opinion this show is a must watch for anyone who enjoys mystery. This is easily one of the best shows I've ever watched. It starts slow and builds up kinda slow in the first four or five episodes, but it's needed in order to build up the characters and the setting. It's grim and gritty and gripping. It really makes you think; be it about the plot and the twists you can't help but try to figure out, or about the issues it raises about determinism and the interconnectedness of things. I can't wait for the next season! . My husband and I loved this series. Such a good mystery. Brilliant story, wonderful acting, perfect music and setting watch the German speaking version and not dubbed. The story is all the more intense that way. Can't wait for season 2! Give this a chance and you'll be very happy you did. I would put this up against the imagination of mr. Robot it will literally having you begging for more. We watched it in 3 days. I watched the entire 10 episode in a day which means I spent close to 10 hours of my time on this series on a weekend. <br/><br/>What is Good About it? + The concept of time travel has been shown in an awesome way + The story is new and builds on and keeps you hooked on to it + The whole idea of time travel and various concepts around black hole presented in a way which is palatable to users + The characters playing their part appropriately <br/><br/>What is Terrible? - Too many characters - You cannot sometimes co-relate how one is linked to another<br/><br/>All in all a very nice series to watch. <br/><br/>Do I want another season of it ? Probably not. The three dimensions were confusing enough for my brain and I definitely need no more drama again Dark is a mature and rich production in all ways. Comparison to "Stranger Things" is an unnecessary one, since both handle the supernatural genre very different. Everything in "Dark", is definetively not suitable for everybody. Full of symbolism and mythology, Dark treats time as a theme, in a way few had had the courage to do it. The cast is professional, every single one of the actors represents their character in an unique an applausable way. It's hard to recognize that quality on a series since there's always someone you think doesn't fit in the picture. That won't happen with this series. <br/><br/>Pay attention to the details, since the plot is quite simple, but it's crushed in millions of pieces the viewer must reorganize to understand what's going on. Isn't that the purpose of a film or series? To make you question something, to get surprised, to wish for more...? Dark left me with only one unpleasant feeling, and is that I have to wait a whole year to feed my urst for answers.<br/><br/>100% recommended. Season one introduces a sh*t-ton of characters, the events which occurs in their hometown and how they are related to to each other.<br/><br/>I watched the entirety of the season with subtitles and from the get go I found myself taking notes just to keep up.<br/><br/>Characters: This is the probably the most complex part of the story. <br/><br/>There a 4 generations of characters living in 3 different time periods in the same town. All characters introduce I believe are essential to main plot. Each generation is related to the next via family decent. The parents and children of each generation are introduced and their relations with each other are explored. There are also characters which do not share any relation with another generation but are present in multiple time periods.<br/><br/>The most important characters to the plot are Jonas(16 yrs old), Mikkell (11yrs old), Ulric (49 yrs old) and Noah (early 40s). Scenes with these characters are important in understanding the plot.<br/><br/>The Plot:<br/><br/>The story spans several days from November 4 to 12th for the years 1953 ,1986 and 2019. At the beginning of the story Mikkel, Ulric's son'goes missing after a night out with his older brother and sister and their friends Jonas and Bartosz near a cave in the forest. We then follow Ulric (who is a police) on a quest to find is missing son. Its through the investigation that we are slowly introduced some cast of characters.<br/><br/>The next time we see Mikkell, he is exiting the cave in 1986. He slowly but surely realizes he is trapped 33 years in the past. There we meet '86 Ulric and his generation as well as Ulric's parents generation. In addition we meet old Egon, the chief police for that time, who finds Mikkell wondering. Characters of 2019 backstory are expanded upon and more of"what and how" is revealed.<br/><br/>By going through his deceased father belonging and with the help of a mysterious stranger Jonas investigate the mysterious cave to better understand his father's suicide letter. He takes the right path in the cave and ends up in 1986 same date. He confirms the content of the letter and his mind is f*****d by time. He then goes back to 2019 via the caves to ponder things.<br/><br/>A week after the 4th a body of a young boy(Not Mikkel) is found in forest. Ulric believes Helge, a senile man, as the main suspect of his sons disappearance. He follows Helge on a night through the cave, takes a wrong turn and end up in 1933. As with his son before he slowly realizes when he is. We are introduce to characters of '53, again parents and children. Ulric comes to conclusion that if he kills child Helge he can prevent his son's disappearance. His attempt end in failure and hes caught and locked up by young Egon for kidnapping. <br/><br/>During the above 2 incidents the mysterious person goes to 1986 to have discussion with a author of "A journey through time"(a book featured heavily in the story) and creator of the time machine. They discuss physics of time travel and the meta-physics of it all.<br/><br/>In the final episode an off-med Jonas decides to rescue Mikkel from the past irregardless of its dire consequence. However, he gets captured by Noah and '86 Helge and is locked away in a room seen in previous episodes. The same day the mysterious guy attempts to destroy the time portal in the cave. This results in Helge of '33 being saved and Jonas jumping 66 years into the future (year 2052).<br/><br/>The show is about time travel and has quite a few time paradoxes. I would say the time travel is of a similar nature to that in the movie Predestination. <br/><br/>Setting: 2019 : Its exactly what you would believe 2 years from would be like in a small rural town in Germany.<br/><br/>1986: The town is same structurally, the obvious differences are the technology and dress code is of 1986.<br/><br/>1953: Many structural differences. A lot of Buildings weren't built yet including the Nuclear Factory which is an important settings in 1986 and 2019.<br/><br/>2052: Too many spoilers already.<br/><br/>Music score/soundtrack. I would say its similar to Stranger things but much more darker. The 1986 has a lot of '80s music. Mostly German and some English. The music fits the story and tone perfectly.<br/><br/>Once you know the characters and their relations, the complex plot becomes easier to unravel. The first season left a lot of unanswered questions, mostly about the fate of the characters. <br/><br/>The acting done by the 30+ actors/actresses is amazing. Each scene is shot masterfully and soundtracks elevates it higher. The series is without a doubt the best Netflix has to offer since House of Cards Excellent series, sometimes confusing, best to watch all at once and you may have to rewatch a few.<br/><br/>It is about time travel.<br/><br/>I had a hard time keeping up with all of the characters...would have preferred LESS characters to try to keep up with, might have been less confusing, otherwise, very well done.<br/><br/>It is originally done in German and instead if subtitles, it is overdubbed and many of the overdubbed voices sound alike, so that may be part of the he confusion, but still better than reading subtitles in something this intense.<br/><br/>Very well acted. Edge of your seat, yet still slowly tensely drawn out and keeps you watching. The similarities:
The electricity problems when something about to happen.
Both have a important cave and forest.
The scenes in the hotel in Dark and the Great Northern Hotel in Twin Peaks the Return have a very similar look.
The circular time idea. 
The both shows are in small towns where people think they know each other but they don't.
Es wird wieder passieren-It is happening again
Both have a nuclear cause.
Over the forest drone scenes.
And the last scene and sentences are the same: "Welches Jahr ist es?"And the Kyle Maclachlans "What year is this?"
Nothing is like twin peaks but this show is overall very good 8/10
The musics and color grading are also great btw. At first I thought it would lowkey be like Stranger Things, but I was totally wrong. Dark is a different thing. This show is not a that kind of show you could watch while scrolling through your insta feed. Because all the details matter. However, this is so worth-watching. At first i didnt accept the show from its cover but when i watched the first 5 episodes my mind just got blown .... the characters were Fantastic especially jonas ,loved the show so much I know Mikkel is just a kid but buy some Apple and Amazon stock with as much money as you can. I mean... come on. No words for the inventiveness of entire cast.
First I'd like to thank from the bottom of my heart to everyone who's being working behind the scenes.
Second, actors working hard to perform. Specially Jonas and Charlotte! Loved your roles!
Cheers! Well everything is pretty much perfect about this show This show is the best thing Netflix has done. It is an absolute masterpiece of story telling. "Dark" is an expertly made television show...intelligently written and well worth your time. However, I must warn you...it's also a very difficult show to watch...and it's NOT because it's in German and you must read subtitles. Instead, the problem is that the show is extremely confusing...so much so you might want to watch the series twice or watch it with someone who's seen it already or you have your laptop open and you are following who everyone is. Why? Well, because the show is about time travel and it jumps to many different times during the 20th and 21st centuries...and you often see the same characters but at a wide variety of ages. Believe me...I have NEVER been as confused as when I watched this show...and thank goodness my oldest daughter was there to help explain it to me as we watched! In the small, peaceful German town of Winden, a boy has disappeared. 33 years earlier a boy went missing from the town and was never found. Could the two disappearances be connected?<br/><br/>Superb. Has been billed as a German Stranger Things but it is certainly quite different from Stranger Things. The initial scenario - kids disappearing - is the only similarity with Stranger Things. After that the plots diverge significantly, with the reasons for the disappearances being quite different between the two series.<br/><br/>Very clever and original plot, involving some very well thought-out, complex ideas. Very intriguing, with a great build up, filled with mystery and discovery.<br/><br/>So well told that, even though it is complex and sci fi-like, it seems very plausible. Despite its complexity, it all fits together very well too - no obvious plot holes, or science holes.<br/><br/>However, the complexity is also a negative, to an extent. I found some links between people and events hard to follow and had to keep trying to figure out which person was related to which person and who someone was in the scheme of things. Makes it difficult to concentrate on the story when you're so busy trying to figure out who the latest character is and how they fit into the story's arc.<br/><br/>This over-complexity first emerges towards the end of Season 1 and peaks in the first few episodes of Season 2. It's almost like the writers are just showing off, adding as many parallel lives and stories in different time periods as they can. It was so daunting and seemingly gratuitous I started to lose interest.<br/><br/>Fortunately we then had a few episodes of more conventional plot development, just to calm things down. The last two or so episodes of Season 2 then ramped up the complexity again.<br/><br/>Overall, not as impressed with Season 2 as Season 1, due to the complexity-for-complexity-sake feel of parts of S2. Still, is highly intriguing and an excellent series. The show wants to be a serious mystery. It want's to be grim. There is a constant synth sound in nearly every scene foreshadowing grim things are coming, even on the most banal scenes.<br/><br/>It feels like someone in post production wanted to play around with Dolby Atmos as much as possible instead of doing a proper sound mix that supports the action on screen. From a technical aspect the sound is well engineered, but it doesn't do anything for the show.<br/><br/>And you get a perfect exercise in overacting by the semi talented cast. Every line is delivered frowned with meaning, swollen as if there were an underlying meaning to every word, glimpse or motion.<br/><br/>The plot isn't that bad, but far from original. Don't expect any of the mysteries to be solved. It's clear they made it up as they went along and just pile 'em up to keep people watching.<br/><br/>In the end the show is an empty shell with overacting that moves at glacial pace and an annoying soundtrack. <br/><br/>5 out of 5 and worth a shot if you have nothing else in your queue on a snowy weekend with a cold in bed. But don't expect too much.<br/><br/>And if you don't like it by the time you are half way through the second episode don't continue watching, it will not change much. Its obvious to see what the show is aiming for; in it's acting, in the family interactions, and in the plot. But it is So HEAVY HANDED. From the get-go we are bombarded with over loud, crass synth soundtrack. In every scene someone is over emoting, breaking down, running through the streets screaming. We are to believe that there is love and tenderness between characters, but none of this is shown; we are not made to feel it. And there are huge holes in the plot and in behavior patterns of the police. No police force in the smallest village is this inept and unprofessional. Certain plot twists are laughable, but since I haven't checked the spoiler box I will not name them. I mostly agree with the reviews on IMDB, but this I do not understand.<br/><br/>The story is full of loose ends, it is so filled with clichés many of the scenes are totally absurd (as in "not logic") and unnatural (people would never react the way those characters do in so many situations during the series.
They have a new director in the power plant who knows nothing about what's happening inside??? Why would anyone elect such a person? That character finds all kinds of abnormalities in the first hours she starts working there, the formal director brings her to a place in a wheelchair through a forest (?) where she is asked to descend into a deep cavern with only a rope ... The lady wears her finest clothing and stiletto heels but sees no problem in descending 15 meters deep along a rope (apart from the fact that you have to be trained for that already). Who would ever do such a thing in such a situation? And so the whole series is full of totally absurd and very unbelievable situations (really one after the other) that often do not explain anything or make any sense in the story.
I experienced the "music" as extremely exciting, it is sharp, often inappropriate and very monotonous.<br/><br/>I do like absurd, I love good tension, I love David Lynch, Cohen Brothers etc... This is really extremilly annoying poor stuff.<br/><br/>You can discuss taste and preferences, but quality is something else.
This says more about the era we are living in today, where plagiarism and superficiality increasingly prevails over quality and true craftsmanship. This show combines two of my favorite Netflix Originals; Stranger Things and The OA. I wouldn't say that Dark is a rip-off in any way of those two shows, though. It feels very original and well thought out. I love the overall feel of the show, and it's very pleasing to look at. I'm completely hooked on this and I really hope it'll be renewed for a second season. After 2 or 3 episodes I thought. "Well kind of thrilling but also kind of standard crime/horror. The constant spooky sounds and the birds falling on out of the sky felt unoriginal to me (do not worry I do not spoil anything with this). I was getting ready for a disappointment and also had "little boring" in my head.<br/><br/>But boy when the time travel aspect kicked in it got superb, because it's not just standard time travel but special in a way I won't spoil.<br/><br/>The few criticisms I have are, these constant SAME exact music and spooky mood audio effects that get repeated over and over again and the repeating of slow motion scenes with music playing again and again. It's actually cool but when binge-watching it feels like a bit stretched and overdone at times.<br/><br/>What is really cool about the concept and the writing it how complex it gets and the deeper it goes the more complex it gets and only more questions pop up rather than questions being answered. BUT at the end of season 2 something happens that I am actually NOT really fond if. They again, instead of answering and exploring the already complex world of time even more open yet another element into the mix that I do NOT think the show actually needs. I think it's actually too much and feels like overdone to me. But I am ready to get surprised and am thrilled but skeptical. I fear the show can not keep up with the first 2 seasons, I hope I get positively surprised with season 3 and beyond. Not sure if more than 3 are revealed but this show should not try to stretch things.<br/><br/>I also wonder how German the show actually is, the cast for sure is but would not surprise me of the production team is actually not really German. This feels like a top-notch Hollywood production. This show breaks my brain like almost every single episode! countless times, I'm paused video, because I need some TIME (hmm) to understand what the hell is going on, lol! I laughed as psycho, when were scenes, when people from future/past interacted with their parents/kids or with anybody, whose from another time line. I didn't even understand, who's good, who's evil, for whom should I root for! and it's good, I think. this show is so confusing and different, and I like it! yeah, soundtracks are horrible, for me. a lot of them are on the "wrong place, wrong time". too much injection and intense, for me! same with these Stephen King's "problems", similar to "It' problems, where people are bad, town is sick blah blah blah etc. and they have killed Noah - I never forgive you that, you ba****ds :D<br/><br/>but it was right time to watch this series. after vomiting last season of GoT, and BAD 3rd season of "Stranger Things", this Dark show gave me "nice shower", and I'm thankful. and I hope, that 3rd season will be as good, as previous two! I watched the first season and i thought its good, i had to rewatch it before starting season 2 to remember , because this show is complex. Watching season 2 made me realize how slow season 1 was, 2 is more dynamic in general. There is a lot of interesting twists, but mainly i got bored due to the fact that its already said that its a loop so no matter what happens, its already happened that way and nothing will change, so its not a surprise, we already know some outcomes from the future, basically the show is showing us what happened in the past that lead to those events, but the excitement is lost, since we know its going to happen that way. Even the show says it all the time. So whats the point of Jonas or Claudia saying that they want to break the cycle, if they go back and forth in time and making things happen exactly how they were meant to happen thus not breaking the cycle? And another thing i started minding is that in every episode , the same phrases repeat - time is endless, the begging the middle the end , they're connected, bla bla bla bla its like 10min of each show passes with this crap and some emotional images of all the people crying in the past and the future self etc etc... Basically , it feels like watching a sci-fi telenovela where at the end not only all characters are one family, but maybe its the same person with different personalities?
I still give it an 7 since its very well executed, the actors are great, music, scenery camera etc and i just love how the actors who play their younger/older self look alike - i could really think its them but younger or older. Or even like relatives , the middle age Claudia resembles her daughter Regina in that age etc... It still is a good show and thank god they will end in season 3 with a good ending of the loop, it will be great to end it here instead of going on and on as some other shows pointlessly continue until they turn into crap. True beauty of this show lies in the characthers. They are not perfect, far from it. Each characther has deep flaws and they are simply not likeable. But that's exactly what makes this show so good, they are flawed and they are humans. Combined with great story, cinematography, music and acting. Not often is there a TV show you know you will watch again but this is most definitely one of those. It is hard to find anything wrong with the story, the beautiful cinematography & atmospheric soundtrack & the depth of character of nearly all the cast. The only thing you could find fault with is some of the paradoxes but they explain them all so well. This is like a much better version of Twelve Monkeys mixed with Twin Peaks and maybe the X-Files too. Because of the 80's feel in part of the series you could say there is a feel of Stranger Things which by the way I think was highly overrated and unoriginal. I did not listen to the dubbed English version as I wanted to hear the real actors and I would imagine it sounds better in German anyway as it adds to the atmosphere since its set in Germany. Best Foreign language TV series I've ever watched and one of the best TV shows I've ever seen too which really took me by surprise just how good this is. Hopefully Season 2 will not get too far fetched as with Twelve Monkeys Season 2/3. This show makes you think and looks amazing without needing to use much special effects just great clever storytelling. Watch it you won't regret it! DARK,as the name suggests is a mysterious and intense show.My love for psychological thrillers has nothing to do with the ratings.This show is nothing like stranger things.It is the exact opposite of stranger things with mature character interpretations and a very mature execution of the script.Each episodes have their wtf moments and i must appreciate the creators for the narration as we keep on guessing who each characters really are.I do like stranger things,and i must say the second season dissapointed me.But this Dark right here is netflix best yet.Stranger things kept the script going with pretty much straight way of depiction,whereas Dark fucked my mind over and over again as the show went on. Dark is at first hand thought to be the German version of Stranger Things. But following the first episode it flips that statement upside down (pun intended).
Dark thankfully doesn't hold your hand during viewing, it for the most part entrusts it's viewers to pay attention and understand. It respects it's viewers and doesn't treat them like teenagers lacking brain cells. Dark has an eerie atmosphere and a vibrant soundtrack that contributes to the eerie touch of the show. The cinematography is beautiful and the acting is superb. The way this show is set up is quite genius, it's a uniquely crafted show that will require you too pay attention to every little detail in the dialogue and visuals. DO NOT watch this show dubbed as English, Netflix defaults the show to English in most countries leading you to have to manually change the audio to German and enable English subtitles. Watching it in German is worth it and enhances the experience tenfold. Even though the premise of this show isn't exactly original the idea and story the unfolds and entirely original and amazing. Dark has very little influence from Stranger Things and IT that many people are referring it to for some reason. I'd say you could relate it more to movies such as Predestination and Déjà Vu, and TV shows such as 12 Monkeys and Lost. This show can be experienced as quite slow, there isn't as much Hollywood action that goes into other shows such as Stranger Things in this one. Is slow but provocative and suspenseful, it's a drama/thriller with an amazing supernatural twist. I also have to give props to the show for not explaining alternate dimensions and wormholes/black holes using the conventional Hollywood method used in Interstellar, Stranger Things and Event Horizon. The story that unfolds in this show is amazing, and will surprise almost every episode. I encourage that you watch this show alone actually, I can't imagine watching it with someone else in the room, because if you or the other person start talking you will have to pause the show. Because you can't talk and read the English subtitles at the same time. Plus watching it alone in a quiet environment really makes it an amazing experience. This show isn't for everyone, it isn't for the low IQ viewers and won't tolerate those who can't handle a show with barely any humor. Anyhow, Dark is an amazing and enthralling experience and has me hyped for it's second season. It is one of the best things Germany ever created and it is a big treat for everybody who is into time travel movies. This is the best of its kind since "Back to the Future", although it is nothing like that, except if David Lynch and David Fincher had co-written or co-directed, anyway.. it is a very original piece. A crime story with sic fi elements and constantly over all the 10 seasons refreshingly mysterious. It is also a family saga about four families that are connected with each other and much more than they first appear to be.
The cast is great, the actors incredibly well chosen and all of them give tremendous performances. The atmosphere is pitch perfect and the score adds a lot of it.
There were one or two elements which I would probably had gotten rid off if I had been in charge, but other than that it is a pitch perfect crime thriller, full of fantastic characters (although all are pretty miserable) as many twists as possible.. really there are no more possibilities for believable twists than here. Great focus on both characters and story, which is a rare thing these days and hard to manage even in a 10 episodes show.
I am really curious about season 2. Really wonder which dark places they will go there. One of the best things Netflix has produced in 2017. ... and it's German, which gives a surreal touch, at least for me who have never watched a series in German before, just a few movies. 
It's impossible not to like "Dark" at least a very little, since it's a mix of things everyone loves, but it really fails in so many levels.
Cinematography is excellent. The music is kind of repetitive and uses lots of synth sounds: it works for some particular moments, but is unnecessary most of the times. The acting is irregular: there are truly a lot of characters and actors, so some of them I think were fine, but mostly it's not very good I must say. 
And the most important thing: the plot. It has some nice twists (not great) in the first few episodes, but at some point it starts to fail in epic proportions. If you have not watched many time-travel movies or haven't watched some who deal with wormholes (for example, Donnie Darko), maybe you find it interesting. But if you've seen all that, then this will give you absolutely nothing: it all goes around a clichÃ©d idea that is not profound by any means and doesn't make a lot of sense.
The back to the futurish thing is fun to watch: even some plot lines take place in the 50's and in the 80's, which really takes you all the way to Marty Mcfly and the Doc, but the way it's done is not intelligent enough to make any sense.
And the soap opera plot lines, such as romance and deceptions between the characters are completely unnecessary and anti-climax.
I've finished the whole series, so I guess it works at some level. Maybe taking bits of sci-fi movies and concepts we all love and then mix it into a German series was a genius idea, since it is kind of addictive and seems to be doing well. But I feel really guilty about having invested almost 10 hours of my week into this, because my mind tells me that it was absolutely not worth it. Between this and star get things and peaky blinders netflix is rearranging my top 10 list of fav shows ever. this show is so good. you have to read subtitles. i know a little german so it helped but i do t mind subtitles. watch with volume up on a big screen. bueatiful show. it's in 4k too for people with good tvs. super dark great cinematography. awesome plot all intertwined. amazing. don't give up after first episode. it's so worth it. This is the first time I'm writing any review on imdb . Dark is the best thing i have ever watched and it deserves more than 10 stars . Dark is simply the most well constructed show I've ever seen. How they can weave such a complex story together and still finish with something this cohesive is beyond me. The casting is unbelievably good, which won't fully become apparent untill the end of season 2, I can say no more there. The acting is outstanding, far beyond anything I've seen in a long time. The pacing is fantastic despite taking its time. The sets are wonderful, again it might take a while to truly uncover the scope of the show.<br/><br/>It also has great progression. The show goes somewhere, there's no smoke and mirrors, no Lost style unanswered questions.<br/><br/>It's an all round incredible show. If you at all like sci-fi or science, or drama, you'll be stunned by this show. If you watch 2 episodes and don't love it, I'd be amazed.<br/><br/>Incredible, incredible story. I made a IMDB account so i could write a small review. I binchwatched the complete series and i'm feeling all sorts of emotions. Thanks to the great acting and amazing script. This is a serious "GO WATCH IT NOW" commendation. Eagerly waiting for S3. Grts From Belgium.. This is how to do a show, classic time travelling and twists keep you guessing, Best time traveling show as you will watch it, you will find everything love, hate,sadness along the way and there are moments when your mind will blow away but its ok if it will not to that where is the kick?
Ps- Beginning is the ending of one cycle and ending is the beginning of other one. The best series on any platform by far at this moment. Not only that but this is the best mystery genre piece ever in film or television. It seems the writers filled a room with whiteboards, photographs and stickynotes to write the screenplays rather than just sit by a computer and get a script done. As a drama the emotion explored and exposed is so seering that it grasps you and won't let go. The little easter eggs hidden throughout such as the books read, paintings seen, music played, etc. create one of the best experiences I have ever had sitting in front of a television. It also has a lot in common with Stephen King's 'The Stand' novel which will give you a hint as to the magnitude of this series. This show is AMAZING!!! I've watched it twice already and was not bored ONCE!
I cannot wait for season 3 but will be sad to see it end! The writers, the actors and the crew all deserve praise for a job EXTREMELY well done! Thank you! Watched the first two seasons in German with subtitles and thought it was excellent. The tension just keeps building as more is revealed. It is hard to say if the creators can maintain plot discipline in the forth coming seasons, but there was definitely coherence in the first two.<br/><br/>Acting was outstanding and you can really feel everyone involved in the project giving it their best. Dark is the first German television series that is a global hit and it has certainly raised the international profile of all its actors and so I suppose they have good reason to commit to their roles, but I also get the sense that the actors appreciate the social and philosophical themes that are explored and regard the material to be worthwhile and meaningful.<br/><br/>Best if you watch the show in German and use subtitles if necessary. It was not really meant to be binged and if you are not fluent in German then it is probably best to sip it slowly. Season 1 was excellent but season 2 has blown my mind. The me in the past, present and future is telling you too. To begin with, outstanding cinematographics and music, only for these i would give this show a 10 stars. Amazing actor's work, each one fit's in their role perfectly. Watching it in german makes it more intimate.<br/><br/>By far the best time traveling paradox story i've watched, not only for teens who love watching sci-fy stuff, the time travelling part gets explained in a logical way. The story is amazing, even how i would want it to continue.<br/><br/>This get my award-votes, truly a masterpiece & the best show i've watched period.
Can't wait for season 3 to blow my mind again! I thought nothing will be better than Chernobyl this year, but I was wrong.
First one was absolutely great, but the second? This is so deep that you don't even need to rate it. Really the best show.
I started to watch the second season and I was not able to stop and I watched them all. How can I possible wait a year for the next season? One of the best series I have seen. The photography is excellent, the colors well done and the cast is super. Bravo Although I am Austrian and watched it in German, I write in English to hopefully convince others worldwide :)<br/><br/>First of all, I am totally fond of time-travel-stuff. Even if a plot is weak-if there is timetravel in it, I watch it!
But in this masterpiece, even the plot seems to be thought through!
Also, happens really rarely, I liked season 2 even better than the first (was also better produced, if only for the voiceovers they seem to have done).
There are twists and often unpredictable moments, without any needs of pure action.<br/><br/>I really hope that this series spreads all around the globe and fascinates many people, as it did with me!
(as one other wrote, I would have given 11/10 :) )<br/><br/>I heard that the story is 3 seasons long and not longer. Would be great, because then it seems that the writers have got a plan!<br/><br/>PLEASE, DEAR WRITERS/CREATORS/PRODUCERS: KEEP ON THE GOOD WORK, but don't get greedy for 10 seasons :) It is amazing how the story and the characters develop, in a smooth way without logical gaps. Literally it is the only series that every next episode, makes it even better. The philosophical aspect and the good music add something extra to the whole wonderful atmosphere. I am really enjoying this one ...and already finished 7 episodes in a single day ...just like stranger things... In a few words :
amazing
attractive
Ability to progress in storytelling
And
Hidden secrets When I first saw this trailer, I thought it looked spooky, but there wasn't enough shared. I set it aside. It wasn't until a fellow IG posted their thoughts that I thought it was time to give it a go. I'm glad I did; I quickly became enraptured! <br/><br/>FIRST: If you watch this on device, know that you will have to listen to the original language (which is cool) and read subtitles. Should you use Airplay or watch straight from Netflix on telly, then you get English dub, no subtitles. <br/><br/>Okay, that's out of the way. So this show's intro is fab! I love the song (Goodbye with Soap & Skin Apparat, The Devil's Walk). I had to buy it- it's what I do. Then there's the actual show. How do I review without giving away what it's all about...? It's totally conundrum and the story line is dark, brooding totally worth the watch. <br/><br/>It's not easy to follow, but ONLY because it's supposed to be. Once you realize what's going on, it's totally understandable why; that's also why it's so good! In order for you to comprehend the story lines, you must become muddled first. The make-believe town of Winden, Germany suffers occurrences that affect just about everyone in it. There's no paranormal activity going on, but that's all I'm going to share.<br/><br/>Filmed near Berlin, Germany, Dark has been compared to Stranger Things. Yes, a child goes missing, but a child is not the focus of this series. Don't look to Dark as if its another Stranger Things show, because it is NOT the same. Nowhere near, but it should become another global hit! Check it out. Had so much potential but unnecessarily gets over complicated, with far too many character names to memorise. It's a show that wants to keep you thinking, which it does but with no wow factor. It just keeps on going with loads of scenes which just feel like gap fillers, but just about keeps you intrigued in the hope that there would be something great which happens, but you just keep on waiting. 10 hours of my life I won't get back. Shame really, as it could have been so much more. Although this show is very highly rated I couldn't force myself to keep watching after a few episodes simply because of the way the actors talk. I wouldn't even say the acting is bad, the characters just can't keep up with all this dark, cold and mysterious plot. The people are all equally dark, cold and mysterious and that's just not the way people are or at least behave. For Non-German audience it is probably easier to get into but the show is set in Germany in German language. And no one here talks that way, like an emotionless robot (maybe that's the way we are seen by the world but it's not true). So every dialogue of the show reminded me just how different and stylish it wants to be, completely forgetting human depth or even basic human feelings (when you begin to ask yourself if there is any character capable of loving, even if it's just their family members, you know there is something wrong). First of all, this was compared before release to OA and ST. But it's pretty much LOST, in both highs and dreadful potential lows.<br/><br/>I was intrigued and liked the show for a large part of it, despite the heavy-handedness, predictability, number of characters and other common, but in my eyes minor, criticisms people seem to have. The pace I actually found perfect.<br/><br/>My only problem with this is that it has no coherent resolution anywhere in sight, and the final two episodes which I hoped would bring a clear direction and arrange at least some essential pieces of the missing puzzle brought just more of what was in the previous episodes.<br/><br/>I ended up having watched a collection of mysteries that seemed crudely glued together in hindsight. The show is exploiting the target audience's innate tendency to (over)analyse and speculate, although by the end of the last episode you are left with a ton of form over very little content and all the potential and originality have washed away episodes ago.<br/><br/>If you're in the target audience, you'll more than likely feed your own imagination and so you might find this show's beautifully presented food good, although is actually made with cheap, common and sometimes even rotten ingredients.<br/><br/>But I still had hope that this was a well-constructed 2-season concept presented half now, half after the expected renewal, which would make the show still potentially great as a large puzzle being slowly built to a satisfying reveal.<br/><br/>But then I found this on the matter<br/><br/>Just a quote:<br/><br/>"You have to be open to just say, 'Nah, OK. That might have been a good idea two weeks ago, but you know what? This is even more interesting,' and then just change it,"<br/><br/>This is CODE RED alarm territory. I'm quite sure now they'll continue to spin and add/remove things to keep the "drama", as they call it, going. And they'll probably want more than 2 seasons. This, I am 99% sure, will go the way of LOST. <br/><br/>The fact that there is also good thematic overlap between these two shows, which opens the resolution up to cheap cop-outs, is further indication that one should be wary of expecting anything from Dark beyond a rather fun brain-teaser that is however too long for how little intellectual meat if actually has on its shaky bones.<br/><br/>Will I watch S2? The second time I'll wait for the reviews after a couple months since release. I got burned once. The plot, the storyline, the acting and the setting are all perfectly put together in this truly unexpected work of German televisual art, a definite must watch. One of the best Netflix series so far. Waiting for season 3 <ul><li>You put aside your Henry Cavill, Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johanson and cast normal looking people that the audience can identify and empathize with;</li><li>You know your physics and philosophy and manage to include them in your story in a way that not only makes perfect sense but also adds to the story an important part of the plot</li><li>Your casting crew is probably the best one ever, if not (if I may dare to say so) unique</li><li>Your cast is doing an amazing job at acting</li><li>Your soundtracks basically make Netflix's "skip intro" feature pointless</li><li>Your filming locations are nothing short of perfect for the show as a whole</li><li>You're not shy of the horror/blood/gruesome murder and will stop at nothing to include them in your story</li><li>Your story makes an annoying amount of sense... as much sense as the "difficulty level" of the story, and to top it all of, no plotholes.</li></ul><br/><br/>In all seriousness, I took it with a grain of salt since it came from Netflix who wanted to hire D&D as their next step forward, and found myself amazed, very confused and happy that I this was produced in my time and I got to see it.<br/><br/>What a ride... cant wait for season 3!<br/><br/>A unique TV show
Maybe the best one yet<br/><br/>P.S - take notes, David Benioff and DB Weiss. Show so good, it breaks the 10 scale. This is a masterpiece. It got everything, I felt this is best Original series you could watch. It's more of human emotions than time travel, Dark will make you think who really You are and it make sense. believe it's all connected. Philosophical 🙏 Dark is hands down the best series I have seen on Netflix.<br/><br/>The casting is fantastic and the resemblance of the characters from different time periods is incredible. It's beautifully shot and lit, and the music and sound could not be better. It completely captivated my attention and had me thinking about the plot as I went to bed which is always a good sign.<br/><br/>PLEASE RESPECT THIS MASTERPIECE BY WATCHING IT WITH SUBTITLES. Otherwise, you will not experience it in all of it's glory. I wish Netflix did not offer dubbed English as it ruins the tone of the show. This is a German show and the language is part of the culture and setting of the story, as well as the brilliant performances given by the actors.<br/><br/>Season 3 cannot come soon enough.<br/><br/>More like this please Netflix. Minus the dubbing options. This is just perfect. The storyline, the casting, the acting, location, every single detail, everything is perfect. I like complex shows and movies, where I've to use my mind, my concentration to understand the stuffs going on. And that is what this show offers. Alles ist mit einander verbunden. Now this is a slow burner but boy does it pay off! There are v few shows that really impact and stick with me. Stranger Things was up there...this surpasses it for me!
IMO the best show on Netflix!
Everything about Dark....the pace, the mood, the characters, the twists and turns, make for absolutely outstanding tv. There's nothing I can really compare it to. It's original, beautiful and may just blow your mind a little.
I've had a few mates say they've struggled with it at the start...'it's too slow and confusing'.
Don't quit!! Stick with it as the momentum builds.
I kinda wish I could start it all over again without knowing what I already know.
Can't wait for season 3!... Gripping and fast-moving plot, plausible characters. The show is thought-provoking, so must seen! It has very specific and unique plot, and it's really difficult to make a comparison with some other Sci-Fi show. It's easy to watch, but somewhat intense in the same time. I'd recommend to make some notes on the character's connections, if you're not going to watch it in one go.<br/><br/>I don't think I gave any tv show 10 stars rating, and I hope it won't disappoint us in the seasons to come. On the side note, there is not one funny scene in the show, hence the name. This series have raised the bar pretty high.I watched both seasons in a dark room and it was awesome.Sounds are great and on exact spot making the experience even better.Well done Netflix Usually, movies are not as intellectually demanding as books. However, Dark performs this almost impossible task. I was not merely watching, but also using my brain to predict, analyze and synthesize characters moves. However, the plot is so vast that your imagination shifts to a new level with every episode.<br/><br/>Every episode of the show gives important information and nothing is wasted. Tension increases as well. As a result, I was watching the last episode of 2nd season standing. Going into this series, I thought it was a crime show with some mystery and horror elements. Boy was I wrong, it's so much more than that. The way the story unfolds and mysteries arise is just brilliant. Every small detail is important and has a meaning. The music and cinematography takes the already great story to a whole new level. The show may be complex, but this gives rise to a really good story. I would not recommend bingewatching this series, but taking it slow and processing each episode. This show will do your head in if you are not paying attention as its nothing like Back to the Future as it explores time travel and destiny in a more complex way. This is the ultimate puzzle as we're told stories in several timelines introduced to various characters that turn out to be the same person!<br/><br/>Have I lost you?<br/><br/>Dark takes the subject of time travel, twists it up with kidnapping and missing children, tortures a town of lovable citizens and then it all converges into one time period! It's an exciting exploration of the idea of time travel held up by very well thought out characters. There are so many answers lying in episodes, you'll find yourself re-watching them for clues and feel like you need to write things down as you work out who is who and what is what. I don't know how I came across Dark. The series does not waste its time and you are gripped by the first episode. All characters have a motivation and are connected. I am surprised the movie tackles family drama with science fiction so well. The acting is excellent, and though I watch the dubbed version; which fails to convey the same emotion as the expressions, the acting and story more than makes up for it. Here we see four families whose fates are interconnected across time. The show is smart, mindbending, very well shot and perfectly casted. I am surprised how different actors portraying the same character in different times look so similar you know immediately who the person is. This is because of great care in casting, and acting. I can't believe I have binged through 2 seasons in less than 2 weeks. From the soundtrack that accompanies each scene to the actors portrayed in this show.... such magic. I've watched over multiple times to catch small hints of what I may miss and I'm captivated every time. Beautifully filmed and portrayed. This show will blow your mind.. every small details will makes you think more and more<br/><br/>Just amazing I've started to watch it in English (dubbed) - oh what a mistake to make :) Right there I could see that it is completely emotionless. So I played the first episode again with English subtitles this time and after finishing the season 2 I can just say It BLEW MY MIND , great acting and casting... Brilliant. Just brilliant. Can't wait for the next season!! I honestly think that this show is not for teenagers who like to watch Marvel and similar superhero stories. This is far more mature and definitely breath taking. I sincerely recommend it!! Netflix done it again, what a masterpiece Dark is. This is probably one of the best shows I've seen so far (and I've seen a lot!). The plot is very intelligent, you have ti keep your attention. The actor are really well casted. The resemblance between the kids, their adult version and their old version are really good. If you like an intelligent plot this is a must see! Simply a masterpiece. I just finished the second season and it left me hanging from begging to end, actually binge watched it in a day. I was so shook when the girl says "The question isn't when. It's in what dimension?!" The complexity of the plot is really impressive! Undoubtedly one of the most thought-out shows ever. Spectacular genre mix with science fiction, thriller, drama and mystery elements filled with suspense and unpredictable twists. Many thanks to Netflix for their confidence in the showrunners, who were able to implement their visions so consistently. A true mind-bending series.
Beautifully written. Kudos to the writers.
Can't wait for season 3. The story, characters, acting etc.
Everything is on point!
Watch It in german if possible though ;) The amount of thought and expertise put into every single frame of this show and page of the script is absolutely beautiful. You will not find a more captivating show anywhere else on television. I used to compare this to being a better stranger things after watching Season 1 but the latter half of season 1 and all of season 2 absolutely surpasses Stranger things and any other show on television right now. Watch this if you want a mind-bending show with hard hitting plot twists that will leave you begging for more each time. Dark is not just a crazy story and daring to challenge the mind<br/><br/>But the lessons of directing and creative in the images and the manipulation of color and link time It was bit confusing when every scene jumps to a different year but did it left me keep wanting more why people keeps comparing Dark to Stranger Things obviously Dark is superior in all aspects And leaves your head rolling around on the floor wondering what you've seen.<br/><br/>Excellent show makes me want to learn more about Quantum Physics. Fans of Lost will love it. Season 1 was very good, but season 2 is a true masterpiece.That's a pity it has only 8 episodes. I can't wait to see more. As german is my mothers tounge, i've watched a lot of german and austrian productions over the years. here's what i have to say about dark: it's not like anything you would expect of a german tv show. it more feels like some american show but the language is just not what you're used to. netflix did a really really amazing job on this one, this show is just perfect. no matter where you're from, you kinda identify with the setting.
it's beautifully twisted and like every 20 minutes you'll just sit in front of the tv being like 'wtf is happening'. season 2 is (again) amazingly good if not even better than the first. This is a show which I will have to watch season 1 all over again as it just messes with your head so in season 2. It completely messes with the sci fi version of time travel and almost gives a reason for deja vu. My high school German has also improved I'm pleased to say. A great show and a must watch if you like very intelligent sci fi. A must watch show which I rate above Stranger Things. Great start to the second season. This show is truly unique and the season premiere continues to raise more and more questions, specifically:<br/><br/>SPOILERS BELOW
.
.
.
.
.
.
1. Who is Adam and what is goal?
2. Is Noah merely a puppet or does he have a larger role to play? Is he good or evil or a combination of the two?
3. Are there other characters in different time periods?
4. What happened to Helge?
5. Is Ulrich still trapped in 1953?
6. If Jonas closed the wormhole how will he reopen it?
7. How did the wormhole first come to be? (Chicken and egg theory)
8. What happened at the power plant?
9. What role will Elisabeth play in the future and how did she come to be in charge?
10. Will present day Jonas take a different path in the "future" or will he continue the same cycle?
11. If the past influences the future and the future influences the past is it a never-ending cycle?
12. How close of a connection is there to Chernobyl?
13. How are religion and science really connected?<br/><br/>Just to name a few, lol. I don't know about you but my mind is spinning thinking about it all. I'm truly curious to see how this season unfolds but so far so good! It has been on my watch list for a long time, but kept skipping it somehow. Was a lot confused on what to start after switching off from initial 30mins of 'Wine Country' (which I picked up, was excited to see a new Amy Poehler project - but turned out to be a disaster!).
Anyway in that moment of confusion I thought to give this a try finally - guess what - German (alien to me) language. Sigh! I thought another disappointment, since I have NEVER in my life seen or tried to see anything in another language, as it takes away the concentration to watch while reading subtitles (I detest that). But even after that I kept on watching, scene after scene; within 10-15mins I was hooked to the series. It was in episode 8 that I learnt English dubbed version is also there, didn't like it though - voices that are in dubbed version takes away from all the characters.
Although I still have a lot of plot questions (like why did Older Jonas didn't let the teenage Jonas take Mikkel away right away from hospital when he knew all what has happened and he will be back to Mikkel later anyway & then it will be too late), and there are a lot of things which take away from the time travel theory available till now (existance of two-era same person at same time, Charlotte meeting Jonas in 1986, but now having no new memory of their conversation etc.). But I can let it go as a creative loophole for the time being (even if unanswered) because the series is brilliant, delivery of every actor is phenomenal and I thoroughly liked watching it.
Also, just read in the review - people think it's Stranger Things inspired - take it from someone who watch almost everything - NO, IT IS NOT, way beyond that.
Eagerly waiting now for S02. You may have slept on Netflix's German-language production Dark, and that was a mistake. The trippy time-travel series received comparisons to Stranger Things when it premiered, but it's actually much deeper and more evocative of Twin Peaks. Weaving a twisty tale about four interconnected families in a small German town, the show is worth the effort of the mental gymnastics required to understand the wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey nature of its storytelling. Highly recommended. This is one of the top tv series i have seen... Best acting and it is too good..worth watching.. One of the best shows I have ever seen. Literally the only thing I didn't like about it was the horrific English dubbed voices. If there was anyway to watch this in German with English subtitles I would give it an 11/10. I've seen a lot of these types of shows but this one in particular held my attention through and through. I personally love the aspect of time travel in this show (not many modern shows have gone through that route). Also, the character development (especially with Ulrich) is superb.<br/><br/>Even though I'm usually not into reading subtitles but this show really made me try to watch more German mystery shows/dramas. Very complicated and filled with twists. A little scary, very intense I got stuck on it, could not sleep had to watch!
Amazing environment, scary, creepy, mysterious, you get caught in the story, you slowly discover what happened, you put the piece of the puzzle together.
Mindblowing!! "The distinction between past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion" Albert Einstein.<br/><br/>"We trust that time is linear. That it proceeds eternally, uniformly. Into infinity. But the distinction between past, present is nothing but an illusion Yesterday, today and tomorrow are not consecutive, they are connected in a never-ending circle. Everything is connected."<br/><br/>That is the opening narration of the Netflix show "Dark". The mysticism is in place and you are from the second it starts draws you into the show with a huge person gallery and you have to keep up to keep track of every one. <br/><br/>As a big TV series fan, I have to bend myself into the dust and say that this series might be the best I've ever seen. It reminiscent of the series "Stranger Things", a perhaps more mature version, but at the same time it's not like it. How is that possible?<br/><br/>Both series have mysterious, supernatural inexplicable elements. Children disappear and we are in the 1980s. In "Stranger Things" something scary happens at the research lab in the city of Hawkins. While in "Dark" something scary happens at the German city of Winden's nuclear power plant. I do not want to say much more to avoid spoiling alerts. But this series with it's mysterious, inexplicable, dark and spooky mood drew me directly into the screen.<br/><br/>Finally, the series like "Stranger Things" has an ingenious soundtrack.
The soundtrack in "Dark" really gives a creepy and enchanting mood to the series.
So I give a great recommendation to this series! There is only one season. But they are starting to film the second season. So if you're looking for a series to get started, that's not too unimaginably long. So do yourself a favor and see "Dark". (NB: They speak German) This serial hooked me up two nights in a row. Can't wait season2. I don't know why but I thought it was going to be something scary, a horror series. Maybe because of the poster and the title. But it wasn't horror, not at all. It's a mystery crime, but a real good one. I don't know any of the German actors, don't know if they are famous in their country, but they sure can act. I thought they were all very good and all of them added something different to the story. A story that you have to watch very closely, without any disturbance and without losing your attention. Because if you do you won't be able to follow the story anymore. It's all a bit complicated and weird but in a good way. Certainly one of the better shows in this genre that I saw this year. The soundtrack is just excellent. It really adds something to the dark ambiance. I don't know if there will be a second season, it looks like it, but I'm certainly a fan and will for sure watch the next season if there is one. Class show! Dark has many elements of a TV series that would make for an enjoyable watch. An ominous town with strange events unfolding and a setting that is reminiscent of the likes of Twin Peaks or Stranger Things. The plot synopsis spells intrigue and the opening montage of the show is tastefully done with a foreboding purpose. Unfortunately, the show itself is not executed all that well.<br/><br/>The story dabbles with the idea of time being a continuous loop which is a solid premise for a good story. Time as a concept for storytelling engages its audience intellectually and usually makes for some good plot twists. The problem with Dark is that the director has a lot of creative ambition tied with a lot of difficulty to substantiate it. There is too much going on with a lack of meaning behind it. <br/><br/>If the intent was to create a dizzying storyline that jumps from one character to another gratuitously to tightly bundle the events unfolding for many of the show's cast, they succeeded. Yet this is Dark's biggest downfall; it wants to take you along for the ride and present to you everything that is going on with everybody without taking the time to develop its cast into meaningful, interesting characters. No one is particularly memorable or evoking of much emotion.<br/><br/>The plot doesn't materialize into anything awe inspiring neither; it does present interesting if not farfetched ideas that could serve to partially redeem the narrative if the director manages to tie it all together in upcoming seasons. Some sequences will certainly make you brainstorm; yet these unfoldings hold little weight and are not as impactful as they were intended to be. As of the 1st season, Dark fails to come full circle unlike its concept of time does. Dark is a Netflix German TV show that talks about a mysterious disappearance of two young boys, with a supernatural powers in town.<br/><br/>Man oh man this is by far the best series I've watched this year I mean I was just blown away by the writing of this TV show. The story may seems simple, normal and heard of before but believe me it's not ! I first thought that it's only a mystery/Crime series but it's not like that.<br/><br/>The story is easily one of the best stories I've ever seen in a TV show, The events were very surprising yes they were slow but that's not a problem at least for me, like I said the series is German yes you can change the audio to English but that's just stupid in my opinion so it's in German and the show itself is really confusing in a good way of course but you really have to concentrate on every scene and it was harder to read with subtitles with every time they speak. So you really have to clear up your mind to have a better understanding of the great story.<br/><br/>Stranger Things !<br/><br/>Yes Stranger Things, you can really see how Dark was a little bit inspired by Stranger Things and I really liked that because ST is simply one of my favourite TV shows ever.<br/><br/>The Cinematography<br/><br/>I really just loved every scene of the series, The scenes were really well shot you can really see that the the DP worked very hard to get those shots.<br/><br/>The Soundtrack<br/><br/>Maybe the best score I've heard from a TV show this year just a hair above Stranger Things, I get that some people have problems with films or series using music in every or almost every scene but not for me I love when they do that, I mean music can really move you in some way and the really beautiful shots with the great music made me a very happy guy.<br/><br/>Performances<br/><br/>As for the acting wise I really don't recall any bad performance by any character or actor, I mean all the performances were spot on, really the actors are genuinely very good.<br/><br/>And for some weird reason I found the TV show very beautiful maybe I'm an odd person, but in some scenes with the GREAT music it just felt so good and very emotional.<br/><br/>There's also things that are left unexplained or at least first I thought that they were I didn't get what happened but now I'm sure that they were just left there unexplained or maybe not that but they want the audience to think by themselves.<br/><br/>Overall: Dark is the best TV show I've seen this year period. I love time paradox and this series is based on that, so when i see the first 2 episodes i already love it. <br/><br/>Behind the fantastic story full of twists and twists there are excellent actors able to convey real emotions.<br/><br/>Finally it is the series after a long time that I waited: visually a fireworks every scene, does not stop in front of the violence (I do not understand the criticism of certain violent scenes, it seems that it can not happen?) and the despair of being trapped in your destiny and the illusion of being able to change it.<br/><br/>Best series of last years. There are a few good German TV shows, like Add a friend, Tempel, Tomorrow I quit, to name but a few more recent ones, Dark - in my opinion - is not one of the perfectly well-made ones. It has a great starting point, good dialogues and purpose, but I agree with reviewers who point out how boring it is. It truly could use some more tempo and it is very hard to keep the many characters and their complex intertwinings apart. I also do not support the comparison to Stranger things. ST is completely different as far as story, tempo, characters, message etc. go. As far as some parallels go, you could also compare Dark to Back to the future part 1 (e.g. in episode 7). All that the misleading ST-comparisons do is that they evoke hateful comments about how sullen and sour = typically German the kids in Dark are as compared to the ST-kids - well, I suppose, judging from these statements, that it is normal for teenagers in California or Florida to cheer and celebrate, when your father dies and your brothers/neighborhood kids disappear, in this case it is a compliment that the German kids react "sullen and sour" in the face of profound human tragedies... And people who do not attribute Germans the capability of having humour do not know the German people at all, they just dose and apply it differently/more fittingly... And one word about subtitles: billions of people all over the world have been and will be watching meaningless Hollywood shows with subtitles for many decades, so boohoo, if now and then there is one show with meaning that asks from you to read a bit... Yes, the show does have originality, a message, meaning (and is not about Nazis or the FRG!), but it is not easy to watch, so eight out of ten stars. Everybody decide for themselves if they like it or not, but offending Germans of being sullen when they are mourning is just another hate speech against (present) people who haven't done anything wrong. An intriguing series that was pretty good. The only downside was the English overwrite of the German language. Subtitles would have been better as the voiceovers lacked the tone needed for some parts and was sometimes lacking and amateurish I guess i have watched already most ( not the local ones which pointed of that country peoples only) of the more than 8 point tv series of imdb top 500 but if one series and script will be in top 5 definitelly dark deserve to be in top 5 of all the time.i didn't watch any story from 20 years with this kind of complicated characters,script,story and still you can stay in story and they connected all of them perfectly.
if someone say anything bad about this i have to say if aynone can right better of this please show us so we can illimunate too. Ficking mind boggling series, season 3 in on the door so freakin excited to know Dark is an artwork. The creator so work about sounds, history and Pictures. I really love to watch time travel based movies or series and then i watch Dark and I'm glad to say that this is the top 1 time travel series I think there is nothing compared with Dark I love it This series really gave me what I really wanted.
I LOVE this kind of plot. And the characters did their role greatly. It is a worth watching Tv-Series 👍🏼 I love this series and I'm writing season 3
And that word for I have reviewed Finally, after a long time I found my favorite series . dram ,
Mysterious , time ... i love it This show is incredible. It is not turning your head around. The casting is superb, same with the music and the settings.
Highly recommended. It is a pleasure for people who like complex storylines. What are they thinking about series omg this fantastic any netflix fans never miss this one omg Dark is masterpiece. Don't waste your time with other US series. The two seasons are impressive. This show deserves more then 10 Stars. The Writing, Acting, Music, Screenplay, Casting, Details... everything is on point and couldnt be any better. Baran Bo Odar and Jantje Friese made a godlike show. You wont regret watching this. I finished the first $ second season.<br/><br/>What an amazing wild RIDE.<br/><br/>Everything from great script, to amazing cinematography, music amd songs choice.<br/><br/>I CAN'T put an eyes from it during watching.Every second counts .with no boredom ever.<br/><br/>Thank you and keep the good work for the third season. TIME TRAVELLING.
AS CRAZY AS IT SOUNDS.
ITS AN AMAZING CONCEPT .
This is one of the best TV shows.
Does justice at every point to it's genre.
The storytelling pattern the makers carried through the series is appreciable.
Screenplay is so complex ,yet they managed to portray it in a way audience will be able to enjoy. Easily the best series I've ever watched. I can't even comprehend how someone can write a story as complex as this. Truly mind-blowing. One if the most indefinitely incredible series I've watched... ever. Omg. Speechless. Just a masterpiece, the only problem is the show is so complex that every season you have to see the last one to understand the story and not get lost. The end of season 2 opens thousands of new stories. Highly recommend..... Gripping from start to finish! A must watch show! I have watched the dubbed version and I was still amazed at the quality of this series. You cannot look away! The dubbed version was perfect for me because I didn't want to miss anything!
The story is amazing. The quality of the visuals are amazing. The actors and their older/younger versions are perfect! You can feel the story seep in and grab hold of you. It makes you care about the lives of these people. Thank you for the pleasure of watching something so awesome!! Easy 10 for me. Watched the first season when it came out, reviewing after binge watching season 2. Easily in my top 10 series ever, don't think it would be a push to make it top 5. If you are a fan of sci-fi in general or even more so of the time travel theme this show is an absolute must watch. So what do you get in this sci-fi/time travel series? - Drama, tension, suspense, twists, mystery, lies, secrets, deceit, wormholes, time machines, parents from the future, children from the past, both daughter and mother at the same time. I could go on but trying not to make it too long. Great writing and story telling but it is really the characters that make this show what it is - multiple storylines over multiple timelines, each 33 years apart between 1921 and 2053 all intertwined with multiple versions of some characters existing in the same timeline at the same time. All sound a bit confusing? Well I will add that yes, sometimes it can be which is why I found it helpful to have open a chart explaining how all the characters are related. From the closing scenes of season 2 it looks like season 3 will also be going multi-dimensional, can't wait One of the best series ever. WHAT A GREAT CAST. I have seen the whole second season in one day. Great scenery, great photography, great story, great everything..please continue the excellent work that you are doing and keep giving us shows like DARK!!! I first want to start off by saying that how the hell is nobody watching and talking about the show?seriously this is probably one of the best Sci-fi TV shows of 2019 so far. If we are going to be completely honest, I was actually more excited for the second season of dark then Stranger Things season 3.<br/><br/>The first season of dark was pretty good it had some flaws but I was surprised of how it turns out, especially as a German show. the second season is more complex and have a lot more twist and turns coming in every single episodes.<br/><br/>Everything about the second season was absolutely perfect, the pacing is incredible, the color palette is very beautiful from my point of view, The cinematography is amazing, the performances is fantastic, the soundtrack is haunting and very magnificent and editing was amazing as well.<br/><br/>From storytelling, it is more intense and more shocking than the first season. The second season goes more deeper into the whole 33 years cycles and the time travel paradoxes and each episodes leaves you with a lot more questions than the first season did. I did not find any flaws on the second season however, you guys need to pay a lot more close attention to the show because once you look away from that there is of course a moment where you guys are going to be very confused from and I like that the writers keep playing with the audiences so they can make up theories from their own so that way they can leave us more unexpected when the third season starts .<br/><br/>In conclusion, Season two was fantastic it is obviously better than the first season, I cannot wait to see how the third season goes after what happened at the last episode and I hope a lot more people start to watch the show because It's incredibly an underrated show and hopefully they put a lot more higher stakes to the third season than the first 2 seasons<br/><br/>10/10 I first want to start off by saying that how the hell is nobody watching and talking about the show?seriously this is probably one of the best Sci-fi TV shows of 2019 so far. If we are going to be completely honest, I was actually more excited for the second season of dark then Stranger Things season 3.<br/><br/>The first season of dark was pretty good it had some flaws but I was surprised of how it turns out, especially as a German show. the second season is more complex and have a lot more twist and turns coming in every single episodes.<br/><br/>Everything about the second season was absolutely perfect, the pacing is incredible, the color palette is very beautiful from my point of view, The cinematography is amazing, the performances is fantastic, the soundtrack is haunting and very magnificent and editing is amazing as well.<br/><br/>From storytelling, it is more intense and more shocking than the first season. The second season goes more deeper into the whole 33 years cycles and the time travel paradoxes and each episodes leaves you with a lot more questions than the first season did. I did not find any flaws on the second season however, you guys need to pay a lot more close attention to the show because once you look away from that there is of course a moment where you guys are going to be very confused from and I like that the writers keep playing with the audiences so they can make up theories from their own so that way they can leave us more unexpected when the third season starts .<br/><br/>In conclusion, Season two was fantastic it is obviously better than the first season, I cannot wait to see how the third season goes after what happened at the last episode and I hope a lot more people start to watch the show because It's incredibly an underrated show and hopefully they put a lot more higher stakes to the third season than the first 2 seasons. Hands down the best show that ever made. Extremely underrated Just because it's German. This is a show you shouldn't miss.
It handles the controversial concept of time travel so amazingly that it leaves you in awe.
Every event can be explained with the point of view of the character witnessing it. Every character's timeline leads to the end point as expected.
This show keeps on giving you something to work on, you'll never feel the need to look away because you might miss something.
Each episode's ending will leave you in immense thought and force you to watch the next one.
Though I suggest to not binge it, but give it time. Savour each episode, give it some thought and then when you'll watch the next one you will be absolutely surprised.
Just amazing. A truly masterpice of Sci-fi and tima travel, marvelous and glorius script, perfect visuals and a story that has to be one of the most complex and with paradoxes of ths decade. A must watch show for Sci-fi lovers. I loved the first Season what was a total surprise for me since I usually hate German Television and Cinema... But this is just on a whole other level. The second season will just blow you away. I just finished season 2 and it's been a mind boggling ride among different time travels and at a point you start to lose track of who is who and what is what? It's starts with something very plain and simple time travel fun to hugely complex plot where you have to pause and think what is actually going on there. You will surely be overwhelmed with back and forth parallel time stories running in different years but in the end I felt, the show has just started...20/10 for this show. Worthy of binge. This series is best to be binge-watched.<br/><br/>A lot of characters are introduced to you in quick succession. You'll have to remember a lot of names and faces, and when everything really kicks off, you'll basically have to do this again. Definitely not material for someone with a short attention span or no focus.<br/><br/>It's increasingly spinning a lot of plates and by the time you're done watching the last episode, you'll notice most of them are still spinning. Some may say this is a bad thing and are having a Lost déjà vu. I'm currently undecided myself; season 2 will make or break it. So far, I'm very much liking what I see, yet it's not perfect.<br/><br/>Acting is pretty decent across the board and some deliver a very good performance.<br/><br/>The music and soundtrack really add to the mystery and eeriness, sometimes also because of it's unconventional choice. However, I do feel the soundtrack is overused quite a lot, trying to make simple and rather unintersting conversations and happenings seem more interesting than they really are. I get why this is done and I don't even dislike the mechanic per se, but it's taken to the next level here.<br/><br/>I had to suspend my disbelief quite a few times, but all in all it wasn't a huge struggle for me. Not all science is explained but I didn't feel it had to do so, at least yet. Some of the characters do make some truly illogical and unbelievable choices, though, some of which are borderline absurd and nonsensical. There are also some rather large plotholes, I don't even understand how they got overlooked.<br/><br/>Overall, the pace felt right, but with a slight lull right in the middle.<br/><br/>Visually, it fits the theme and story perfectly.<br/><br/>All in all, a very interesting, dark and mysterious ride that has you wanting more. I do hope the questions get answered. Can't wait for season 2. 8/10 The amazing score, incredible acting, intelligent writing, jaw dropping cinematography all come together to tell a story that is a breath of fresh air. It is like no other piece of film I have ever seen and that's a good thing. Never in my life Ive seen something this complicated and yet meaningful. Truly this show makes your head go right and left for answers.<br/><br/>Every episode has its own beauty and I truly love it. Actually, no words to describe this phenomenal binge worthy series. No Words. Brilliantly Done By The Director and writter. I Just Love The Way The Create The Dark Envoriment by Score And Direction. One of my Favourite Show This the one and only written review by me. The episode is so fascinating and it makes me so enthusiastic. Just waiting for june 27 to come to see the last cycle. If you gona watch it you have little bit patience and concentration and then on you will go with the flow. The Story, the writing, the plot, everthing is perfect in that show.
The cast is well casted and the music and camera work as well. Mind blowing stuff. Keeps you on your toes and continuously keeps your brain engaged. Must watch. Why the hell i was so late to watch this show.. Omg.. It's incredible show ever seen.. I think its a master piece ever made by any Genius.. Hatsoff to the makers nd actors.. Brilliant.. It's just blow my mind.. 👍👍 It is 3 times complex then inception and 2 times mysterious then Stranger things. Keep a diary with you and note which character are what. It's the best Netflix original for sure. This shows makes you watch it continuously. The thriller and suspense continue throughout the series.One of the best casting of a series. The story revolves in 3 different era with the same characters but different casting but allow you to understand each.Strong acting and highly recommended series.<br/><br/>You may get problem in remembering the characters so first form a family tree.It can help you understanding the series.Once you get the characters and flow there is no come back.<br/><br/>Sic mundus creatus est.
The end is the beginning. Absolutely masterpiece. From soundtrack to character. This is the best sci-fi series I have watched yet...this will leave your mind twisted... you all will surely enjoy it Though it seems like an unofficial extension of PREDESTINATION, but rarely has any series made me so engaged in past.
The story is great and the execution is epic. Everything just fits into place - the writing is thought-provoking, the cinematography visually stunning and the acting is just too good(apart from elder Charlotte's).
Finally 'Dark' is one of those rare series which keep you on edge. Just bear in mind nothing is impossible and you are good to go! I will not review it ,rather I will give some tips to watch it.
1.Memorize every characters name.
2.Always be attentive about timeline of the events.
3.Remember this is who of which time.
4.Have an idea about the basic of time
paradox,time travel, and time loops.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, don't even think for a moment to miss it. This series makes me think again in our life and how everything is destined to happen. Prodigious!!! Beautifully crafted Story...each episode is piece of the puzzle and the pieces combine to form a story....
basically it's like first season 5th episode puzzle gets completed in 2nd season 3rd episode and leaves u with another puzzle..so u have to really remember everything to understand what's happening..
After steins gate, this is the first show that takes time travel experience to a new level.... Quite simply an extraordinary show. Densely plotted, multi-layered characters with the over-arching themes of time travel and dark matter. Having loved season 1 as a real step to the right, breath of fresh air drama, I was very interested to see where they went.<br/><br/>Time Travel is at its best. Season 2 did not disappoint. From the opening titles, you know you are in for a mesmerising visual treat and that's exactly what you have. To be honest it took me 4 episodes to work out exactly where we were going again and I have every intention of going back to the beginning of season to watch it through again as I know there are so many nuances that were there to be relived.<br/><br/>Superb drama and cannot wait to see where the final cycle of season 3 will take us. "The question is not when? its from which world?" Just mind-blowing story telling. It is a great series but you really need to get your head in the game. The time jumps are very well structured to tell the story but if you miss one small detail, you may be lost. Speaking of "Lost", if you were a fan of that series, this is your cup of tea. What an amazing piece of work! The best sci-fi series of the 21st century. Everything is too good to be true. The show is too good. The characters are amazing.
You need to remember all the characters name to understand the show properly. The concept of the show is completely different from stranger things and ppl who are comparing this with ST are dumb that is what I can tell.
While watching the show I'm damn sure you are going to flip at different level. Who ever is reading this review and you haven't watched this show I would request you to give it a shot at least the season 1.
Great show. Great actors. Great production unit. Great cinematography. Thanks to the entire team of this amazing series for not assuming that people are dumb so they need to dumb it down for mass people. I'm a sci-fi fan and even then it took me time to digest that the show kept throwing at me. I'm not saying it is a fast paced or slow paced but the sheer amount of information every episode was giving me, i had to pause and reflect several times to link all the pieces together. Thank u guys. I'm not going to thank any individual part of the team because the entire team deserves it.
P.S. Write the name of the characters and make a family tree . It helped me a lot after i got lost when the show was switching timelines. Prepare yourself for the tv series that alter your mind I'm coming from 2053 and this series gonna win many awards... A small German town is dealing with the disapearances and deaths of young boys within their own community This is connected to a time portal created at the town's nuclear power plant. The story gets quite complicated and very intriguing as characters traveling through the era's create consequences which cannot be undone. A must watch for Time Travel fans. This is one to pay attention and keep track of all the characters, who are fully formed and their stories intertwine perfectly. Definitely worth the payoff, especially now that it's dubbed over instead of subtitles. Definitely a thinking person's version of a cross between Stranger Things and Twin Peaks, but to compare seems to take something away from Dark. It's in its own category, and is amazing. Season 2 just adds to it, which is hard to accomplish. Very great series! This is really a masterpiece. I watched all 2 seasons in two days. I couldn't stop watching, and after i finished it i question our life and what are we capable of and why dont we still travel through time because time is bendable. I really like how this show impacted my " future". If you are smart, you will definitely watch this show. I would also say the scenes are aesthetically pleasing, its somehow darkness and contrast with yellow hood implies the light in the dark, which i liked. Except the storyline i liked the approach to the details as choosing the cast, scenography and costume design, also made this show perfect. I can't wait for season 3! I've watched a few episodes now, and although I agree on the fact that the English dub is terrible, I don't see it as a problem! Just watch it in German! The glum, terrifying feeling adds mystery to the series, and I can't wait to continue on this journey! Not a single scene is boring.each n every scene n character are fabulous ,if u miss a single sec. U will have to watch it again. Good show. Good actors.
I love timetravel series and movies.
But if I have to compare Dark with a different series it would be 12 monkeys. I am tired of thinking excessive events of this series .. I hope the last part carries with him the solution to all these events Watch every episode carefully, don't miss even a single second,,if possible watch each season twice, Netflix done it again, marvellous You know what?this TV show does have fantastic perspective u can be interfering with all careacters.everything's perfetc but it does have only on problem. the stories is moving very slowly.you're gonna be bored after any episode and you're gonna be tired. it's more than something interesting. this movie tell you much deferente perspective of time traveling. I started to watch this serie. I was not sure at the beginning since it is an international serie as I am used to watch series in english (the original version is in german). But, I was SO SO wrong. This serie is simply incredible. The storytelling is done in such a way that you feel you are part of it. Ohhhh.what a thrilling and mind blowing series.every episode is so brilliant.And the cast ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ.Must watch this show before you die.... This is one of the best shows I've seen in a long time! This is a show that really makes you think and the writing to this show is phenomenal in my opinion. I just hope in the future seasons they dont get to crazy with stuff..so far its seemed well balanced I loved the first season of "Dark", at the time I thought it was one of my favorite German productions. Up there with Das Boot. After viewing season two a few weeks ago this has become not only my all time favorite German TV Shows/Movies it's one of my all time favorites, period. From the directing, and cinematography to the complexity of the story line this is pure bliss. The TV shows of our day far outshine the movies of the past. I really look forward to season three. After season 1 had ended I gave this series 7 out of 10 because I thought they wouldn't be able to explain all this, like it happened in "Lost". Well, it all makes perfectly sense after watching season 2. This is an absolute masterpiece. Outstanding acting, great photography, very original and intriguing storyline! Cant wait for the last season.
Watching this is German is a must. Absolute masterpiece of a show. I could watch it forever without getting bored, the writing is that good. And the casting and soundtrack is absolutely mind blowing. Can't wait for season 3 and for people to recognize this as one of the best shows ever created This is the best TV show based on time travel. It revolves around all the major characters in the show and all the interconnections it has is superb.
Waiting for season 3... Best series as compare to other..
Although at beginning it is boring but as it proceeds it becomes interesting and complicate.
As compare to stranger things it is well explain nice concept has take..
Lead as well as co star acting are so good...
Well directed In the last couple of years most of the successful 1st season shows get a drop in the second, but not Dark. Its just so great to see a how which gives you a hundred question in season 1 and answers all of them in season 2, but also creates another 50.<br/><br/>Its a must watch! Thanks to the creators for this! Wow what a master piece.
I don't have words its what u list think This is by far the most intact character developing I have ever scene. Period.<br/><br/>When you get a perfectly written story, get actors who "live" their characters and have a quality real like script, you get Dark!<br/><br/>I can't wait to see where it ends. And I really hope it maintains its magical quality.
I just can't emphasize the word amazing enough. If you're into time travel and time paradoxes like me, this is the show to watch. I strongly recommend watching with original german audio and the subtitle of your choosing. Also build your own family tree as you go along watching or have one pre made beside you.
This show is not to be compared to Stranger Things in my opinion, sure there are some similarities, the darkness maybe.
Shows like Fringe and the movies Donnie Darko and Twelve Monkeys comes more to my mind.
So much looking forward to season 3, the writers have really proven themselves to be brilliant, as are the actors.
This show might actually be my all time favorite. Every episode sucks you further into the crazy plot. And it is an INSANE plot, that twists and turns, and it shattered my expectations with really well executed reveals. Its a horror movie, a crime movie, and a sci fi epic. This is really amazing job. I think Dark has 40 episode. Watch all the time. I have been waiting almost 30 years for another Masterpiece. Mind Blowing everysingle second. Cant express my gratitude with words. too much. thank you! After S1, I felt this was easily the best series on Netflix. After S2, I now feel this may be the best series of all time across any media. It may sound like hyperbole, but it's seriously that good. It's got everything... a very smart and tightly written story, complex characters, a strong script, top notch performances, and mind blowing twists.<br/><br/>Just watch it. In German with subtitles.<br/><br/>It will quickly become the bar that you measure all other shows against. I didn't think it would get any better, but it did. Season 2 answers a lot but also opens up new questions. Season 2 is a little lighter with the music (wich I really loved about the first season). Overall it's really good and totally catches my vibe. Totally perfect mystery series. It's a 10/10 for me personally, no questions asked! Intriguing story, top notch direction, amazing acting.<br/><br/>At times you get lost with all the different angles of the story but the story telling keeps you engaged. Never a full moment.<br/><br/>The acting of every single character is amazing.<br/><br/>The direction, cinematography is world class. Waiting for season 3!! One of the best tv shows I've ever seen. Every episode evolved and got better and better while the second season blew my expectations as well, can't wait for the third one. The acting, editing, plot, soundtrack of this series is amazing and mind-blowing. Every episode so far is perfect. Season 3 is the last season that raps everything up and is perfect that it wont continue on. Every thing about Dark is p-e-r-f-e-c-t !!! Beautifully shot,well thought out plot.
Good acting.
Good writing.
Keeps you guessing.
Another great piece of German television that dares to be different.
Should be watched in German with subtitles.
Still watching season 2 and it is travelling well! Being born in Germany but grouping up in a different country can really open someone's mind. Last time I was in Germany I could really attest that german TV shows, soap operas , you name it. They really suck. And most of the time , the acting is terrible. When I saw this masterpiece , I was completely blown away. The acting is superb , the plot is very interesting, even though it can get tricky to understand it at its fullest. If you love watching something that makes you think , this is definitely for you! Good I meant it. The theme is different and well executed by both on-screen and off-screen artists Even though I'm not into fiction stories, But this series totally made me reconsidering my options. Being able to have three different periods of time in one story is amazing. Cannot wait to watch the second season. Beautiful show, extremely well done. Truly masterful. However, I think they didn't spend quite enough time making us feel strongly for the characters. I wanted to root harder for people but found myself a little distracted I Have Seen Many Time Travel And Black holes and Wormholes Movies And Documentary Things But This Is Just Mind blowing
I Have Seen This In English Dubbed Version ,
As Coming To The Technical Aspects The Cinematography Is Awesome ,And The Locations The Shot Is Somewhat Scary And Interesting , And The Music Plays A Good Role<br/><br/>Finally Each And Every Actors Were Awesome<br/><br/>Thanks For Netflix For This Tv Show ..... This show is amazing! my head did not stop thinking after finish the first season! I can't wait for what's coming I normally hate movies or TV series which end with a lot of unanswered questions but with this one, I love it. Why? Because there's so much, there's a ton of things happening in each episode which became 10x interesting when I finished the finale. If season 2 hits the right note, this show will soon be considered as one of the greats.<br/><br/>I only grasped about 40% of what was happening in season 1 but still I was amazed watching every episode. Can't wait for season 2! This Show is the first German-language Netflix original. The series is set in the small isolated German town of Winden in 2019 when Children start disappearing in the same place every 33 years bringing to light dark secrets double lives and dark past of four families living there revealing a mystery that spans three generations i don't want to say much because it'll spoil the surprises.<br/><br/>The Show has a really good tone throughout the town is small everyone knows one another the skies are always overcast there is endless rain the characters are all interesting and complex everyone has a story to tell or a secret to hide.<br/><br/>Great Cinematography with lots of interesting and unique shots it also has a great soundtrack too really setting the tone for scenes with deep foreboding electronic musical notes.<br/><br/>this show is dubbed in English don't watch the dub do yourself a favor and watch it in the original German audio the cast is amazing. Great show will definitely be watching season 2 when it releases. 8 / 10 The making was one of the best...good timing of music...perfectly story telling...The weather was great like as it's story and name...
Ovarall its a good methodical and well decorated masterpiece.... Thrilling,suspensive, chilling horror,splendid background score Dark is a masterpiece. The plot, the characters, how the director can find people that look the same to other people, the atmosphere, the soundtrack, all in Dark is perfect. Have a lot of drama, romance and suspense to have you in a constant thinking. It so philosophical and IS THE BEST SERIE A SEEN. AND THE BEST THAT NETFLIX HAD. You should go see it. If you are reading this then you are wasting time. Watch it now! You will not be disappointed. Cinematography 10/10, Music 10/10, Storyline 10/10, Cast 10/10, Overall score 10/10<br/><br/>One of the greatest shows of all time! Genius writing, everything makes sense and connects together. The music and the way this whole masterpiece is filmed makes it even better. Also a very important thing to mention is the cast: Ive never seen a better cast than in Dark. I dont want to spoil anything, just watch, you´ll see what i mean.<br/><br/>Oh and btw, seeing this show as a person who speaks German makes it even better! In short: Based in the town of Winden, Germany (a real town, but fictional in this case...more on that in a minute), a child goes missing, then another, then another. A dead boy suddenly appears, partially buried in the forest, but not one of the missing. Birds are falling from the sky, almost at random, dead before they hit the ground. Electrical disturbances, strange sightings, sheep falling dead in their pasture with blown-out eardrums...all of this seems familiar. Deja-vu perhaps, or caused by the nuclear power plant? Maybe something supernatural? Many are convinced the plant is responsible.<br/><br/>The first few episodes of Netflix 's original series from Germany begin to build the characters, a little bit about each as the story moves along. The narrative will become clear soon enough. To build something great, it takes time. Give this series two episodes to build the suspense, it will be well worth it.<br/><br/>Some people compare "Dark" to "Stranger Things." I wouldn't go too far with that opinion. Part of the story happens in 1986, but also in two other time periods. Comparing the two shows would do neither justice. If you need to compare, they are both great. That's it.<br/><br/>Unlike "Stranger Things'" Hawkins, Indiana, Winden is a real town. However, according to series director Baran bo Odar and writer Jantje Friese, "Dark's" Winden is a mashup of the small German towns that they grew up in around the time of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.<br/><br/>TWO things you'll LIKE about Dark: 1) This is a complex show with a lot going on, pay attention because the characters are intricate, full of emotion, and every little thing they do affects everything and everyone else around them; 2) It's binge-worthy and you can probably watch the whole first season over a weekend (10 episodes, roughly 50-minutes each).<br/><br/>TWO things you'll DISLIKE: 1) The English dubbing is horrible. Watch the original German version with subtitles if you can. If you don't care about poor English dubbing (voices that really don't suit the actor or character, and poor inflection), then by all means watch it. With the subtitled version, you may need to watch it twice to catch the things you missed (visually) while reading the subtitles. 2) If you're not used to foreign made productions, "Dark" may seem a little "off", if not unorthodox, and thus of no interest to you. (However, this is the exact reason why many enjoy foreign made movies and TV shows. It's different.)<br/><br/>It's twisted. It's creepy. It's scary. It's awesome. It's genius. It's haunting. It's mind-blowing. It's DARK. <ul><li>Mysterious devices without a solid explanation</li><li>Enigmatic caves filled with radioactive barrels</li><li>Flashbacks and fastforwards dressed as time travels</li><li>People are more connected than they think</li><li>A mysterious nuclear industry</li><li>At the end of the season, the bad aren't so bad and the good aren't so good</li><li>Pretentious titles for the chapters</li><li>The eternal dicotomy of god and science</li><li>Unsolid explanations about metaphisics or quantics</li><li>The sense that anything isn't being solved as should be</li><li>Mysterious characters that at the end doesn't have a reason to be so mysterious</li><li>Mysterious deaths</li><li>Mystery music</li><li>A tremendous cliffhanger at the end of the season</li></ul><br/><br/>If you don't know what this series is, you're sooo lost. If Netflix ever were a Football Club, they would easily annihilate every single one of their opponents and would owe that all to their ridiculously good scouting network. The gems they unearth and produce around the globe is truly awe inspiring. It was only logical that I followed up Bright with Dark. Dark , for me, is the best ever mystery series to deal with time warp and the paranormal/supernatural. It obviously has to be if you end up binge-watching a series till 6 in the morning. Yet, the Season conclusion left me with more questions than answers (I hate it when the makers do that). We would have probably paused a hundred times in between all that to discuss and digest what we had just seen. Blink and you miss something significant.<br/><br/>The series begins with the Einstein quote 'The distinction between past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion' and from then its all an illusion. The story surrounds the disappearance of young kids (too many of them these days - The Five , Broadchurch, Stranger Things. et all ) from a German town Winden and a young father commits suicide leaving his son Jonas Kahnwald with no answers. Ulrich Nielsen, the cop father of the young boy Mikel who goes missing, Charlotte Doppler the police chief & Hannah Kahnwald, the wife of the 'young father' form the crux of the story which spans over 3 periods - 2019, 1986 and 1953. This is pretty much all that I could give in summary without going into any of the spoilers and this is where i leave it.<br/><br/>Everything from the direction, cinematography, locations, BGM, story and characters are all top notch. The makers Baran bo Odar, and Jantje Friese takes you along on a ride that you wish never ended and at the same time gave you at least some of the answers to the million questions that formed in your head while watching the series. To summarize, it's a masterpiece from Germany and if you can look beyond the obvious flaws of a some of the dialogues that were lost in translation, while dubbing and the ridiculously irritating open-ended season conclusion, you are in for a thrilling experience. I am again and again surprised that our german filmmakers manage to produce something good every now and then. This is one of those occasions.
I watched all episodes in one day / one sitting because i got hooked from episode 1. I dont want to write more because you should not know much before watching this show. I will now go and search for fantheories and explanations, that should be enough to water your mouth. I hate when people really say that "It's better than Stranger Things" blah, blah, blah. I really hate when they compare a 2 good shows even tho the concept is almost the same. If they are the same concept, Why this one is good too? Doesn't make any sense to me.<br/><br/>About the show;
If you watched the Stranger Things you will be familiar with the aura of the show and there are some scenes that are predictable ( at least for me, I noticed it. I don't know if you guys will. ), There is no comedy here obviously, but there is some lines that I find hilarious. These 2 shows are nowhere to be compared, because both are good even tho almost the same concept.<br/><br/>My review;
This show is good but it had some flaws, I didn't rate it perfect 10 because I was expecting something at the end which I got disappointed, but I guess history repeats itself, right? I'm guessing there will be another season, but I kinda hate it that it just repeated that for me it wasted my time watching it because I was expecting at least something will change at the end. This show could've ended in this 1st season but I guess they wanted to extend the story which is cool for me, You will be confused on few episodes, but you will be mind blown after revealing something. I am gladly to review this show because it is good, I know I sound contradicting on what I said but I didn't say anything bad about the show, I was just expecting something because it could've ended the whole plot on this season and I wasn't expecting any more of it. For me it was enough already. I recommend this show. I'll spoil you a little bit that there is no good ending or bad ending. This one has less action scenes, more drama but intense. 1-3 CGI scenes, if you want to know. This one got me questioned what if time travel exist? Don't you wanna change your past to fix the present? or it will just end worse because actions have consequences? You'll have to see for yourself. Oui, we can speak in German, because we don't have this masterpiece for a show level in France, talking about SF style. The actors, the drama, the plot, the tech, all ist gut ! And more, just jump in it, even if the good story is about aged people, the teenagers are not what or who you think they should be, and that is really exciting. Not 10, though, because, well because what if 1921 travel was really effective then somebody could have been fixing a bit of the beginning of something in Germany, non ? Well that's maybe to Tarantinesque.. I've only watched season one. This is to me, the best thing Netflix has done. An absolute masterpiece with no unnecessary prolonged gay sex scenes or anything that plagues most modern series. Heavily reccomend. I watched all episodes in one day:))
I can't stop watching.. Dark is an increasingly paced series that builds up great tension during its first season. The flaws in the otherwise precisely sophisticated story - the not solved pieces of the puzzle - are outdone by its artful dark picture as well as the outstanding sound design that contributes to the mysterious feeling of the series. As everyone knows a while ago that circulates a new drug series are. They are of all kinds. This is one of the dangerous and addictive ones that you can not stop until you finish it. This German series has a bit of everything and about QUALITY. Not only a resemblance to the great Stranger Things, but something to return to the future, Kubrick and more. Great photography and atmosphere. The eighty present (not as much as ST). The music reflects the previous ones with unforgettable themes and the addition of other strangers, which will stay in your head instantly as is the theme of presentation. Also the musical setting is done impeccably accompanying each situation, leaving us glued to the screen. The filmmakers see that they know that browsing through time can confuse viewers, with the characters, so they divide the screen from time to time and show them with different aspects according to the year. The only thing I regret is not seeing it in its original language (I do not know if this is possible) which would add the missing ingredient to this little gem. Excelente serie! Su final te dejas con mas dudas que aclaraciones! Urge segunda temporada!!! Beautiful photography and acting.
The location for this is breathtaking and terrifying at the same time, I loved the way this feels like a horror story but nothing REALLY scary happens. 
It also made me think about how we live and what would it be like if this was real. Anyways can't wait for season 2 I had high expectations on this one, since I've read that it's ideal for Twin Peaks and Stranger Things fans, but I hated it! As its name, it's totally dark. Dark photography, dark atmosphere, gloomy, catatonic! These are the feelings - not in a good way though! I'm wondering if there was even one smile in the whole series. All the characters are troubled and way too dark. Twin Peaks was a dark series, as well, but with really funny and interesting moments, so how could anyone compare those two? Boring as hell and pointless. Do not waste your time! Seriously! Best show on this planet. Period.
Everything is so well planned. I binged the whole show when it first came out, and rewatched season 1 when season 2 was airing. Then watched season 2 two times. When season three is coming put i will watch from the beginning again. Love IT. Mind blowing story, music, cast, direction and amazing cinematography.. an absolute time thriller It is an absolute german masterpiece
Very smart idea
The acting is awesome
And the sound track was epic even the opening song so deep
Totally recommand it ... i think it deserves at least 9.5/10 I've never wrote a review for a show before, so that should tell you something! Expected a solid show going in, but was completely unprepared for how good it actually is. I was hooked from the first episode and binge watched both seasons over a weekend. I'm somewhat of a tv/movie snob so I'm rarely impressed by most shows. I don't want to give anything away so I'll just say give this show a chance and you won't regret it! I'm recommending it to all my friends! Each episode has to be watched several times to pick up every nuance and to understand the links and the depths of the characters.
I love the 1953 scenes and the costumes.
Claudia walking through timezones in her 1980s business attire carrying the time machine in her suitcase is iconic.
Some bits bore me, (i groan when we go to the post apocalyptic future we've been there in so many movies, or the sic mundus gentlemens club, the priest bores me, old Claudia bores me.)
Also as with all shows we still have stupid people doing stupid things. Unfortunately there is still a lot of that. (kids travel briefly to 1980s but are found later hanging around the railway tracks bored....really???) It is a source constant exasperation for me that no one I know wants to watch this show because of it not being in their native English tongue. It really is such a shame because this show is just completely in a league of its own.<br/><br/>Absolutely stunning in every respect; cinematography, score, acting (especially the actors who play Jonas and Katharina - who are sensational), direction but most of all - writing! The story is just so incredibly layered, complex, mature and utterly enthralling. I could not recommend this show enough - the best thing in on Netflix BY FAR.<br/><br/>Put up with subtitles and watch it!! You won't regret it. I have no words, i was reluctant to start.. But after the 1st episode it sucked me right in. Amasing acting, amazing production, amazing soundrack.. Amazing! Dark is my new TOP series, it even surpassed my favourite movies.<br/><br/>I want to go back in time and start it all over again, in a cycle that has to Everything about this show just hits me on such a different level than anything I've ever watched before. I'm not the kind of person to be entranced by a show, or to even want to rewatch one after finishing. But this show has completely caught me off guard. The story, the casting, the acting, the twists and turns, the utter emotion you feel for these characters, the music (absolutely incredible), and the way it just keeps surprising you, and giving you the same feeling you had when you first realized how great it was. I am completely and utterly at this shows mercy, it is possibly my favorite show of all time and it's not even done. Just like the plot, which may seem complicated, the elements of the show seem to intertwine so perfectly that "masterful" is the only word that comes to mind when I think of it. Everything just flows so perfectly in each scene. The music is done so well, and just makes it so much better. The acting is borderline flawless. I haven't seen this level of performance in a very long time, and not just from one actor, but all of them. The story is unique, it's completely original, and is going to tell a full story. They aren't going to drag this on, or keep making seasons trying to recapture what they had before, they are ending it after season 3, and I think the best shows ever made do this (a la Breaking Bad).<br/><br/>Yes, it is in German. And yes, you have to watch it in German if you want the real experience. The dub is not that great, and you miss out on some translations. As somebody who has a hard time keeping track with subbed shows I can personally attest that this one is worth the trouble. If you don't mind subtitles, then you're gonna be just fine. This show is worth every minute you take to watch it, think about it, and obsess with after watching.<br/><br/>If I could give this show an 11/10, I would. Go watch Dark. One of the best TV Shows I've watched ever since I watch TV Shows This series is outstanding. Complicated, you cant be on ya phone at the same time... The actors similarities across the various times is uncanny... I'm in the UK yes its dubbed but once u get passed that it's just glorious... Final ep Season 2 - OMG. I've neither ever nor never watched a show like this.What a show man!The German are absolutely genius.This show has taken sci-fi, mystery drama to a totally new horizon.Besides the plot,the environment and the surrounding were truelly amazing.Actually,Dark is a complete package that people like me wanna watch again and agian. Its a very rare thing that I dont understand 100% whats going on in a complex movie which does bugs me to rewatch from season1 when I have time<br/><br/>it seems very clever und complex<br/><br/>usually I dislike timetravel stuff as its by definition stupid because no matter what happens it can be undone or changed in the past or future so who cares but this one seems different This show is really really good. It's like Stranger Things except completely different. Watching Dark with subtitles is much better. Just be prepared to pay attention, and maybe rewind if necessary. It's worth every second. This is the first time i watched a German tv-series and I'm greatful that i did watched, otherwise i would never know the concept of the Past, Present and the Future in a Dark way. great performances by actors and actresses as well as brilliantly Directed and the story is told just the way it should. 
This truly deserve 10/10 This show fits well into the wave of skaninoir series out there, but at the same time is well separated from them by it's - for lack of a better expression - germanness.<br/><br/>I am baffled that some people would seek parallels to a show such as Stranger Things. These two shows have nothing to do with each other. Maybe because also Stranger Things is a tale of adventure in the face of the overwhelming industrial behemoth that rips our reality apart. <br/><br/>But other than that, Dark's strong point and fokus is really the bitterness of the human condition, particularly in a small town. It shows wonderfully, how grudges are carried over generations and how nothing that we ever do is ever a standalone action.<br/><br/>Some of the bad reviews call out the amateurish acting. I suggest turning off the translation and listening to the original with subtitles. Also, here is a fenomenon that I have been very happy to notice over the last few years: as more and more series are shown in their original format, we realise just how much we have become used to the anglo-saxon stereotype of acting. Other culture, countries have different ways of expressing and acting and that is just a wonderful thing that our times have brought us (I think of the original "Humans", in contrast to the much inferior english version; I am also thinking of the superb "Suburra", so rich in its italian subtleties). <br/><br/>Well done overall. Loved it. Best Show on netflix hand down.
as much as i like stranger things.. but this show is another level.<br/><br/>keeps you on the edge of your seat. It is tense.<br/><br/>10/10 I really wanted the series to succeed in getting folks out there thinking and Googling for answers, parallels, sources, theories; listening to podcasts and interviews with scientists But hey, did you even read any time travel book to which you refer now and again?! To make sure your series are not just pretentious pseudo-scientific crap, try to reach out to your viewers' logic. I give this show five stars instead of just two for the stellar performances of actors that really hooks you on to the parable, and makes you stay with it till the end. Oh, and, dear Director and his helpers: NEVER EVER use post-Apocalyptic reality as a way out of the dead alley. Sometimes it seemed like a waste of time, but I still look forward to the new season if only just for the sake of seeing Jonas coming out of the whale's belly and kick Noah's crazy ass. Mix "Donnie Darko", "Lost" and "Magnolia". Subtract depth, charm, mystery. Overdo annoying music/sounddesign: Voila! Enjoy! And out of the triple stages of darkness came light...so was it the chicken or the egg that came first??? Such thoughts are but a few of the many mysteries explored in this German sci-fi series. High fives, fist pumps, jumping jacks, somersaults, curtsey, chest-bumps or whatever the similar goes to NETFLIX for taking up this masterful piece of film-work and storytelling by creators, B' bo Odar & Friese. This is one of the most brilliant, mind-bending, thought provoking shows of all time. Germany has truly raised the bar with this series. Thankfully, the intelligence and steadfast attention to detail, realism and intricate writing of the creators, including primary writers: Schalk, MO Seng and Behnke, this series shines with the likes of other sci-fi bogglers such as, S. Carruth's, "PRIMER" of 2004. Also the overlooked genius of the Spierig twins film, "Predestination" in 2014, least I mention the fascinating primetime US series, "LOST", which ran six seasons on ABC. Yet, I am compelled to say, in my humble opinion, "DARK" ironically might just outshine them all. <br/><br/>It is fair to say that the evolvement of time travel based film should be more extravagant. And while "DARK" has only filmed its first season, the creators appear to be winning for ambitious endeavor. Thus, while I do not know of all the nominees for the "Golden Kamera", I say let "Dark" take home the honors. The "Grimme Preis" is said to be more of a prestigious award but what the hell, who has matched this writing in German TV. As we say in one of the esoteric schools of thought, I've studies, "do the knowledge"! Dark displays a great deal of light while using a shaded lens, mixed with gray days and steady rain, giving it more of an illusion and mystique. Again, brilliance. It is not heavy on cliff hanger, as some might think, the thread is the continuum of "Ariadne", nudging you to want to know truth, but not necessarily the answer. I cannot say enough about a story that has no beginning, no ending. I can only say that my mind will run wild with thought in waiting for a story to continue out of the past, into the future, which will then be the past, masked as the present. The power of three...and can anyone decipher why in the hell is this show called, "DARK". Is it because (1) we are all asleep, as in the dark age or (2) it is a reference to the black hole, through which one never returns or (3) is it a reference to the fourth dimension??? GO NETFLIX!!! Excellent....too good..emphasizing,dark.The BG score, the retro 80's treatment and pop songs are strong reminiscent of Stranger Things and watching a German show depending solely on the English subtutles, first made me cringe if I should go on with it.
But at the end of E1, I wanted to check out E2 just to get a hint of things and then E3, until I realised that I am actually binging on the series.
Yes, its that good and for sci-fi lover Such a great serie, with such an interesting and intricate plot, that isn't very common. I watched the first episode by a coincidence in belief that it was something else and got totally stuck directly. There is absolutely something with the german way of making series and movies that is special and this is not and exception. <br/><br/>Really great and if you like a little fantasy that doesn't take over in your series this is really the perfect one, sad that one has to wait so long for the next season. It was absolutely the best Netflix series that I have seen and expect nothing less from the next season. Very prolific, intelligent and thought provoking story with time travel being the main theme. If you have any interest in time travel this is a must watch.<br/><br/>Oh, watch it German with subtitles, not English. I won't even go into that whole ordeal, but trust me. I can not agree at all with the comparison to Stranger Things. This is a dark german series about brutal crime and time travel, ST is a very American show with likeable characters, humor, nostalgia and a great amount of CGI. The only thing they have in common is the supernatural element but it is not the same element. <br/><br/>It might be a little slow at first, but it becomes more and more intriguing and you can't wait to see what happens next. Very dark and an original approach to time travelling that I haven't seen before. <br/><br/>If anything, I think the series is partly inspired by Scandinavian crime series, like "The Bridge". This is especially apparent in their names, many of them have Danish sounding names and surnames like Mikkel Nielsen. It's also dark, grey and gritty in the same way. <br/><br/>I think the acting is good, and I think anyone who watches the series dubbed can not fully review the acting. Voice overs outside of cartoons are just terrible in general, it is always much better to just watch it with subtitles.<br/><br/>If I were to say something negative about the show, it would be that there are too many characters, I found myself pausing quite often to try and remember who was who. Can't wait for the next season though! You need to watch it in original with subtitles
Besides that, i have no complains. Everyone did a pretty good job!
You feel confusion, sense of darkness, introversion...
I hope to see more like this in the future Best of the best .you must watch it .every character is owesome .and even a single conversation is mind blowing. I persevered with the dubbed voiceover and loved it I'm not the kind of person who writes a review after watching a movie/tv show, but this tv show has forced me to do it. I don't want to say anything about it, judge it by yourself, but in my opinion I doubt I would ever see another masterpiece as Dark is. This show is just amazing, uses just the right amount of characters and happenings so we can keep up with it but still blows our mind with every episode. I feel lucky I found it only now with 2 seasons already out (took me 3 days to binge) can't wait the new one. This show is the best thing that ever happened to Netflix, at least that is what I feel. It is the most engaging show I have ever come across, be it any genre. It has an absolutely brilliant screenplay and the character development throughout the series is amazing.
The series in itself is mind bending and one won't have a single full moment throughout the whole thing. It just gets better with each and every episode.
It is absolutely worth watching. It was one of the most amazing tv shows I've ever watched! No one has ever made something this much thrilling about parallel world and dimensions! The standards are really high!
Well done! Hope to see more shows like this! This show is not like any other show you've watched, now I understand why they take so long to get a season on board. This show has changed my perception towards life, I was different before this show. I just wanna share a quote with y'all.
"Man is a strange creature. All his actions are motivated by desire, his character forged by pain. As much as he may try to suppress that pain, to repress the desire, he cannot free himself from the eternal servitude to his feelings. For as long as the storm rages within him, he cannot find peace. Not in life, not in death. And so he will do what he must, day in, day out. The pain is his vessel, desire his compass. It is all that man is capable of."
Do watch it.. worth every minute of your time. :) I took more than 2 weeks to complete both seasons because I didn't wanted to finish such a brilliant tv series in just 2,3 days,The intensity,the madness,the goosebumps it gives can't be matched. After the juggernaut that is Stranger Things season 2 Netflix dropped in October of 2017, everyone binge-watched it within 24 hours, looked around in a daze, and wondered out-loud, what do I watch next?<br/><br/>One of the recommendations I heard repeated multiple times is the German language thriller, Dark. All I knew is that there were missing children, kids on bikes, monolithic power plants, and creepy vibes. I began to watch the show, muddling my way through it at first, but fell deeply into the storytelling. I am currently re-watching the first season, as season 2 is scheduled to drop in June 2019.<br/><br/>Here's a snapshot. Our story takes place in a fictional small town of Winden, somewhere in Germany. The town is in a tizzy because there is a teenage boy missing, Erik Obendorf. The police have been unable to solve the crime, and so everyone is understandably upset and on high-alert. We also learn that another boy went missing under similar circumstances back in 1986. A group of kids all meet at school and plan a crazy high school kid stunt they will do that night while all their parents are at an emergency meeting about the missing boy. There are six kids who meet at the creepy cavern in the dark at night. By the end of the night, one of those kids will also go missing. So there's a mystery: where is Erik and where is the other missing boy?<br/><br/>By the end of episode 1, we will become aware of quite a bit of drama involving this group of kids and their parents, but at the same time, the story ends up expanding, and we learn it's not just a story of these kids and this incident, but it's the story of four families in one town, whose lives are intertwined in ways none of them fully realize. These families, this town, they are cursed, locked in a puzzle that changes as we go along. The mystery we try to solve isn't the mystery at all -- it's just one part of a bigger puzzle.<br/><br/>In the end, we will visit three different time periods of Winden during season 1. Season 2 may include even more. What makes this story so good?
It's intricately-plotted -- there are multiple parts and pieces to the story and it's challenging to keep track of.
It features a large of cast of complex and flawed characters, most of whom will surprise us by the end of the show.
The acting is superb (just don't watch it with the English dubs).
It has a killer soundtrack.
The title credits alone are a work of art.
It's very difficult to define, with a few exceptions, who are the good guys or the bad guys.
I found it very tricky to keep track of the web of characters; luckily someone brilliant created a flowchart, which I have stuck to my fridge. There are a few others you can find, but this one is my favorite. You may want to wait to look at the chart until after you have watched most of the show.<br/><br/>I won't lie to you, it's a not a perfect match to Stranger Things. This show is much darker and has none of the funny quirkiness of Stranger Things. Because part of the story takes place in the 80s, it does have some nostalgia in the clothes and music on display. It's more of a match in tone to Twin Peaks, however. With true evil on full display -- not the paranormal kind, but the kind that originates inside the most depraved kind of human.<br/><br/>I watch this show during a dark period of my life, right after the death of my older sister. It would be fair to say it was a great fit. The show centers on families dealing with gut-wrenching grief and loss and the utter hopelessness of being able to do nothing to resolve that pain. It was healing to be able to watch this show. As I'm watching it the second time, I'm in a different season, and it's still great television. I highly recommend it, if you enjoy dark and twisty thrillers that become ever more surprising as you go along. Seriously it should rated highest of all series all movie,it deserves all the award in this world best series of all time,best,best ,I don't know any other words to describe this ,just mind-blowing, mind blowing ,oh my god I can't wait to watch season 3,it is the masterpiece of sci-fi of all time, all movies,all world , really, I'm a sci-fi lover ,i watch all sci-fi movies and series and this is best top 1st of all that,best awesome mind blowing masterpiece of all time, The most twisted storyline and relationship I have ever seen in series.
The cast is perfect.
Watch it before spoilers get to you! This show does basically everything right - it's a true cinematic masterpiece. Dark, haunting, emotional, unpredictable and mind-blowing. There's no lazy storytelling. It's certainly not predictable. It handles the genre better than any I've seen. Everything was well thought out, the plot line, soundtrack, character cast, acting, lightning/effects, it's all so cohesive and draws you into the world that it slowly unfolds. 100% my new favorite sci-fi probably of all time.
Also - watch it in the original German - it's where the acting really shines, and deserves to be seen in it's original form!<br/><br/>11/10 I really dont have words to explain, absolutely marvellous, magnificent, entertaining, intriguing, suspenseful, mystery, thriller, everything. So full credits to whole crew of Dark, welldone. To everyone rating it less than 10, forget you ever watched it bcoz you really didn't. GOT is simple drama against this. And no, i'm not at all being too much of a fan. This show is pure gem.
To anyone and everyone involved in the making of this show, first of all Hats Off!! Secondly, take all the time you need but please don't mess up Season 3.
I've never written review for a tv show before. Anyone who's looking for sci-fi, please dont start any other before this! Watching DARK through the dubbed version would really be a waste. You almost skip everything beautiful of this show: Camera movement, the atmosphere built by background music, and all the Easter eggs they put in every tiny piece. Usually I dislike the German language, don't exactly know why. But in this series it fits. What a great story this is. A must see. And not synchronized in English, but the original sound. Creeps under the skin. This is arguably the best time travel story I have seen done on the small or even big screen. The story is extremely complex but presented to us in a suitable way which makes sure that we know what is going on at all time without making us feel coddled in any way. The characters and the surroundings are beautifully done and all come across as great. This is a series that you HAVE to watch, if you are even a tiny bit interested in Sci-Fi. (And sidenote, watch the german sub than the english one, its much better and definitely worth having to read the subtitles for). I was looking for a show to get into, now that Mr. Robot has ended. I've seen a lot of shows. Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, The Sopranos, The Wire, Mad Men, Mr. Robot, Six Feet Under, Boardwalk Empire, Peaky Blinders, but Dark has got to be one of the best shows I've ever seen. What's worse is that this show doesn't get enough love and appreciation it deserves.<br/><br/>The plot and storytelling is intriguing. The characters are complex, the acting is amazing. The Cinematography, colour palette and editing is amazing. The sound designs are compelling. The ominous music and the soundtrack is incredible. It's probably<br/><br/>Season 2 is better than Season 1 and this show is an underappreciated gem. An underrated masterpiece. I've watched it twice, and about to for a third time. I wish more people I knew watched it, so I could have someone to discuss the show with. Can't wait for Season 3! When you watch season 1 you are like oh that's cool and that's really good and you get a bit confused but in the second season it's puts everything together in ways you don't expect. Everything is tied together. This show is great for binge watching I watched it in 3ish days and now I have to wait for season 3 for my head to get even more blown. Dark is not an easy serie to follow: there are many characters and different timelines. Sometimes you need to stop a little bit and connect all the dots. I will be honest: I had to check on the internet all the different connection between different characters, especially while I was watching the second season. I think that writers complicated things unnecessarily. You really need to focus. I usually watch TV shows because I like the storyline, but it is also a way for me to relax, after a workday. With this show, I had to be completely rested, in order to fully understand the plot, so I needed to rewatch the first episode during the weekend to fully understand what was going on.<br/><br/>Beside this aspect, I think that Dark has a brilliant plot, plenty of unexpected twists and interesting characters. I found the acting amazing (I have watched it in german with english subtitles). Who ever thought that german actors could be so good! Being a fan of science fiction stuff, parallel universes and timelines, I really enjoyed how writers developed the story.<br/><br/>The editing was always on point and especially in the second season was really well made, because you always understand which timeline you are watching: the color grading changes for every single one. A smart decision from creators to make you understand the complicated plot. What I really appreciated was the CGI. The effects that you see are not very original, who likes the Sci Fi genre, will have a deja vu sensation, but at least were well made (luckily), and I have enjoyed them.<br/><br/>A lot of people compared this show to Stranger Things. Except for the parallel universe theory that is present in both serie, there is not so much in common, but I personally prefer Dark, I see that there are way much more development possibilities, and in general the story is more intriguing and mysterious. ST has a more "basic" plot, so it is more viewer friendly. Dark is not a show for everyone, you will find yourself lost sometimes and to understand everything properly you probably need to watch it more than once. It's hard to review Dark as it's quite unique. At first it's a story about small town where everyone have it's own secrets shaken by recent murders. But it quickly ads supernatural angle and slowly unfolds the mystery that goes back to the beggining of the town. Acting and atmosphere is superb. One warning this series must be watched carefully to grasp whats happening. Do yourself a favor. Remember the names. It does get confusing. Write them down, you'll be happy you did. The pieces do fall into place as you watch the episodes... over time lol<br/><br/>Also! Don't read up on the show. You'll spoil it!!! Just watch it! It's genre seems like stranger things but it completely different from that cause it's more intense and there is no joking around it so deep,,,, it's just like the actual theory of bootstrap paradox Wow wow wowww it wasss mind blowing and . Top sci fi series I watched my. Enntire life every one definitely watch thissss don't misss this series Awesome , creative story and have a fantastic suspense .. i recommend this to all Dark is phenomenal time travel story but also a great drama and philosophical show. If I could describe the two main conflicts in Dark it would be:The war against time and fate, and the battle against the evil within the main characters. The first conflict was the main theme in season 1 and is represented even better in season 2, the second conflict is the main theme of season 2. Without giving any spoilers, I will say a couple of things abut this two conflicts. In Dark, the past can be influenced by the future and because of this, we can clearly see some time paradoxes or "never ending cycles" in the show, events that have no clear beginning or ending, were the rules of cause and effect cannot explain really what is going on. Remember the old saying of "what came first, the chicken or the egg?", well that old saying is perfectly represented in this show. I am still not sure if the characters are truly slaves to time or fate, season 3 will probably answer that, but for the moment I can safely say that this show has some of the best examples of time paradoxes in all of fiction.<br/><br/>Now, went it comes to the second conflict, the second season of Dark revealed many events that makes us question what some of the characters truly are, what they want and the role that they might play latter on. In a way, the characters are also fighting the darkness within themselves, a darkness that is not only a inner concept, but an actual physical thing that could harm other people or eventually turn any character into the very same thing that they are trying to stop. Like Nietzsche once said, "if you look at the abyss, the abyss stares back at you". Some of the characters already looked at the abyss and there might be nothing they can do to stop the abyss from staring back at them.<br/><br/>Season 1 was a great introduction to this world and way of storytelling, season 2 was a masterpiece that gave great deep to the development of almost every character. If season 3 keeps the pace or even manage to surpass season 2, this could become one of the few masterpieces in tv history.<br/><br/>Thank you Netflix and thank you germans for this incredible show. Dark is the absolute top. While you can compare it to series like Twin Peaks, X-files or stranger things, there is in fact nothing it can compare to.
The story, the acting, the cast when young and old, it is all superb.<br/><br/>Normal TV series usually start great for 1 or 2 episodes and then go into easy mode till the last episode where something happens for the next season.
So not Dark : each episode you want to watch fully. And in fact you want to re-watch. It is like a page turner : you want to read and turn the next page each time till the end.
With normal TV i usually use my mobile while watching boring pieces. Some TV i even wonder why i watch it. But not this : it keeps your attention from the begin till the end.
I was afraid that season 2 would be a deception. But i watched 5 episodes now and it is as good or better? than season 1. And i learned there will be a season 3. Yes, that made my day and i am confident that it will be as good as season 1 and 2.
A lot of effort has been done to make the characters look good in the varies stages of their live. Never seen it that good before.
When i am ready with season 2, i will re-watch season 1. And that is something i never done before.
When i was a billionaire i would order 10 seasons of Dark :-)
I watched the German spoken version. I prefer that over the English synced version.
I do not want to give spoilers but when you like SF, time travel and a rock solid story and acting, this is the one to watch ! Its a must see series, there is no doubt in that. Clever, well written, good actors, great choice of songs... However, the slow pace with the melodrama can sometimes become too much, especially that the rhythm is the same in all episodes. Long silences, dramatic dialogues, eyes gazing to the beyond, a song by the end of each episode... Moreover it became quite clear at the end of Season 2 that by trying to avoid what happened in the past, they actually discover that they are part of the reason it occurred. We feel we are just watching a loop with no chance of anything changing... Despite everything, it's still a great series, writers seem to know where they are heading, with just pace and rythme issues that could change in certain episodes. I watch a lot of anime, so the English dub of the show doesn't matter to me. If the story arc is good, it doesn't matter to me if it is dubbed or subtitled. This is a good story. A little slow at first, but good when things start happening and we see the connections between the families of a small town. I live in a small town, so I can relate. There are multiple elementary schools, 2 middle and one high school in my town, not counting the Christian schools and it seems like everyone knows everyone in some way or some connection. The characters are so connected in this show that one needs to keep track of who marries whom to know who does what in the story and their place in it. I have tried watching Stranger Things and did not care for it at all. YES it is similar to ST BUT they should not be compared as they are each great in their own way. Everything In this show is superb and it's a must watch. For me this and ST are 2 best original things Netflix have ever put out. It is dense, and occasionally slow, with a convoluted plot but the acting, cinematography and script make it an engaging slice of German SF. TBH it is a dysfunctional family drama with Science Fiction mixed in but it is both fairly original and does make you think. There are tons of reviews of Dark already so I am only going to say why isn't it a 10/10 for me.<br/><br/>-So many unanswered question. I really dislike and find it very cheap when series like this leave the viewer without answers. 10 hours of episodes and basically no progress in the storyline. The only thing we know is everything is connected. But how? Guess we'll find out in season 9<br/><br/>-the creepy, mysterious music/sound effects. THEY ARE EXTREMELY OVERUSED. You can hear them in the most inappropiate moments, sometimes I felt like it is some kind of mistake. This is inte of the best show i ever seen. It always makes you want to watch another episode Coming along with 'Babylon in Berlin', this serial is a superb example of how the genres of science fiction,thriller,horror,etc can be expertly combined in a whole lot of theory that makes it believabale !
This is a dark,stark but expertly written,directed and photographed serial which deserves its next season! 
Bravo! I think it's one of the best mystery shows, that are currently running. As I watched it just a couple days after it was released, I couldn't stop. Watched it through a free weekend and had so much fun guessing where things could end up. Everything you could say to discribe the story could be a possible spoiler.<br/><br/>The atmosphere is great too. A little town, where it's always raining (reminds me of IT) and an absolutely stunning soundtrack made it a sentimental watch.<br/><br/>Only the complexity of all the characters and their connections to each other made it a little hard to watch, so binge watch it! That's the solution! The first episode gave me a stranger things vibe so I thought it was the German version or something,and boy was I wrong! It keeps you intrigued and guessing,very unpredictable and whoever was in charge of casting did an amazing job with picking the actors. Can't wait for season 2. Awaome show and well Done writing and ancting, Now i need to wait to the next season :( This is a must watch show! It can get difficult to keep up but rewatch it. Best series on Netflix yet! It is dubbed over German but it's still amazing story. I was a little sceptical about it when i first started watching but there was something about it that made me want to keep watching. It is a little hard to get into with the episode being an hour long each but once you make it past the the 2nd episode at the very most, you cant stop watching. with every episode more and more gets revealed and when it does your mind just goes crazy when you figure out Mikkel/Michael is Jonas' father you can't help but imagine how everybody is related. I admit it is quite hard to follow their family tree i even had to review their wiki just so i could understand it. <br/><br/>Dark is a must see for anyone who enjoys mystery, thrillers or sci-fi shows i gave it 9/10 stars Everything just gels in this fantastic German series. From the beautiful and hypnotic opening title screen paired with the absolutely lovely main musical composition, I knew I was in for something genuinely crafted with passion.<br/><br/>The show is definitely dark in a noir way: it is almost completely devoid of humour. Which is fine by me--they aren't trying to force moments of awkward "comedic relief." The story itself is a cerebral mix of science, alchemy, philosophy and mythology, but done well, not heavy-handed or so incredibly dense that it disappears up its own backside a la some of the later Twin Peaks episodes. It's done in a balanced fashion. <br/><br/>The pacing is excellent. The scenes are allowed to breathe. It's not about instant gratification in a world accustomed to mass media, tweets, 10 second instagram videos, etc. I found that refreshing. Almost without fail, every single episode had a couple REALLY evocative scenes, dramatic and genuinely touching, frisson-inducing. Some of it is even operatic in nature, moving me to near tears. <br/><br/>I can't think of a single bad actor--even the children do a fantastic job. In a way I can't quite put my finger on, the actors and actresses all LOOK great, perfectly suited for their roles. They all have very interesting and attractive faces.<br/><br/>Another factor that puts Dark a cut above is the magnificent music. It's not overused, it's not cliche--it's a little different, extremely evocative and yet subtle at the same time.<br/><br/>The camera work, the scenes and locations and general mood is also just so, so well done. I am ecstatic they are making a second season. I can't wait. I hope other producers are taking notes--THIS is how it's done.<br/><br/>Wunderschön! Some people might get the impression after watching the first episode that it is similar to "Stranger Things". Yes, there are a few similarities but the two shows are different in many ways. Although if you liked Stranger things, you should probably like this too.
The show takes on one of the most interesting plot - travelling through time.
It keeps you engrossed almost throughout the show. You will get hooked to the show but the ending left me wanting for more. A few questions were left unanswered and hopefully they would cover that in Season 2(2019 probably).
It compares well to other TV shows in this genre and you should give it a try. I recommend watching this in its original language, the English dubbing is horrible I watch the first 2 episodes in English and then switch it the to German and it was a whole new experience. I will be honest, I am too impressed, and writing this review midway through the ninth episode of season 1. Lets leave the storyline, which is mesmerizing anyway ! What I liked a lot --
1. The presentation of significance or role of the characters in the whole storyline.
2. The dark spooky scenery which was an absolute must to justify the title and support the content.<br/><br/>Wish there was a word called "bestest".<br/><br/>Danke The beginning is thrilling and mysterious: Winden, a small town in Germany with small town people whose life is predefined by the surrounding nuclear power station. Everybody knows each other, nothing really dramatic have happened here since 33 years, when several young peoples got lost. And now a young boy is missing again. We get in touch with a lot of upset people - too many people for a beginning, unfortunately. We are confused. A man hangs himself up and leaves a letter, that should not be opened... ja, well, second confusion, when? I have to spool the film back. Okay, he committed suicide at the 21st of June 2019 and left the letter, that should not be opened before the 4th of November (without a year) and now we have the 4th of November 2019. It seems the series takes place around this day in the here-time.By the evening a second boy (Mikkel) disappeared, the son of the police- officer in charge. The next day a dead boy is found in the woods. It is not Mikkel but - spoiler alert - seemed to be the brother of the police officer who had disappeared 33 years ago. But he is still a child and wears the clothes of the 80tees. So far so good but meanwhile we have to emphasize with a lot of characters, which we don't and than we awake with Mikkel in the 80tees, 1986, to be precise. A time travel. And now we a really confused, because we switch times and we just don't now who is who here and what is is function and we won't know it in the end. Because, instead of clearing up things in the third act, we switch to another time backwards to 1953. A lot of people who lived there still lives now. So we just can't come close to characters, we just can't. A mysterious bad guy named Noah, is trying to develop a time machine, why? I will never know. The nuclear power station has produced a time-whole through which one can crawl into the past. How, we will not know. A Stranger (character) who will come out as one of our main characters but from the future tries to develop a time-machine too, to heal things in the present. That is understandable. But than a third person tries to develop a time-machine, the former CEO of the nuclear power station, why? we will never know... So, a lot of puzzling plotting, a lot of mysterious plotting to keep the audience thrilled, but no really character developments, a lot of unsolved problems in relationships. Fortunately the actors are great! And it still is a German series to be watched! Dark is a series that isn't that mysterious at first sight. I had the idea I had entered the horror genre, with clichés that I had no appetite for. But after continuing to watch I could not stop. After a few episodes I had seen so many weird things I just needed to know more. Dark does a very good job in giving you parts of the puzzle piece by piece. When you think you know it all, you'll find out there are more questions waiting around the corner. Everything is connected.<br/><br/>Acting is good. No stellar performances of anyone but a few. But no bad performances either. Sound is really good, matches the mystery theme very well. Camera work and decor are superb. 9.5/10 This show is amazing! The scenery, acting, and story line are all excellent. Can't wait for season two! This show is not Stranger Things. It's better! Really, the comparison stops there because the only thing in common is that they are two well-done Netflix sci-fi shows--one, ala The Goonies, the other The Sixth Sense/Stir of Echoes--so if you're looking for something more grownup, you've found it. <br/><br/>I can't wait for season two and there's plenty room for growth in Dark. One of my favorite shows of all time. Its so cool how it all connects, How they constructed it and mostly because its different from other tv shows where we see a "Hero" ,to see failure at the end of a season was just what i wanted although in the future seasons would turn out different. It was so great. Soooo exited for season 2. Cant Wait I was full of enthusiasm for Dark at first and quite enjoyed the early episodes. I liked the characters and it is well acted. Unfortunately the longer it went on the more apparent it became that the time travel plot simply did not make sense. <br/><br/>I binge watched to the end just to see if they would resolve all the contradictions and impossibilities, but these just multiplied the longer it went on. <br/><br/>I was totally prepared to accept the premise of a time warp enabling movement back and forth in time, but could not bear the stupid way that it was done. No matter what I write about this show, I cannot seem to find the right words to describe how much I adore it and how much it changed me, so I will give it a try by dividing it in different parts.
1) The Story: First of all, this show manages to incorporate many different genres, which fit together like the pieces of an intriguing puzzle. Part mistery, part psychological thriller, the show follows the drama of four German families in a small town and manages to add a secret ingredient to this suspenseful mix: time travel and elements of sci-fi which make the story climb on a whole greater level. You might think you need to keep track of all that is happening, but because everything is so captivating and no detail is there without a reason, the impact it has on the audience is completely unforgettable. It's a story about everything: good vs. evil, destiny vs. free will, without trying to make us, the audience, feel like we've been forced into a set of beliefs. It deals with philosophy and life's biggest wonders like how everything in this universe is connected. All of the story components are placed together so flawlessly, we cannot see a central message because we become the makers of that message.
2) The Characters: there is no single person who fits the definition of good or bad, they all fall between the lines and we are transported there in the gray area with them. We cannot constantly root for either of them, although we might be tempted (Jonas vs. Noah for example). The show makes us change who we support time and time again. That's because we see the background process of decision making, like a butterfly effect or the pieces of a domino. We understand their motivations, their weaknesses and strengths because we see their transformations from the moment they touched someone else's life in a meaningful way or their own lives have been touched.
3) The Cast: I have never seen such a great casting process like in Dark. Since the story follows at least three different timelines, we get to see the similarities between actors chosen to play the same character, younger or older. Ulrich is a great example for that. Not only the actors look similar but they incorporate the same gestures, attitudes and way of speaking. It makes the story even more believable.
4) The Visuals: I suggest looking for the behind the scenes videos of how Dark was created. The special effects team does such a phenomenal job, managing to add elements of sci-fi in the middle of a very realistic small town, which don't seem out of place for one second. This is the power of this show: the attention given to the details of the story makes us not feel uncomfortable when a portal to another timeline opens in an office building, for example.
5) The Atmosphere: ultimately this is what makes this show reach it's perfection status for me, the atmosphere is elegant and eerie, tormenting but comforting, like when you have been down for a while, but you are used to the darkness so you refuse to try and feel better, like there is comfort in pain.
The rainy nights, the cloudy days, the mysterious forest, the nuclear power plant which watches ominously over the small town of Winden, they all manage to pull us right there with the characters, making us believe we are a part of their journey, played by the cruel forces of destiny, bowing down to the damaging power and permanence of Time. Where it all happens over and over again. Or when it happens. The line between where and when is incredibly thin.
The German language (please watch it with the original sound) is both harsh but poetic, mysterious but sincere, brutal but beautiful. It's duality fits perfectly with the main theme of the show.
The Music is out of this world, the melancholic melodies and fast pacing rhythms have the capacity to immerse us in the story even more than the already described powerful visuals. The soundtrack is sublime, knowing exactly when to make us feel nostalgic, or scared, or on the edge of tears, either from sorrow, or from bitter sweet joy.<br/><br/>The only problem which I have regarding this show is that not more people watch it. The fact that it's in German shouldn't be a problem although I have to admit that understanding the language represents a plus, but please do not let it stands in your way of seeing this sublime masterpiece. And do not watch it dubbed, it ruins it. All in all, I tried to emphasize what makes this show such a precious jewel of cinematography, but the truth is it's so much more than that, it changed my perspective on why people might act they way they do. This story serves it's most important purpose, making you ask all the right questions, but also pushing you to realize that the answers are not the final destination. Sometimes there are no answers and the questions are the most meaningful purpose. Please do yourself a favour and don't deny yourself this extraordinary experience. This show will remain forever in your thoughts. Only thing that lets it down -<br/><br/>watched the 'dubbed' english version with subtitles. (i'm slightly hard of hearing)<br/><br/>The subtitles are annoyingly not the english translation script. They are completely different 'American English' So not always having the same meaning as the original! :(<br/><br/>Reason why i dropped it a star! One of the most impressive and engaging series I've ever seen. As I went ahead with the first episode, I found it to be a tad slow. But as it moved ahead, I was amazed by the mysterious plot that has been created. Watched entire season in a day or so. Deeper meanings, worked out characters and the best part is the beautiful interconnection of the 4 families. Concept of Einstein-Rosen bridge has been used before a lot of time in movies such as Thor and predestination. Thank you so much for making this possible for a TV show as well, Netflix!<br/><br/>Also, a freaking good show from Germany. America, don't you dare to do a re-make :P Dark is a very well done sci-fi drama series. Be prepared though, it challenges its viewers with it's endless characters list and story lines. The slow burn wasn't an issue with me at all. Really hope they do a second season. I had high hopes for this but they eventually faded. Binged watched it over the last two days. It took a few episodes but finally I knew things weren't great when I started to laugh and talk to the TV about terrible dialogue and nonsensical happenings. The best one was when the dog left 1953 and showed up in 1986. I wonder who opened the door for it. How the hell did those barrels get into the cave when it appeared as if the only entrance was by dropping down a 20 meter rope. Must have been an escalator out of there because neither of those ladies seemed to have a way to climb back up. Details, details. Trying to keep the characters from different years straight was, well, trying and I felt like I was being lectured to in many instances. Pounded over the head with information that could have been gleaned from a more intelligent script. <br/><br/>Won't be watching season 2. Life's too short. I am normally not a fan of foreign speaking series, but this is really good! If you don't like to watch brainless series and you love to analyze it, this is a must watch! It's a bit scary sometimes, but you get hooked really fast. It's the most fun when you watch with some friends so you can discuss on what will happen next, but I guarantee you fall from one surprise into the other. If it weren't for all the other good reviews I never would have given this show a chance, but after reading the reviews I thought I would give it a try as I trust my fellow IMDb reviewers :) 
Personally I love anything that has to do with time travel and while it does go back and forth between 1953, 1986 and 2019 they make it pretty easy to figure out which year it is and the fact that the characters look so close in relation to their different ages helps a ton, not to mention the few times the show will put each characters profile on the screen together so you know who is who. It also helps to go onto Wikipedia to get a good sense of the families lineage. 
Since I'm overly Americanized, I am not too familiar with German films but I have to say these actors are pretty good and I came to really love their characters......The only thing that keeps me from giving it a full 10 score is the fact that it is a German movie therefore Netflix adding the voice overs was really difficult for me. Again, if it didn't get such good scores I would never have been able to continue watching as I have a tendency to watch lips when people talk and you cannot do that in this film at all. It's terrible and sometimes the voice overs are too flat and not fully matching up with the characters reactions. My only comment is if they are going to add these films to the American line up, please do better at the voice over actors because it makes it super difficult to follow along! It is about time ,you will have million questions and there is no other way you have to find the answers
it is really interesting serial
it was inspired by "predestination movie" Please memorize the characters name.you can get help from Wikipedia.it will help you to understand the series more. If you have any love for SciFi linked with Time, then it's the best you can get.
Just speechless. This Show questions every reality. A fantastic webseries. Best show produced by Netflix ever. Dark is not just a serie, it is one of the best thing that a human can see in his entire life. It is the probe that playing with the time is a dangerous thing and how a mistake in the trama must end with it. Very great concept ðŸ‘Œ. Worth watching, very interesting in every eoisode Dark is the best series i ever see! I hope the 3 season will be blast like other two! I compare all series with Dark and neither one is soo good, not even close! Speechless.... Everything good in this one.... Perfect plots. Fantastic character. Unexpected ending. Give me season 3 right now please.... Love everything about it and only wish more shows we're like this. The question isn't WHY it the best series on Netflix, but it's WHEN people are gonna realise it?<br/><br/>Absolute masterpiece. Hope final season won't disappoint.<br/><br/>10/10. Started Dark during quarentine and I'm so glad I did! We finished the first two seasons within a week, binge watched it in German with American subtitles. The acting is great, the story line is phenomenal, the twists and plot turns keep you guessing. I'm pretty good at predicting what's next on shows and this one left me on the edge of my seat and still guessing every episode. Highly recommend if you are into sci-fi, mystery, crime and drama!! This series is full of Emotional & Sci-Fi roller-coaster,
I love how beautifully and smartly both the aspects have been implemented in this mind boggling series. If thereÂ´s something better than this, first I DonÂ´t believe it, then I want to whacht it, never seen something like this before... This show is the most gripping thing I've seen in years! It's so perfectly written and truly captivating! This is hands down the best original Netflix show. A Foreign Language masterpice series.To understand it you have to watch every season twice. The best show ever with mind bending story telling, I can't sleep without thinking of that how they deal with different generations and how they connected. Dark is one of the most complicated stunning show I have ever watched. It is a MasterPiece in all regards I always held the strongest opinion that no TV show would ever replace Game of Thrones as my favourite unless this masterpiece was released. If time travel, mystery and thriller are your things, give it a go.<br/><br/>I binged watched both seasons in one go would you believe? Thanks to lockdown.<br/><br/>Stay save Stay home. Unbelievably good. By far the best thing Netflix has done. Brilliant storytelling, coupled with amazing screenplay and theatrics. Best series I've ever watched. I am not much into review writing, but this series pushed Me into writing one. A well thought off series with superb combination of Direction, screenplay, Acting. The magnitude of scientific complexity of time and development of complex relationships is enormous. This reminded me of a movie 'Predestination' which has similar story line wrt time travelling.
I congratulate the entire team of this series and I thank Netflix for bringing it onto My TV screen. Kudos to all. I highly recommend this series to every IMDB review reader. This is perfect! Better than perfect, flawless!!<br/><br/>This is absolutely one of the ALL TIME GREATEST shows to ever be conceived! When considering it's a Sci-fi and mystery series, literally the 2 hardest genres to master, the feat is raised to an entirely new and untouched level of cinematic mastery!<br/><br/>This is the most perfect example of what us Sci-fi fans have been looking for!<br/><br/>Most series "sell out", if you will, they hook you in the 1st season and never live up to their initial expectations and promises! Oh but not this 1! Instead of each episode and season going down hill quickly as is accustom in the majority of shows nowadays, Dark continues a steady ascent with each additional episode becoming more intriguing, more interesting than its predecessor episodes! This show seems as if it's not even close to peaking! In fact, it almost seems like there may not ever be a peak, just a longterm climb to its permanent place among the greats!<br/><br/>Can't wait to see where it's headed, and I'll definitely be along for the entire ride! This series literally blows your mind off of your skull!! its soooo freaking awesome! hats off to the writer of this series who i must say has beyond human's thinking capacity. It is a must for everyone who loves thriller, suspense, and intricate,mind storming plot This is a very short review because all I could say more is all praises to everyone involved in making this terrific series.
Dark is an underrated gem.I could say this German sci-fi thriller is the best series for 2019.I was waiting for stranger things and it it so happened that I've watched dark before and I loved it more than stranger things.DARK starts off slow, the whole season 1 is a slow-burn but it needed to be
Slow, there are so many characters, storylines that might require one to note down inorder to follow every incident . The 2nd season improves in every aspect. Acting, cinematography, directing ,music, production design ,etc., everything is top notch and It's the best cast ensemble of last year in my opinion . If
You're like me and have no idea of what this series is while going in .. then trust me..you're in for a ride buddy. Things to know before you start this show:
It introduces a lot of characters constantly and consistently. So either have great memory or have a notebook. You won't need it after a while but to start, it would be good. The plot is just as vast and complex. There is a lot going on here and what you think you know is frequently changed or replaced.<br/><br/>This show reminds me of Lost, but I think it's much better. Each scene both answers and asks. The mystery is driven by a NASCAR driver alternating between slamming the gas and stomping on the brake. There are never moments to catch your breath, only moments to pause in shock. I cannot begin to explain the complexity of this story, nor would I want to. There is horror in this tale, but there is also beauty. This carefully crafted thriller is one of the best shows I've ever seen. Just hope it ends when it's supposed to. It is just perfect .deep something new it is level 2 How it took me so long to start watching the Dark, I don't know since, from the vague description of the show , it is really my alley.<br/><br/>This is the type of sci-fi I needed for a very long time, eerie, mysterious, haunting, difficult not to binge. Dark is really something special. It has the perfect atmosphere, the soundtrack just kicks the a**, you can tell that they put a lot of work in choosing the casting and the scenario is just mind blowing. How can someone be able to connect all those details, characters, stories... I just can't believe how you have a feeling for a couple of different actors that play the same character that they are all indeed one person through its lifetime. I would like to give you all a few tips how to watch Dark if you want to enjoy every little bit of it:<br/><br/>*turn off everything that distracts you while watching, turn the light off and volume up
*pause the episode from time to time to concentrate who is who, especially when the pictures of the family members are on the screen, it would be pity not to pay enough attention
*soak up the words, the sentences that they repeat, key words, they have important role in some parts of the plot
*try not to binge a lot because it has only 2 seasons for now. Don't be like me who watched 18 episodes in 3 days, I was sad when it was over. I also didn't realize that the second season has 8 instead of 10 episodes, so while I was watching the second season finale I wasn't aware of it.
I will admit that I'm a little bit nervous for the 3 season since it introduces even more complicated story. I'll keep the fingers crossed that they don't ruin this spectacular show. One of the best series I have ever seen! The storyline, plot twist and acting makes this one for the books! I cant wait to see season 3 What a great show. Most of the time traveling movies we have scene have a light hearted tone, where time travel is used for laughs without much consequences. But this shows is gritty from the beginning. It shows the effect of time travel on the people of Winden and their relation with each other.<br/><br/>Casting done for each and every character is absolutely perfect. Most of the character look very similar to their past and future selfs. Apart of appearances the acting done by cast is amazing.<br/><br/>The storyline may seem very complicated as it switchback between multiple timelines but it's always easy to follow.<br/><br/>This show is a must watch for any sci-fi fan. It light years ahead of shows like Mr. robot and west world. Amazing story, fantastic script, beautiful musical score and superb acting. If this was an American show it would have started strong before they messed it all up. Dark just gets better and better with every episode. American shows always have filler episodes where not much happens but they need to pad the series out. I don't remember watching a single episode of Dark that wasn't as good as the rest.<br/><br/>I highly recommend watching this in German with subs. The English (actually American accented) dub is awful and detracts from the acting. Granted subs are harder to follow and you'll need to use the rewind button but the pay off is well worth it.<br/><br/>It's the best fictional tv series I've ever seen. I loved Lost even though it went on for too long and Dark does remind me of Lost a little. As well as Stranger Things and Inception.<br/><br/>It's now up there for me with Chernobyl and Band of Brothers. 10/10 is even less rating for this show....
This show is masterpiece Everything is perfect! Story interesting, actors charismatic, music very good too. Really in love with this series. Great job! This is really the best tv show I have ever watched. I'm craving for more of it. I really liked the characters a lot especially Egon and Chorlotte. Excellent cast and storyline telling. It's a little confusing at first but once you realize they go between the same character as an older and young person, you'll understand. Pay close attention because out will rack your brain trying to the all the moving pieces together. I'm hooked! The best series I have ever watched. Travelling through time described in new level, with brilliant intelligence. To all who are inclined to binge-watch series: this one takes the lead and won't let you go not for a second! Perfect show with perfect caste. I simply love it. Every episode of the season have some new thriller , mystery in it and the story line is amazing. Second season much better than first
Very nice time puzzle and not only I've been a long time viewer of IMDB reviews without ever having written one myself.<br/><br/>That's now changed as after watching the first two seasons of Dark I had to write a review for this absolute stunning gem of a show.<br/><br/>I won't repeat what many have already said about this spectacularly layered and structured show but will mention something that I have not seen mentioned anywhere else.<br/><br/>Throughout the series viewers will recognise an image that is repeatedly displayed on walls, at entrances and on tattoos. This is an image of an ancient text known as the Emerald Tablet, also known as the Smaragdine Tablet, or Tabula Smaragdina. The origins of the Emerald Tablet are unknown but the text is said to hold the secret of prime matter. The origin and the end. Many European Alchemists were inspired by the document. Isaac Newton himself also translated the Emerald Tablet and it appears that he too was obsessed, captivated and inspired by it.<br/><br/>One of the first modern 'scientists', he was also called 'the last of the magicians'.<br/><br/>Sic Mundud Creatus Est'. It's also seen in Isaac Newtons translation.<br/><br/>With reference to Dark there appears to be an under current of an obsession with the origin and the end, free will vs predetermination. The illusion of free will.<br/><br/>This is where Dark is miles ahead of most stuff seen on TV nowadays. It is deeply philosophical as well as tragic.<br/><br/>I've given 10 stars even though there is still 1 season left. I doubt that a subject like this can be neatly tied up in a TV show. But the fact that this show was planned for 3 series from the start tells me that the a concise story is being told. I'm getting rather tired of the usual 'right, lets come up with ideas to drag another season out with a cliffhanger ending for next season'. I was a bit dubious at first because I struggle with dubbed movies/series. But I have to say Im glad I powered on through the dubbing because it's a brilliant series with a story packed full of twists and turns involving time travel. Couldn't watch this programme fast enough. Let's see more like this Netflix. Their is not any negative review all people give 10/10 or 9/10
then why it's not comes on top
give true rating to this show The best show Netflix has done by a country mile and the best show on tv in my opinion! After watching S02 i have to say that i don't like the way this show is going. I think the writters had to finish this in S02. There are bunch of things, oximorons and paradoxes that you can make in series like this but, where is the end? This series will probably end up like Lost. With some stupid nonsence ending after 6 seasons going in circle. It feels that the ending (dont worry no spilers) of S02 is just forcing you into the S03. Which is very bad sign. I hope I'm wrong. Just remember Prison Break, Amazing first seazon, good second, and forsed 3,4 and 5. I hope that I'm wrong... Dark, como el título sugiere, plantea un escenario denso y maduro en comparación a otros shows de Netflix, algo que se agradece por elevar la calidad de sus series a un nuevo nivel. El caso de Dark es particular, si bien está repleta de clichés de la Ciencia Ficción y los viajes en el tiempo, los aborda de formas más maduras y que por momentos recuerda a obras notables como Primer por sobre otras como su principal influencia (Volver al futuro), en especial por su tono serio más que por su trama en si, pues en cuanto a historia bordea el Thriller/Noir en algunos momentos, mientras que en general se desarrolla de forma más dramática. En este aspecto recae su principal atractivo, pues los viajes en el tiempo son solo la herramienta que se utiliza para revelar los secretos que guardan las cuatro familias principales, al menos en esta primera parte. La primera temporada es magnífica en ese sentido, siendo su punto más alto a mi parecer, pues nunca nos muestran como se trasladan los personajes de una época a otra y no es necesario que lo hagan, pues funciona a la perfección de esa forma y no requerimos de esa información para disfrutar la historia, durante toda la temporada no hay nada de efectos especiales y aun así sabemos que se trata de Ciencia Ficción y Fantasía. Es por eso que el final resulta un tanto decepcionante a mi parecer, pues acaba con eso al revelarnos que hay más aun en la cronología futura y que visitaremos en la segunda parte. Aunque no necesariamente porque tengamos que hacerlo, sino que inevitablemente caerán en el cliché de la distopía y la historia se expanderá innecesariamente. A esta primera parte le otorgo un 4/4.<br/><br/>La segunda temporada, si bien maneja los dramas familiares y generacionales de forma magistral, incluso mejor que la primera parte, sobreexplota el recurso del viaje en el tiempo, más aun cuando comienzan a aparecer más artefactos y medios para hacerlo, lo que le quita ese toque de misterio que había en la primera parte y que a mi parecer no hacía falta revelar. Como una buena secuela, expande a sus personajes, haciendo que las relaciones entre ellos se intrinquen más y en general eso suele venir acompañado por más preguntas que respuestas, algo que no termina de cerrar al final de la temporada. Esto, porque cometen el mismo error que la primera parte, con un cliffhanger burdo y que arruina totalmente la experiencia. Al inicio lo que hacía de la serie única y especial era eso, como a medida que visitábamos épocas pasadas se nos revelaban las conexiones entre estas familias, quienes han vivido desde siempre ahí y se conocen también desde siempre. De esta forma, sus mejores momentos eran cuando se revelaban estos secretos y se descubría que todo estuvo siempre conectado y que los personajes han andado en círculo todo el tiempo, algo que agrega un tono trágico y deprimente, pero que nuevamente es arruinado por un final innecesario. A esta temporada le otorgo un 3/4.<br/><br/>En general la serie funciona como un drama de misterio más que de Ciencia Ficción, pues es ahí donde se exploran bien los temas, aun así, confío en que la temporada final responderá todas las preguntas de manera satisfactoria, pues claramente estamos frente a una obra de calidad indiscutible y que bordea la brillantez más que la mediocridad, incluso con momentos que sí son mediocres. You may have slept on Netflix's German-language production Dark, and that was a mistake. The trippy time-travel series received comparisons to Stranger Things when it premiered, but it's actually much deeper and more evocative of Twin Peaks. Weaving a twisty tale about four interconnected families in a small German town, the show is worth the effort of the mental gymnastics required to understand the wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey nature of its storytelling. There are so many complexities in this movie but it makes me can't stop finding out what happens next. I just cannot wait for the season 3!!! It's so amazing and the best ever Very well written and performed sci-fi series. The concept is great, and leaves you thinking hours after. Cannot wait for season three. Nice scifi series with good acting. Still have issues with keeping up with all story lines. But that is the good part.
It keeps you on the edge of your seat. The characters are well-rounded and the story just keeps getting more and more complicated. One on the best SF movie wit religion philosopg element. I was shock after seconds season. In my opinion this film is a Movie Masterpiece. Movie for intelligent people and the movie you have to watch focused very focused. This is by far one of the best show on Netflix. I could match it with the legendary movie like inception, in which you don't want to miss even signle scene. Story, presentation, characters especially mikkle 😍, music especially title song, etc. are up to the mark. At a time you would believe that you are the part of this story. Original, very well done, the actors are great!!! I dont normally give a 10 but this Serie just deserve it!!!! I loved this show so much and im waiting season 2
I hope season 2 will be like season 1 so amazing I watched quite a lot of Tv Shows . And i chose this masterpiece the best i ever seen . and i think i'll never witness in the near future a work like this. After long time watched something which had blowned my mind. One of the best series that I've ever seen, interesting and intense from the very beginning. 10/10 would recommend. It's best serie about time travel, isn't my genre but i realy like .
Waiting to s2 :) This great German production should be watched in German with the SUBTITLES ON. The distracting English vocal acting is TERRIBLE for that alternate dub. They would have done better with a computer simulation. I'm tempted to say the English dub was designed to fail. DO NOT ENDURE the ENGLISH VERSION unless you absolutely must.<br/><br/>Full disclosure, I did not try to endure the English until I "got used to it" because I honestly doubt I ever would. Also, I'm only at episode 5 of 10 and felt compelled to give this a 10 star and a warning as every episode by default starts in English until I return it to German with subtitles. Wow! It's hard to find really good science fiction TV series, but this one blew me away! The show is so well done, down to the details. The feel of the show, the acting, the complex plot, the whole thing was just a masterpiece to me.<br/><br/>I didn't give this show a chance at first, because it's in german, and I didn't get really into it from watching the first episode. But then I gave it another shot later, and binge-watched the whole 10 episodes in just a few days.<br/><br/>I'm a sci fi fan, but haven't really been that much in to the «time travel» part of the genre before. This one was very different, and very well thought out. You have to pay attention to follow the storyline, but the payoff is big.<br/><br/>Highly recommended! Just came here to give ratings to this amazing series. Waiting for season 2. This show finds a way to take a very familiar plot of time travel devices and make it fresh with a unique emotion. The "time machine" is minimalist, unlike most time travel films which usually use flashy visuals to convey moving through time. The cinematography is also great, and so many elements add up to create a spectacularly eerie and dark atmosphere that set the show apart from the competition. My only complaint would be that you have to think a bit to tell the characters apart, as you are not reminded who is who very often, but as long as you are paying attention (which should not be hard for this show) you should be fine. Overall awesome show, can't wait to see more of this director's work. It's a really great show. Well written, well cast. So well cast that even with the multiple timelines, it's EASY to tell who is who most of the time in the different phases of their lives. Don't listen to the reviews that say it's confusing. I'm willing to guess those people just weren't paying attention all of the time. I know a lot of people that can't take their cellphones out of their face for more than 5 minutes. So if you were confused, you either aren't that bright or you need to put your phone down. Then you'll be capable of giving a competent review. This is the most amazing serial i ever seen!! Blows your mind.. I really enjoyed this thrill and suspense serie from germany. Amazing production, amazing cast, story and script! Incredible plot with continuous surprises on each episode without losing the essence of the story or creating misteries only to confuse the audience like Lost did.
Truly recommended with five minutes of applause in front of the tv after a marathon!
Great job. I would give 15 point if available. Set in a corrupted town in Germany, Dark tells the story of murder, kidnapping, deceit and the predestination paradox spread across 66 years starting in 2019, taking us to 1986 and taking us back to 1953 where it all began. To say the least dark is an incredibly interesting time-travel based murder mystery that spans four families in a small German town but that would be an understatement; it's a show that weaves itself into areas of paranoia, deceit and how corrupt and secretive we can be as human beings. The show also deals with causality and consequence, whether we have freedom or are just following a set path of faith from which consequence is only setting the path for an inevitable future ("Is it future or is it past" you may be thinking). 
This is a beautiful, grim and dark (in its namesake) series that leaves you griped to your seats for the whole running time. With an amazing story and script, breathe-taking direction, cinematography and acting backed up with a great soundtrack it is a show that holds you on your edge trying to piece together and thinking about the story that never breaks character and falls short. 
I'm not saying this show is absolutely perfect, it does have some shots and scenes that can somewhat feel pretentious and it's a slow burn until it takes you for a wild mind-warping ride (the fantastic editing helping with this issue a lot). From its first season you get a full story but still leaves you with the perfect cliff-hanger that makes you lust for more. 
Dark is as perfect as a show gets in my eyes and I am looking forward to what is offered in season 1 but if it's nearly as good as what is offered here, then we are in for a fantastic series that will stand the test of time and is sub-mended as one of my all-time favourites. <br/><br/>P.S: The dub is for scrubs, go with subs, it makes the series much more authentic + the dubs are really bad for this one. Just the way it's made is amazing, the music, scenery, everything. Reminds me, and obviously a lot of others, about Stranger Things. 
I just love it. Well, as we al, know ,Black Mirror took way to long to come out. I needed a fix. It's interesting because when I saw the preview for this, I thought it was a preview for an episode for season 4. Which actually makes sense! There were so many twist. Even better, a"mini serires". Hopefull,y Netflix does decide to renew another yr! It has so many more places to go! I actually watch it 3 times then posted it on Instagram and ppl have also loved it! <br/><br/>I love that we are going through the 33yr time spans and that the lives of so many families have become intertwined!I loved the dreary look of the scenes! Everything has a cloud ovver it! The ppl are depressed. The actors did an amazing job! I love when I feel like I can slip into the role of every character easily! This is seriously impressive because it wss translated in English for me, but I didn't feel like I was watching a translated show! 
It seemed like just a few families were intertwined for most of it. Then, as it goes u see that the whole town is intertwined! I love that they got rid of the bodies in other time spans. Making it more difficult for investigators! Smart!.Yes, it may seem slow to some, but I found myself wanting more! Where the story ends makes it a perfect set up for another season! PPL stuck in past, others propelled into thd future Which is why I would love it to be reknewed!
Windows Don't tell me this has anything to do with Stranger Things! Nope! Aside from missing children (which, give me a break, is not a novice idea) nothing reminded me of it. <br/><br/>And although I liked Stranger Things (even though it has been inspired by many other things, not copy, inspired), this is by far a superior series. It has an amazing atmosphere, it's complex, amazing script and overall very well done. I was very pleasantly surprised by this one, it had me from episode one. You will not regret watching it! I don't understand why people always tend to compare dark with Stranger things. Maybe they share some similar elements, but they are totally different on every level. 
Since people are comparing it with Stranger things, I would like to do the same for those who have not watched Dark. IMO, Stranger Things is like Fringe + Kyle XY, you got some hype from the shadow universe aspect like the parallel universe in Fringe, then again you are immersed in the cliche Kyle XY element. Stranger Things is good, considering the low quality Sci-Fi productions recent years. However, it is inferior than Dark in almost every aspect, from plot, world building, philosophy, etc. Yeah, time travel is kind of cliche, but Dark is not just time travel as it provides its own unique reflection and drama on the interpretation and consequences of time travel. I really like the way they present the complex and convoluted relationships of the various core families in the show. Everyone is IMPORTANT. 
To resolve the time travel paradox, we usually bypass this nonsense by applying the MWI many world interpretation theory. Dark, on the contrary, stand up to confront this counterintuitive phenomenon by restricting its setting to a causally linked single universe spacetime. Up to now, it has not fully developed on how it will address this famous paradox, but just from the snippets I am intrigued. 
In one word, Stranger Things is just like one commercial movie that you watch and you forget. Dark, on the other hand, is something to ponder and reflect about our own world. Started off great but dragged on at some point in the middle and then just spirals into nonsense and convoluted crap in the last episodes, specifically the last few seconds. Won't be hanging around for the second season. And I honestly don't get the similarities to Stranger Things everyone seems to be talking about, they're NOTHING alike and worlds apart in every thinkable sense. As you start to watch one after the other episodes you think that you will take the revenge for LOST. you will see the war between good and evil not even insight on each character but on a whole city....but as always we must have another season so everything that the series builds for 9 episodes collapsed as a tower on the sand at the last 10 minutes! I have seen this show because it is top rated show in the IMDb list plus some good reviews by the viewers.<br/><br/>Time travel, simple plot and simple twist.<br/><br/>Writing: good (it could be better)
Direction: good
Performance: okay
Dubbing: okay<br/><br/>Don't go with the "hype". it is trap. If you're obsessed with time travel, than it is for you otherwise Nothing exciting or interesting about it.<br/><br/>Good but in my opinion, It is overrated. So gripping, exciting and one of a kind! It being in German also adds an interesting flare for those who don't speak it. Really clever, precise and compelling OMG! I hope Netflix continues this serie for more seasons! It's so good. Time traveling explained on a scientific level Masterpiece! I wont say it's same theme but fringe is my best loved sci-fic ever. Dark become on my list now but I can't conclude as not finish yet. Season 1 is too good enough and watching each episode feel like answers lead to more questions, quoted from fringe. The disappeared kid Mikkel in 2019 time travel to 1986 and meet his father's secret lover in the future and married her and leave a letter not to open until November 4, the date Mikkel disappearances. What if grow up Mikkel and kid Mikkel meet in a same time, can't wait to see what happen and there are too many unexplained ? in the story. The best show I've watched since The Sopranos. Watch it with the original voice track with subtitles. Often times reviews seem to be 1/10 or 10/10 when they should be something mpre in the middle.<br/><br/>Dark honestly earns this 10/10. Though a rating usually is highly subjective I would say that Dark does so much right that it is objectively good as a show.<br/><br/>First it has a very clear plot or premisse that gets revieled a bit more with every episode. The main characters confusion is often times shared by us - the viewer but the more he sees and hears the more we do as well. The plot has bar to no holes and is very thought provoking as it deals with a subject that - for me at least - is fresh and interesting!<br/><br/>The cast is great. The delivery of the actors is mostly great - considering most of them are very young that is pretty impressive.
I watched in german. Not an option for everyone i guess but I can highly recommend that.<br/><br/>Why are you still reading? Go watch it already DAMN !!!!!
I can't believe what I have just saw !!
Ooh .. what is this mind who came up with this ?!!!
DAMN!! Amazing show. It keeps you wanting for more. In my opinion, it is even better than Stranger Things. The sci-fi elements and jaw-dropping twists make for a gripping plot.<br/><br/>When a show makes you question your own reality, you know the creators did an amazing job! Can't wait for season 2! This is a wonderful T.V. series. The sound score, the cinematography, the story and everything is just amazing. It's marvelous how the creators have presented many different timelines altogether. From the first season this seems like a promising series and I think the best if yet to come. Can't wait for the next season. BORING<br/><br/>There are a tons of characters, too many to follow. I keep forgetting who is who and is related to who. And then the multiple timelines make everything even more confusing. Not that it matters because there are basically no interesting storylines to follow.<br/><br/>Story is an exercise in boredom very little ever happens, just a lot of kitchen talks, rainy german forests, then again talking in iving room, kitchen, and the same tropes happining over and over again.<br/><br/>Every single scene contains synth and suspenseful music, even when they make sandwiches or say the most irrelevant things, music score is absolutely annoying.<br/><br/>I really tried hard to get to watch the entire season but I was extremely bored after 6 or 7 episodes and I found the Whole story completely pointless. Judging by the praise this seems to be getting, you would think there is some great mystery to be understood here, but not only does it fail to deliver a cohesive plot but it can't even deliver on it's promise of a mystery. 
It is so bland and pretentious that I played some episodes at like 1.5x play rate.lol. The story want to be taken seriously but it's plot mechanic is painfully stupid and tedious.<br/><br/>First the characters are like cardboard cut outs. The only character I liked and thought was human is Ulrich. He is like a cop/detective and is afraid for his sons life, because they found a kid whose eyes had been charcoaled by someone.
I'll reveal more in a spoiler section. And this other older cop character is ok as well. But the villains and their motives are just god awful. I don't mean evil which they are, or at least their methods are, but no I mean they are unintelligible!<br/><br/>As for the plot, it's just a pain to sit through. I've thought about this a few times and I honestly don't think I was surprised even once! It's hard to explain but I think the utterly cliched nature of it all, ends up betraying the basics of the plot very quickly to the audience. And unlike with stranger things where you have a decent ending, to season 1, you don't get anything remotely like that here. <br/><br/>No satisfying conclusion to the season, just another set up to mindlessly repeat the same story mechanic that it had already repeated a good dozen times by then. The basics of the plot is, *Start of Minor Spoilers* there is a time machine that looks like an electric chair(like wtf right?) that kills the traveler in the process of time traveling. And the people who built it, use children as it's guinea pig which makes for cheap scares/horrors. <br/><br/>These kids go back in time and have no choice but to spend the rest of their lives there. Marrying and having kids and what not... And the story is about the mystery of what happened to them and the mystery of this machine and why it was built. Except it fails to deliver on all those fronts. *End of Minor Spoilers*. That basic plot mechanic is repeated over and over again for multiple characters, then the subsequent drama of all this is mildly explored, mixed in with Einstein being name dropped to sound smart.
 
The more I think of this series the worse the score gets. 
Originally I was thinking 4/10 but I honestly can't justify it.
I can forgive a bad plot for at least attempting to put together a plot, but here it's a big pile of nothing, mixed with cheap scares about murdered children and the drama that ensues. It's a 1/10 for me. You can safely skip this garbage and not feel like you missed out.lol. In fact you might feel having spared!
If you are really curious, I recommend reading through my spoiler section to find out what you "missed out" on(you didn't miss out on anything!). Or conversely, just look online for a complete story summary.<br/><br/>*SPOILER SECTION* 
So there is a worm hole under all this! In fact it's this worm hole that allows this "time machine" to work. I put time machine in quotes because the characters that build this just magically happens to know, as to how you would try and tap into this wormhole. And the machine just straight up looks like an electric chair with small transformers attached to this eye cover/VR headset thingy. So utterly unconvincing as a time machine. The writer clearly wasn't thinking in terms of having an intelligible setting or story, but was just going for cheap scares.<br/><br/>Now the worst thing is that this worm hole is something that you can actually walk through(crawl actually). So it makes this whole machine pointless. Remember this machine can't function independent of this wormhole, in fact it's built close to the location of the worm hole. Both the machine and the wormhole, sends people 33 years into the past or future. And to make things worse, there is yet another mysterious time machine, although it doesn't involve an electric chair set up. Just something that looks like a suitcase bomb.<br/><br/>There are two villain characters, one male and the other female that seem the most interested in time travel, while the rest are victims of their manipulation. Each believe the other to be the evil one. It is not revealed as to why they want to time travel other than the base curiousity around the phenomena. You also have a pointless professor character that gives boring expositions on time travel, while adding nothing of value to the story. <br/><br/>It would have been cool, if he had an active part in this, but he is just a passive participant and ends up building this other time machine for the female villain when she gives him blue prints. It's assumed that she designed it herself, although she can't build it herself for some reason...
And that's as far as that plot goes. You don't find anything more about either of these characters or their goals.<br/><br/>As for the mystery of missing children. The people that made the electric chair time machine, are using children as their guinea pigs. And in the process of using it, they die in their present time line, but live in a past time. The machine ruptures their ear drums and melts their eye area of the face, for some inexplicable reason. But ok. So back in the past, in 1986, they just have to continue on with their lives and eventually marries have kids etc...<br/><br/>The offspring have special consequences, since they wouldn't be born unless the kids that are to be their father is sent back in time, thus making their kidnappings a necessity bla bla bla. Do I have to go on?
This plot is then repeated for 3 other kids and each time we get to see the drama in both time lines. A character called Jonas who is also the first mysterious guy that the audience suspects is killing kids, is the offspring of one of those kids that went back in time. And he is actually trying to destroy the wormhole, hoping that it will fix everything. <br/><br/>He is also a lackey to the female villain and is unknowingly set on a path to start the worm hole in the first place which he thinks will destroy it. And is given that second time machine thingy as a catalyst to create a black hole... Honestly it is as stupid as it sounds. You even get to see this cheesy black hole cgi effect. 
Meanwhile a younger Jonas who had previously discovered the truth about his father and had traveled through the natural wormhole, gets kidnapped to be used on that electric chair time machine thing. <br/><br/>But the artificial black hole creates a portal right in front of him, which also opens up to a kid way back in the past (1953). The two touch the portal and Jonas is pulled sometime far into the future and the kid is pulled to the time line that young jonas was living. While in the far future, young Jonas is greeted by a young woman who is clearly meant to be a younger version of the female villain.
Thus setting up their connection. <br/><br/>The story ends there baiting for a second season which I regret has been green lighted.lol. Does that make you feel like you missed out on something?
If I had checked a quick summary of the entire story, I would have saved 8 hours of my life. The series isn't just nonsensical pretentious garbage, it's also incredibly bland. Sometimes bad movies and series can be fun to watch, but this isn't even that. It takes it self very seriously but it doesn't have the intellect or the content to back that up.<br/><br/>I hope this review helped! In the past few years, Netflix's "Stranger Things" has become a key part of US popular culture. That eerie trip to the '80s with all the pop culture fixings is enough to please anyone.<br/><br/>Well it turns out that Germany has made its own version. Except that while the former takes a campy approach, "Dark" takes a grimmer one (i.e., a limited number of pop culture references). It's more like if "Stranger Things" met HBO's "Chernobyl". It's not called "Dark" for nothing. You definitely gotta see it. One of the best story i have ever watched.complex,thrilling,shocking.it makes you think like a book. The trailer gave me a completely wrong impression of what I had to expect. I'm a mystery/science fiction fan. Watching this series however, I felt as if everything was just about drama. So, if you like soap operas then go for it because oh boy, this series loves its drama.<br/><br/>Let me explain....<br/><br/>Parents whose boy is missing, spit and shout at police officers who try to help them, which is obviously ok. Hell, I guess one of them could have stabbed the officer and the others would still have been like "Oh those poor parents, we can't be mad at them". Nobody says anything, everyone gives the parents the assurance, that such a behavior is ok.<br/><br/>Two friends of the boy whose father commited sucide (one of them is his love interest) are in a relationship. Do they calmly tell him the difficult news? Maybe before his first day of school? Hell no. The first possible moment, they just hold hands and are like "Well guess things have changed, haha". Well I guess as "friends" you just hurt that grieving boy in the worst possible way but it's fine, haha. If these are his friends, he doesn't need enemies.<br/><br/>And it just goes on like that. In general people are fighting and hold grudges against each other. It seems the only people who are in any way "kind" to each other are mostly those who want to... be intimate... with each other.<br/><br/>The basis for this series is pure drama and it is sad. I don't mind drama, if this doesn't mean everyone acts like an a**** towars each other. But to experience it as the major plot point of the series was very frustrating. I was really looking forward to watching a good mystery series and instead.... this. Well it wasn't as bad as an episode of "Gute Zeiten, Schlechte Zeiten" but it wasn't much better either. And I never assumed that mystery would have made that a better series.<br/><br/>I wanted to comment here as it seems this is a minority opinion. And to have an opinion outside of the usual filter bubble isn't bad now, is it? The only tv show that I wished I could rate more than 10 stars. It's unreal how good the story of 'Dark' is. I had my doubts as it started out pretty slow at first, but the doubts were quickly proven wrong. The balance between brooding mystery and SciFi with a layer of religious elements made for a perfect storm that leaves the viewer wanting more!<br/><br/>I also love the cast and the English dubbing was really well done.<br/><br/>All around a great series and I'm excited for the 3rd season!! You'll have to think, but it'll blow your mind. For all you non-German speakers, be sure to watch subtitled version as dubbed version is terrible. Fantastic cast, fantastic music, fantastic plot. I cannot compliment this enough. Totally gripping, totally unexpected, jaw-dropping and emotional. I have just finished Season 2 and am mindblown! What can I say, it's a great show!!! Dark was compared to Stranger Things but they are totally different. The only thing in common would be the disappearance of a child. Wish I could forget it and rewatch it again. Season 3 pleeeeassee!! I usually stop watching when I see a logical mistake... To be honest, I have seen a lot in Dark. However, I couldn't stop watching it. It is one of the strangest TV series I have ever watched. Both seasons are awesome.. you have to memorize all characters.. and time traveling as a theme in this series puts out questions and answers that are very interesting.... Wow !! What a complicated, supernatural, time travel thriller. I am on season 2 & this show proves a point why time travel should remain a fictional concept. Story is deep and execution is like you wouldn't want to miss a single scene. Characters are just out of a best selling novel. VFX is not huge but its visually appealing and accurate that adds to viewers delight even more This was the first TV series I watched that has Physics integrated in the plot. It was about time to see something like that because most of the TV series nowadays are affiliated with shallow and cliche plots with drugs, guns etc. I really liked the "atmosphere" of each episode and the sceneries of the 50's and 80's. I trully recommend it to anyone that likes mystery and sci-fi. It has taken me days but I cannot even get through episode one.<br/><br/>It is dark, dreary and boring. The town is full of dark dreary people living dark dreary, boring lives. And this is supposed to interest me?<br/><br/>I'm sorry, it needs some interest to hook a person. This has none.<br/><br/>I tried but this is so dank and totally without content, I am just unable to stay with it.<br/><br/>And, its dubbed.<br/><br/>PS: Reviews are still not possible on IOS. I can only watched this 'til the stranger on episode 2 book a room. After that, tap back, and remove this show from my Netflix list. <br/><br/>No, it's not that good. Don't you dare compare this show to stranger things. <br/><br/>But if you can bear the exaggerated, unnecessary, cheap soundtrack that blasting out from your speaker almost everytime, go watch it. But you have been warned. <br/><br/>By cheap, I don't mean the budget amount to produce this show. But the taste. <br/><br/>There's a scene where a suspicious guy want to rent a room on at the local hotel. You will be forced to be suspicious about this guy. He wears a large hoodie, with dirty face, and that's not all. This guy also brought a creepy string quartet playing sounds that almost screaming for attention, "Hey! Look at this guy! He's suspicious! He's creepy and dirty!" <br/><br/>Imagine that scene like this, a guy lying on a hospital bed because he has high cholesterol, taking out a block of cheese from his jackets hidden pocket and put the whole block in his mouth. While the famous soundtrack from Alfred Hitchcock psycho unnecessary playing amazingly loud in the background since he reached inside his hidden pocket. <br/><br/>Amazing, isn't it? <br/><br/>And before that, there's a conversation between 2 men. 1 guy says, "You know the difference between successful man and unsuccessful man?" Right after that sentence, a low dark string notes playing in the background. Almost Jaw-like famous 2 notes soundtrack. <br/><br/>Seriously? <br/><br/>Thank you for wasting more than 60 minutes of my time Anyone knows if there will be a Season 4?
There should be! :) So even though the story feels like a new one, it is not. It is a combination of an ancient esoteric belief and simulation theory with some essence from the parallel universes. However the symbology is ancient and the way it builds up is very good.
It is a great show and more... This surely must be one of the best series out there, in terms of sheer entertainment. Intriguing characters, suspense, masterful storytelling superbly acted - watch it and be enthralled. Can't wait for the next season! Dark tells the story of a small town in Germany and increasingly weird things that happen there over time. it's told through the perspectives of the people who live in the town in three different periods.
In the beginning of the story there is already a child missing which puts the whole town on edge and relationship start to get tested. Dark is an unravelling mystery. So many things are connected. You'll also notice how a child can accept things or incidents that defy the rules, and move on easily, whereas how adults find it so hard to swallow and can lose their minds.
This so more than looks amazing. It uses the cinematography, the colour, the music in a way that contributes to the voice of the show.
I would say it's a beautiful cinematic experience filled with engaging characters and a story that'll leave you asking questions in the best possible way. Amazing series, what a story behind this..,,ðŸ‘Œ
Wonderful performance of all cast's. Direction, connecting linkage, acting, & everything etc. Is perfect, finally saying., chernobyl, dark.. etc is superb..extra superb... etc (mastermake) series. The second cycle. at this point, I would not describe the show as entertaining because it transcends entertainment. Season 2 successfully adds more intricacy to the plot - the added timelines and characters. The bar that was set by season 1 was met by season 2 and maybe even surpassed it. The characters became even more interesting as each of their personalities and backgrounds were delved deeper into. As some of the questions from the previous season were answered, more mysteries were added as the show gets more complex. Unlike other tv series, Dark does not get over convoluted and it stays believable. The characters never does anything stupid and acts only according to their established personalities and desires. It is not a simple cliche tv show that you can just sit through just for the sake of passing time, it needs attention to each detail because if you don't, you'll miss out on a lot of things. I dont know how they do it but I can say that the people behind this project really put great effort into making this art. I am really hyped for the final season - where we'll prolly deal with parallel universes. It will left you confused, puzzled, amazed, thrilled surprised and everything.. Never see anything like this...this web series will consume you. I was told it was a beautifully foreboding mashup of the feels one gets from It and Stranger Things, but this show goes far and beyond just that.
The suspense, darkness, cinematic elegance, storylines, soundtrack and score, acting (and dubbing) are unparalleled. It sucks you in like a blackhole and saturates your mind and body in such a brilliantly manifested world and story. One of *the best* shows I have ever seen and likely will ever see. A masterpiece had me gripped from start to finish. I love the music and the whole setting. The acting is top notch but the script is one of the best written. Already cant wait to watch the next season one of the reasons I'm happy to pay the increased Netflix subscription Kind of confusing,but its the best i have watched yet. Never reviewed before but his program deserves credit. If you like dark, intelligent, complicated, Sci fi with time machines and worm holes then this is for you.
At times it's very difficult to follow with all the time travelling involved both back and forward in time but when you do click what's going on it all makes sense and it's fantastic.
Some reviews say to watch it in German with English subtitles but because of its complicated storyline and the so many characters involved I recommend watching the dubbed version so you can concentrate on the story rather than reading the subtitles.
Give it a try as it is really is a top notch program if time travel is your thing and it's not just a great storyline but also has great effects and looks amazing. Just finished season 2, and even though parts are still confusing to me, I really like the " puzzle" aspect of it. Trying to understand all the timelines and players keeps my interest even while I get used to the English dubbing. Can't wait to see how all this comes together. First of all, as many have already pointed out, this show has little to nothing to do with Stranger Things. The false impression obviously is the result of a bunch of film critics, who - as is so often the case with "critics" - write their reviews less based on the actual film, but rather to show off all the other things they've seen by coming up with some awkward comparisons. Both Stranger Things and Dark are mystery tales of parallel universes/time travel set in a rural area with a forest, so you can imagine that there are many symbols which occur in both shows. That is simple the genre. However, while Stranger Things is a nostalgia show about the 80s, Dark is not at all. And that both shows are Netflix productions doesn't matter anyway as Netflix is quite diverse.<br/><br/>Anyways. The plot is pretty darn good. I especially loved the ending and really hope they will leave it as it is and not run the show dead with more seasons. The way the series is made clearly shows that they tried to be "Scandinavian" and mostly they did succeed. I love the blunt emotional hyper-realism of Nordic and Germanic cinema (even in mystery shows), however this is a German production so it has a few of the typical flaws so often seen in German film.<br/><br/>First, cut and cinematography. I'm absolutely no fan of typical modern Hollywood fast-paced cutting and hectic cinematography which I often see as an attempt to deflect from the fact that there is no substance to the story. However, the Germans are often a tad too slow and hold some camera views for a few milliseconds longer than necessary. That often breaks the flow of story-telling and this does sometimes happen here, but I've seen much worse you'll get used to it.<br/><br/>Second, the acting or directing. I dunno which it is (I suspect the directing), but in German films actors are often over- or underacting at all the wrong places. So, in some emotional situations subtlety would serve better than tears or yelling, while in others the almost "frozen faces" seem callous and cold in a situation which is indeed very emotional to the story. This prevents the viewer from fully empathizing with the characters and it leaves you a bit as a lonely observer of something that essentially doesn't need to bother you at all (or at least that is what happens to me, a bit of a shrugging feeling). I think this is the main difference between Scandinavian and German film-making, while the Danish sometimes manage to brutally crush any distance between you and the characters (The Hunt with Mads Mikkelsen for example), the Germans are far more analytical and top-heavy. Unfortunately, this show does often suffer from it.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, it is well worth a watch, and I think I will at some point watch it again to fully appreciate the storyline. It has plenty of characters in three different decades so the relationships between them are a bit confusing at times. One thing that I really liked about Dark was that the casting contained no well-known German actors at all, and some of them were pretty damn good (Oliver Masucci of Ulrich for example). I'd definitely recommend it to spend a literally dark winter Sunday with it like I did yesterday. Forgive me my shameless pun, I though it fitting because this show does have many terrors. But not only good ones...<br/><br/>The acting is decent, and since it's german you really don't need to expect any humour, straight to the point and get on with it. And that's also one of its main problems. The show dedicates very little amount of time to get to know the characters. You get minimal backstory but just enough so you can at least follow the plot of the movie.<br/><br/>The cinematography however is brilliant, it sets the tone and immersed me into the town as a viewer. If it weren't for that horrendous synth sound that's constantly blaring into my earlobes I might have given his series a 6.<br/><br/>This show was very confusing to watch, not only does it keep piling mistery on mistery, but also riddles upon riddles hidden behind riddles revealed only by completing another set of riddles. The jumping forth between all the characters didn't make it any better either. I felt like I was speed dating all of them. There were too many characters introduced in this series; especially with the nature of the plot they had going on. I had a very hard time keeping track of all the names of the characters and often confused them with eachother.<br/><br/>The show does a good job with explaining the major misteries established. As a viewer you're than able to piece together the puzzle slowly and perhaps pick up on some of the sub text hidden within the characters dialogues.<br/><br/>The serie does not have a satisfying ending however.. (don't worry I won't spoil)<br/><br/>Everything you've been explained is getting tossed out of the window. You can't help but feel that all of this was rather pointless. This show's biggest strenght is also it's biggest weakness. The show provides layers and layers of mistery on top of eachother, and I'm afraid the show won't be able to provide an answer for most of them. It's clear they are setting up for multiple seasons, but series with a bit of si-fy tend to get cancled often after 2 seasons. It looks like this has the potential to be a second LOST debacle.<br/><br/>Anyway... My recommendation is this: You should watch it, just try not to add any logic to anything you see on screen. Watch it in its own merrit and treat every bit of info thrown at you like it's logical in the serie's universe and you'll be fine. Yes, it does remind me Stranger Things. For now I've rated both with a 9, but in a case of ST it's a strained 9, here I'd rate it 9,5 if I could. It also reminds me of 12 Monkeys by Syfy, albeit this one is 2-3 levels above it.<br/><br/>I adore the Nolanslike complexity and a bit of focus you have to pay to keep up with the story. I'm sure there will be people who will say it's too heavy and difficult for them to grasp, so if you're a fan of low-demanding action movies, comedies, horrors, melodramas etc. there's a chance you won't like it. Some will probably also not like it's in German and you have to read subtitles or listen to English dubbing.. terrible! The audio is great. The cast is done perfectly, which Netflix seems to master every time. The story isn't obvious and predictable. It is very arresting. I watched/listened to both the intro and outro of every episode. Can't wait for the plot developments in the second season. Really disappointed. I enjoy almost every sci-fi, dark, mystery, thriller movie og series, but this was total waste of my time. After I saw the last episode of season 1, I just thought - what did I just watch? What is this? What's the point of everything that happened here? Why every single character so mysterious to us? And like good ol' telenovela... who is who, why did that happened and who is related to who now, and is "Pedro" now a mother, a father, a sister and an uncle to himself?<br/><br/>This series has huge lack of depth. We don't get a chance to love or to hate a character, because everyone's so freakin' mysterious. Everything and everyone is so mellow, just - meh. <br/><br/>You want something to happen finally, but nothing ever does. It's so empty and shallow. And that scary music in background... oh, come ooooon! Character yawns: (scary music playing in the background). Give me a break! I can't even write anymore about this stupid waste of time, I'm pissed off! <br/><br/>Solid actors. I liked the camera and a color palette. But the story is horrible - so unfinished! Like someone deleted 30-40% of story here and there, just enough to make it boring. If you liked stranger things,you probably wont like this.Stranger things was simple pop corn fun,i didnt like it,and this is all but not simple an pop corn.this is pretntious mess.it has lots of loose ends,and it is burning very,very slow.buliding up to nothing.
nothing is resolved,noting is said,nothing is explained.i gave it 7 cos its is shoot great,and it has good photography,and actors are not so bad,music is sometimes overexposed but not bad.
watch it if u like slow burning,and ovecomplicated things with no resolving.
it is higly overrated. As others have noted, this show is all style and no substance. Every scene has heavy over-the-top dark musical chords .. and I mean EVERY scene. Again and again and again. The acting is WAY too heavy, with everyone looking deep and dark all the time. Lightning is uniformly dark with washed out colors. Someone seems to have read "mystery show production for dummies" and think that makes them an expert.<br/><br/>And then we have all the dull cliches. The cop who is personally involved and goes solo. The kids who discover vital clues and .. you guessed it ... keep them secret (why?). Actors standing around looking deeply troubled when in fact they at that point have nothing much to trouble them (except for that damn background music).<br/><br/>Sadly the result is (yet again) a rather feeble story disguised by cumbersome production values to make what is essentially banal look (falsely) profound. This is a show that is so complex in it's nature. You would definitely want to appreciate the efforts done on storytelling. The screenplay is so intense that it will gradually increase your thought process as the show progresses. To sum it up, the first 5 episodes were slow paced but were important for the next 5 episodes which were extraordinary!!! The first 3/4 of the series is amazing. The cinematography, the storyline, the mystery, the eerie and atmospheric setting.
Come the last 2-3 episodes and it all starts to go downhill. Too many time portals are opened and it gets really really messy. Unsolvably messy. Throughout the whole season we are concerned about the fate of the missing children, however during the last few episodes they become irrelevant. Too many people traveling through time, too many loose ends.
And then there's the ending- post-apocalyptic extra messy future. That's when the show just jumped off a cliff. They sacrificed the series' entire atmospheric, mysterious concept in favor of some cliche sci fi mess. Ultimately disappointing.
For European series with similar atmosphere that are excellent from beginning to end, see Retribution, The Chalet, Hotel Beau Sejour, and Requiem. This is the type of show that is so interconnected that you become invested in every single character. And each character is so great in the role they play in the story, you really feel for each one of them.<br/><br/>You have to watch in German to get the real feel of the performances.<br/><br/>One of my top 5 shows of all time. I was not expecting it. The show is of Dark nature but such a great refreshing story and your brain is in constant work! The series slowly builds up the complex web of mysterious events and explains how they are related to each other.<br/><br/>The concept used is the series is a different level. Absolutely brilliant.<br/><br/>The performance of the actors, "damp-dark-cold" climate in the scenes, soundtrack, background score - everything was perfect, and the creators took complete advantage of them to make the story as "Dark" and mysterious as possible. People say its like stranger things , its nothing like "Stranger Things".
actually dark is far way better in my opinion.
netflix nailed it again.
i liked the acting all of them were so good especially the actor who played (ulrlich).
cinematography was excellent.
story perfect.
defiantly in my top 10.
and the German language made it a lot better.
dying to see season 2... I'd heard stories of 'Dark' being similar to 'Stranger Things' and it is, superficially.<br/><br/>I think the writing and acting is superb. While the show is quite deliberate in terms of its pace it certainly makes you question things at every turn.<br/><br/>If you're in the mood for bubble gum TV or movies and don't want to think about what you're watching it's not for you... If you're looking for a puzzle to think about make sure you've got the time to spare because it will probably hook you.<br/><br/>The show does deal with material that may make some uncomfortable.<br/><br/>'Dark' is a bit fanciful on the technology front... but there are things we think we understand, only to have them change completely a few decades later. It is sci-fi/horror/drama that hits the mark (no pun intended) on all three. There's only so much mystery and twists and turns one can process in a single day, so I would recommend to watch this one episode at a time in different days...<br/><br/>I really wish this goes into a second season, even though I'm afraid script writers will have their work cut out for them finding a coherent way to tie up all the loose ends they've thrown around in the first. After a very strong first season, disappointment in the second is a major risk...<br/><br/>Very strong acting and well-paced development. Leads and clues are well-timed, revealing and understandable enough to allow the viewer to follow the plot, but cryptical enough to keep you guessing what's to come. (Thankfully not as cryptical as in a David Lynch movie, where you have to wait for someone to post a manual to understand what everything was about). Yes, sometimes it feels like there's just too many people and families and timelines in the plot, but that's what the series is all about.<br/><br/>Having been a kid in Germany in the 1980s, scenes from that time (very well done by the way) evoke a strong nostalgia factor. The strongest to me, interestingly, was not so much in the clothing, the cars, the furniture or the haircuts. I guess the series was probably influenced by TV production series for adolescents from that time, featuring a mixture of fantasy, Sci-Fi and lots of pop scientific-philosophical mumbo-jumbo. The dialogue between the Stranger and the Watchmaker in episode 8 or 9 really is very characteristic in that respect. I wouldn't be surprised if production team were people my age, around 45 who grew up then... Saw it on Netflix Popular Programmes and turned on the first episode and I was hooked! The way the director has woven the story of three generations is brilliant and will keep you glued to your seats. This series has brought the concept of time travel to us in a new light. There have been several movies and TV series about time travel but DARK is different. The idea that a massive amount of nuclear energy opened up a portal which broke through time is amazing. Acting is ten on ten. Music and editing of this TV series is spot on! Can't wait for season 2! i have been through the first 5 episodes and i have to say that so face its exceptionally good. Cinematography is very good, i would say at a level of 8, meaning 10 being of Revenant and Bird-man. Music choices are awesome, top notch, very good. its a science fiction and i would say music level is 9, and 10 be the best i have ever listened to with co- relation with the scenes. The Best Thing about this show is that familiarity with young and older version of the same character, these look so authentic that only the movie boyhood had these better ( because that movie was made in 15 years and young and older versions of the characters were the exact same people) but there these are different people and i would say i have been never been satisfied with young and old versions of the same characters in my life ( exception being boyhood but that cant be compared to the rest of the movies and shows cause movie and show cant be made in 10 to 30 years gaps), but this was the only time i said " this is awesome , this is the dream come true, that's what i always used say to my self that young and old versions of characters should look alive". this show on technicality level a dream come true. Some reviewers claim this miniseries is a German remake of 'Stranger Things'. There are those who dispute that. I haven't seen 'Stranger Things', but what difference does it make? There are no new ideas, only recycled old ones. Some complain about the overbearing soundtrack. Since it is a German program, if the music bothers you use the subtitles and mute the sound; problem solved. You will find no spoilers here, the only thing I will mention is the sun never shines in Winden, and it rains 90% of the time. I wouldn't give away any plot lines even if I could, mainly because it is impossible to explain what happens. Obviously, there is a time machine involved and characters come and go, first young, then aging 33 years and back again. It is hard enough to keep track of everyone, since the story bounces from 2019 back to 1986, and then adds 1953 just to confuse the viewer even more. I watched the entire series, thinking all would become clear by the end...no such luck. If it had been easy to figure out I would have given the series a 9 or 10. So if you have 8 plus hours to watch this and you can figure out what the heck is going on, more power to you, because I was left in 'The Dark'! I'm writing this review after watching season 1 and 2 completely. Its outstanding and possibly one of the best tv series you'll ever see I have ever seen. Every single episodes was full of twists and turns<br/><br/>
If you're looking for a mind-bending sci-fi with extremely clever writing and plot pay-offs, an awesome soundtrack, beautiful cinematography, and an incredible cast, then this is your show!<br/><br/>For those who ever wondered egg came first or chicken, this series is for you. Acting is perfect, scenario is amazing. You'll want more every time you watched an episode. 10/10 storyline
10/10 Graphics
10/10 Sound and music
10/10 Drama
10/10 Mistry I just opened an IMDB account because I had to write my feelings about the show. This show was such an amazing experience for me personally and I have no words to how much I enjoyed it. You probably may have to take some time to remember all the characters and their relationships but once you get deep, it's an absolute joy. Casting is brilliant and the pace is perfect. The characters' connections are a bit confusing to understand but very intriguing and enjoyable. And the great thing is, Season 2 is a lot more fun and thrilling. It ends on season 3 according to Netflix which probably indicates a well written ending and I can't wait to watch it. One big recommendation to give is that you have to watch it with the original audio(German) and a subtitle. This series is worth every second of your time and I just can't wait to see how it ends. Think, die some brain cells, and the play is over. It starts great! I couldn't believe what I was watching during the first episodes( out of excitement), I started to believe it in the middle of the season and at the end I couldn't believe how it turned out to be:P There is a bit too much going on, a bit too many insignificant details and no actual evolving of the story. I m getting too many Lost vibes in this. I m not sure they are going to be able to explain all this. The end of the season was also a bit disappointing since it did not give the necessary explanations nor did it end with an impressive cliffhanger.
Don't get me wrong, I still liked the series but I guess I had too high expectations because of the first episodes. 
P.S. I: Most of the cast is exceptionally good!
P.S. II: Why does it rain every day? :XD The negative reviews I've read come from people that clearly were not smart enough to understand this series. That or they were too lazy to read the subtitles and be able to enjoy it. One proclaims the characters are similar, well yes it is the same exact character in a different time period so yeah they're gonna seem similar. I am not finished with the series but so far it is amazing! I pegged the whole time travel and shadiness with the power plant pretty quickly but it's shot beautifully and the tone is, well, dark! Can't wajt to finish! I also see there's a season 2 coming, don't know if that will work well but again I'm not complete with season 1 so we shall see. If you're deciding weather or not to watch a series with subtitles believe me it's worth it and you barely notice it, there's not much dialogue you have to read anyways. Now I'm set on watching another foreign series on Netflix I've been putting off because of the subtitles but this has shown me it's a non issue! All I can say is WOW. I must admit I was skeptical about watching a series that was not in English with subtitles and/or voice over, yes it was strange in the beginning but you get used to it (I watched on Netflix with the voice over). The storyline is brilliant and if you love muder mysteries and si-fi this will be right up your alley. The the writing is thrilling, suspenseful and keeps you wanting more; the setting(scenery) is so beautiful yet gives that creepy feel that goes so well with the storyline; and last bot not least the actors and voice over actors did a spectacular job.
The camera work and music is well done, and does not have that low budget feel to it at all. I cannot wait for more . Maybe most of people say this series is like stranger things but It's nothing like that except it happens in a small city. this is very interesting and also meaningful story and makes you thing about the universe, god and,,, the acting is very good and the sound and music are perfect. I believe this series deserve more than 9. but maybe some people give it low because It is a german series. and sure this series is not for children minds! One of the best things I have seen so far. Acting, I couldn't ask for more,perfection! Idea is top. German actors change my mind the way I see them in the future. Soundtracks of the movie are unbelievable good. Mystery-Sci-fi fans will love it. If you didn't watch it, it's a MUST! Breathtaking show. So easy ,it deserve 10 stars from me. Although widely compared to Stranger Things, Dark is in every aspect different from Stranger Things in every way possible. It is almost better and more enjoyable than Stranger Things in many ways. This German thriller is one of the best Mystery Thriller TV Series ever. It's amazing plot and several timelines in the plot makes it go from confusing to more of interesting. Green flagged by Netflix, I hope it gets the wider acclaim not only for its awesomeness, but also for its wonderful direction, soundtrack and acting portrayed by the cast. Waiting for an amazing season 2. I will not say much! But...<br/><br/>Actors 10/10. They play really good! I have seen before german movies with good actors they might have a tradition I think.<br/><br/>Scenario 10/10. It was a very difficult scenario to be so well structured and without plot holes. The writing was simply amazing.<br/><br/>Soundtrack 10/10. The soundtrack is wonderful and put you into the mood.<br/><br/>Direction 8-9/10, It was a few times that I didn't like it but still is very good.<br/><br/>Hope we will see more from german tv or cinema. Sometimes they really do some masterpieces! First of all, this is a great series, and totally different from Stranger Things. Dark is more gritty, darker, intelligent and mature in terms of genre, acting and characters.<br/><br/>Dark is set in a village with complex characters and even more complex relations, after a suicide and the disappearance of a young kid. As with every revealed secret, a new secret arrivÃ©s, time travel teaches us that the complex relations cross the limits of space and time which forces situations to not only happen, but also to happen again every 33 years.<br/><br/>Dark succeeds thanks to brilliant acting, by decent characters, a great atmosphere and complex storylines and development that are far from superficial. The amount of intertwined personalities and relations are astonishing, and are living proof of the brilliance of the shows creators. The con however, is that the show becomes overcomplicated in its attempts to remain in mystery.<br/><br/>With that it falls in the same trap as Lost did. By creating more questions than answers. Most questions are solved in science and creativity, but it adds mysticism when in the end the show tries to explain itself in terms of good and evil, which detracts from thriller and science. And even than, more questions make sure that the time loop continues, rather than ending it. The biggest question is to leave the show be and accept the open parts, or try to answer all questions in a new season where all loose ends are tied into new complex intertwined (sub)stories? SPOILERS FOR ALL OF THE FIRST SEASON<br/><br/>Well it started off quite good with interesting characters, a lot of mysteries and some supernatural events but it began to stretch the plot and after a while it gets ridiculous.....It starts like sci fi but then they mention god, the antichrist ( at this part I cringed at the ridiculousness ) and they start saying philosophical nonsense all the time.... It gets repetitive and dull. After episode 6 almost every character no matter the timeline keeps repeating that we dont choose what we do everything is predetermined and nonsense like this. OK WE GET IT EVERYHING IS PREDETERMINED STOP REPEATING!!! So the basic problems are: repetition, this ridiculous stretching of the story and characters and maybe theoritically the science makes sense but the actions and motives of the characters don't. Because of these problems the result is that it has no ups and downs. It becomes flat. It kind of makes you want to sleep because nothing makes sense any more, there are too many characters, they all repeat the same thing and aparently there is nothing anyone can do to change it. And that's exactly what happens. Half of the characters trying to change things and the other half tries to fix it. But no one takes a breath and wonders what's happening and no one acts like a human being. I mean everyone wants to be a hero and a savior. YOU CANT ALL BE HEROES!!! Some people just want to live their freaking lives. The philosophical mumbo jumbo really bothered me and they reminded me of another big failure, west world. This show was filled with nonsense. I just think that many things weren't necessary they keep on adding stuff and characters dragging stories mixing timelines, come on......Less is more......and in the end you get a post apocalyptic future??? Ahha hhah ha hah....Anyway yeah you get the idea a big dissapointment for me because they really could do better and we get something that is close to the average indie style ( or whatever you call what is not mainstream in English ) philosophical sci fi mess.... I read so many reviews and waited long to watch this show. Wondering the hype, I had to force myself to grind through the first three episodes. This isn't just for me. They place viewers with so much suspense and barred music as if something thrilling is worth the wait; only to keep someone in a bypassed state of what just happened kinda question. The characters are not interesting and the dub is ðŸ‘Ž. The plot progression is extremely slow and feels forced.
Maybe I'll give it another try with the sub in a distant future. This show has a potential to go forever, if you know what I mean. Very, very confusing and a fair few things made absolutely no sense. Throw on top of that some terrible dubbed American voices and you've got this show. It's trying incredibly hard to be artsy and different but overall it just doesn't work. Viewing also caused my mum to become quite aggy, which is never good. I'd say avoid if you value your time. P.S there is nothing wrong with subtitles, dubbing is bad! First season is easily 9 stars: Intricate, clever and original.
I forgot how much wtf element was present when first season ended, and I happily let my brain being scorched by the second season.
Until... well, you will watch it anyway. I know I will watch third season simply to see if it all magically fits, or gets wrecked completely. I just wish I could travel back 10 hours in my past to tell my younger self no to watch this show. Unfortunately my mother used the last of my cesium and could not use my travel machine :(
Btw: we get it nuclear energy is bad. Very very bad :p I must say, you need to be patient initially.... And it pays later...... Amazing series.
Definitely go for it!! This show is really incredible in how it keeps your attention so well AND gets you to remember the massive cast. If you have the time before season 3 comes out- do it. One thing, however, if the fact that it's in German deters you, the dub is not terrible, although I have heard that the actual audio is quite good.
Only reason I'm doing 9/10 is because 1) 10/10s are given way too often and I don't really believe in them and 2) there's quite a bit of sex scenes that are kind of pointless and really distracting and awkward. This series is a masterpiece in fictional genre. I just have finished 1 season & it was very excellent. It will definitely provoke your curiosity in various science theories. It will gives you a very different perspective to looks towards life. It's not the German version of strange stories. The continuous rain can keep you in the plot. The yellow raincoat, the Yellow nuclear waste bucket, the school door frame in the haze, all are so restrained. The recurrent nuclear power plant chimneys, the roads in the forest, are closely related to all segments of people's lives. As Goethe said in one of the episodes, the whole episode is like Bach's music. It's not the German version of strange stories. The continuous rain can keep you in the plot. The yellow raincoat, the Yellow nuclear waste bucket, the school door frame in the haze, all are so restrained. The recurrent nuclear power plant chimneys, the roads in the forest, are closely related to all segments of people's lives. As Goethe said in one of the episodes, the whole episode is like Bach's music It was damn hard for me to start this tv series because it was compared to stranger things.<br/><br/>Even though i liked stranger things, i dont want to see the same kind of tv series.<br/><br/>I am glad, i watch this tv series because its totally a different genre alltogether.<br/><br/>ITS a puzzle genre...you might have to use your brain a lot..<br/><br/>To make it easy, you can download the family tree pic from the google.<br/><br/>Season 1 is all about question and season 2 is all about answers.<br/><br/>This is a must watch series...if you are fan of suspense and time travelling for sure..<br/><br/>The reason i cant give a 10 because no show is ever perfect... What a series with a tremendously written screenplay on a powerful script and superb background score...must watch from Netflix The first German Netflix Original show is a MUST SEE, especially if you are into time traveling stories. You will definitely have to be attentive while watching, it is a bit complicated, but it is SO WORTH IT! the revelations and twists in this show are unbelievable and you won't know what hit you! Great imagination with Science..!! Best Thriller Ever This show is everything, The relation between the scenes so amazing. First time watching s1 ep 1-2 is a bit bored but then the best story is after that. You couldn't stop watching after the episode end. It keeps you wondering how, who, what and WHEN would happen next. Just watch it and you ll love it So this show starts with a similar vibes as that of stranger things but then it gradually evolves into way more serious,dark and complex series.The concept of time travel eventhough not new but this series takes it onto a whole new level.The casting is so perfectly done.Its a must watch. This one is definitely best series of 2019. Everything about it is just next level. I rarely see science fiction drama series but this series made me speeches with it's accuracy. Perfectly written and acted by all the actors. Well directed. Truly acting was interesting part of series. So many facets has been covered in only 18 episodes. The accurate content was just extra ordinary and fabulous. Dialogues and viewpoints regarding time was just awesome. The best time traveling series.<br/><br/>However the music and short songs were somehow irrelevant to the scenes. At the end of second season i felt series was a bit slow to deliver the content. Scenes have been changed so forthwith that made it quite more confusing.<br/><br/>Overall it was fantastic and superb series and regrettable to miss it. Waiting for last and final season 3. THE BEST SERIES EVER MADE IN THE WORLD. I am not into sci fi series but this one is the greatest. One just cannot compare this series with any other . This is a next level thing. Despite the fact of Hollywood ruling the movies/series industry and being a German series to win many watcher's heart
is itself a masterpiece. Each episode revealing new suspense keep its viewers attached to it along with the actors acting amazingly. It is must watch for those who admire Sci-fi genre and something new than America. Nothing you will read online will do this show justice.
The story is like nothing that has been done before and delves into (quite troubling) time paradoxes. The acting is phenomenal, the atmosphere foreboding and without equal.<br/><br/>Categorising this as "sci-fi, drama, crime, mystery" belittles the story of this show. Simply put, this is a story where time travel exists, and has created absolutely sickening and horrifying paradoxes. I won't write more to not spoil, but you will feel the emotions of the characters...The surprise, the sadness, the rage.<br/><br/>I can't wait for S3 to see the epic conclusion of this.
All you can think after watching this show is the uncomfortable implications of it. "Is Time actually God" and "are we just pawns of time"? A dark Back to the future mixed with overtones of Stranger Things - although this is mainly because of the 80's being one of the pasts revisited. I am in awe of the writers as the plot is so complex and tense but always character driven. It's a must see and can t wait until season 3. Powerful - Masterpiece - Pictures - Music - Actors - Idea - everything is One and One is everything...can't wait for the 3rd season Definitely a movie you to pay attention to but worth bing-watching. I can't wait for another season. Everything about this series is captivating and intrigues you, as soon as you start watching it. Up until this point (end of Season 2), Dark has not disappointed me one single bit. I enjoyed every single episode! The plot is amazing, the whole time "puzzle" keeps surprising me every time something new is revealed, like a new piece of it has revealed something much bigger and interesting. Fantastic writing, great characters, amazing atmosphere... I really love everything they've done here.<br/><br/>If season 3 keeps the same quality of previous season, it will most certainly be my #1 TV Show. I love it, and hope they give it a proper ending! The best serie i have ever watched because this script very interesting.I watched 8 episode one day Weeks after I finished it , I couldn't get it off my mind ! Every detail is perfect ! Amazing !!! This show is like looking at a piece of German woodwork with an eerie past from centuries ago. Incomprehensibly intricate and beautifully detailed, with all the while, a dark history connected to it that gives it almost a personality for itself - like it's looking back at you. I'm certain I would have liked this series if I wasn't on lockdown in my own home with my family for a month, but I feel like the relevance of context might mean something to other viewers who are looking for something to watch. Dark is complex and engaging; I had to go back to certain episodes to study faces and names so I could keep track of storylines. It's a great puzzle. I find that I don't have a lot of patience anymore for banal narratives--I need to feel *engaged* in order to commit to a series. Readers: this series is one that won't let you down.<br/><br/>Other tips: watch it in German and read the subtitles. Overdubbed English ruins it. The soundtrack is a bit oppressive, but it also fits. Don't watch it all at once. Give yourself time to think it over. I'd say limit it to three episodes at one time. It's a lot to take in! I don't have words to express this series...This is a masterpiece made by the netflix..Loved this series.. Guyzz just watch it I'm only in it a few episodes deep, but the style, cinematography, music and sound is just breathtaking.
It's done with so much eye for detail!
It's even no punishment to watch intro and end credits. Love it!
It's compared to Stranger things, but I've seen this and I liked it (7/10), but there is no comparison possible. It's simply in a league on it's own, One of the best sci-fi thrillers on Netflix! It is mind boggling and addictive. The story line might be a bit difficult to understand for a few but watch it till you get the story because once you understand how everyone is connected in this series, you will seriously be fu**ed. I really want the new season soon. There is simply nothing bad I can say about this masterpiece. Everything is pitched quite perfect. The acting, even of children actors, is better then everything I saw from hollywood productions in the last 33 years. No overacting at all, the opposit is true- you can learn here what good acting is about.<br/><br/>But be aware: you need to have an IQ above 75 to get all the details and the complexity of the story, otherwise you will give this an one star rating, as so many of the stupid haters here. So, if you like shows like the witcher or you need explosions and one dimensional characters, this is not for you!<br/><br/>Only sad thing about this show is that we all have to wait for a very long time to see a quality production like Dark.<br/><br/>Hands down, Hut ab, and big applause for every single one who is and was involved in this! I found the story very gripping and the whole idea of time travel very interesting. I binge watched almost the entire first season in a single day.
Season 2 was easier to watch because I was already familiar with the characters and how things work, but the ending left me even more confused than the ending of season 1.<br/><br/>I don't give it a 10/10 because at some points it was difficult to remember all the characters and the relationships between them and some characters' intentions were confusing. Also, in the first season, there was a bit too much suspenseful music.<br/><br/>But, overall, it is one of the best TV series I have ever seen. Very enjoyable and intriguing to watch, although if you try to think more in depth to understand how the time travel works, the whole idea of future influencing the past and vice versa doesn't make that much sense. By far the best show on Netflix. The casting is brilliant as well. You do have to concentrate though. I will re-watch this show again and again. Brilliant. There are truly no words that can accurately describe this tv series. You lose yourself in this world. The story tellers trust their audience enough to do whatever the hell they want however the hell they want to do it. The story, despite the content matter flows naturally and made me personally believe in such thing as time travel. I just wish game of thrones hired these writers to write properly finish off the time travel aspect of game of thrones as I think GRRM is writing something very similar.
You MUST watch this in German with subs The series is nothing but mind-blowing .I would've rated this with 11 starts if i had an option. One of the best series that I've ever seen. First, watch it in German, not dubbed, you will need to be more focused but it is worth it.<br/><br/>Without spoiling any of the experience, I can say that the series manages to interwine multiple storylines into one in such a masterfull way that it is not difficult to follow.
I am putting a special accent on this, as it features many characters. This means that characters might feel under developed, but you just wait, everything will be so much clearer and the characters motives explained.<br/><br/>Another thing that I like is that it does not make you want to watch it by hiding plotlines and twists, it just simply unfolds them as needed.<br/><br/>It is a sci-fi series which relies heavily on family drama.<br/><br/>The cast couldn't be better. If we're comparing to American tv shows, you will notice that the older cast has wrinkles and they suit their age, while the teenagers don't have any wrinkles, what I am trying to say is they don't all look like they are 27.<br/><br/>Again, this is the best tv show in the sci-fi genre that manages quite successfully to cover thematics that so far no other show or movie has been able to avoid huge plot holes. I cannot stress this enough.<br/><br/>The soundtrack as amazing.<br/><br/>The only thing I don't completely understand is why it is called Dark. I believe that every movie or series is a work of art. If it isn't art, then its just fun. The beauty of every art lies in the perception of the audience who watch them. "Dark" is undoubtedly the most amazing series i have ever watched. It has complexity, story line is solid, shots are gripping and gives a sense of awe to the audience. From my perspective ( being interested in sci-fi mystery ) , this series was able to capture my complete attention and left a long lasting impression.
I gave it a 10 star rating as this TV show ruined my life as i can not watch any other TV shows anymore as i am expecting this level of complexity which suites my taste. Thanks to the makers !! It's the only TV series I have ever rated 10. If you are a fan of any one of these like thriller, suspence, mystery, Sci fi you better give this one a chance. This TV series will keep you on your toes. I am somewhat obsessed with time travel concept movies or series but I was actually blown away by the concept of this series, especially the Seond Season.<br/><br/>This is certainly one of the most gripping, shocking, unexpected yet convincing series I have seen. I just loved the storytelling, acting, background music and the cinematography.<br/><br/>Dark is certainly on another level. Lets me start by saying .. i wish i can delete my memory so i can watch it again.
Absoulotly amazing, this is a great show with many twists.
everything the acting, directing, story, sound effects and OMG the soundtracks.
not everyone will love it its a love it or hate it series.
by far my #1 series.
the first time i have seen 5 epeisodes of a series on one take.
season 1 is a MASTERPIECE 10/10
season 2 is also really darn good. 9/10 One of the best series of all time .amazing series. Can't describe it .. Amazing sci-fi with a good cast and great storyline. Some time I got confused with their names when there otherself is shown, but the time paradox thing is just amazing. I hope they bring the new season soon. This show is really something else! It's full of mystery, you can't really asume the plot by yourself, it's full of suspense, your mind will get blown after discovering certain facts! A very unique presentation of time traveling! Amazing cast! Overall a great show! Badly waiting for season 3 Dark was mindblowing masterpiciece, just like you can read in all the other comments here. Kudos Netflix!.<br/><br/>First as I created my Netflix account few years ago, I was kind of dissapointed. They had ony few popular movies, none of the top tv-series and their own productions weren't good at that time.
Meanwhile, while other similar platforms are struggling to get customers by buying expencive rights to stream a single blockbuster, Netflix productions have gotten so good that people are getting accounts just to be able to watch netflix own productions. They are starting to be the only thrue competition to Hollywood and HBO. Hell, Netflix is allready better.
And the fact, that Netflix is bringing so much good international stuff makes the offer so much wider and opens new possibilities of watching expieriences. I acctually am considering learning some new foreign languages just to be able to watch some Netflix productions without subtitles. Hollywood and HBO watch out, you are getting borring! I'm obsessed. Gets better and better as the series progresses. The end of s2 was such a surprise. It's just amazing film making. Incredible cast, beautiful writing and direction. Each time period is so perfectly captured and immediately translates the differences to the viewer. I can't get enough of this series. S3 looks like it will be even more incredible. The 'Dark' captivated me since the episode one,season one and it still continues to captivate me.Dark is a combination of drama, horror and science fiction, where those ingredients are used in the right quantities to make an exceptional production.I like the really dark ,depressive and creepy atmosphere of the series.The evolution of the story in each episode keeps me interested and curious about what is going to happen next.I like it. If you are a time travel fan this show has the best offer!! Even if you don't like time travel the show is worth it. This show portrays time travel at its best. Can't wait for season 3!! Finally season 2 is released 👉( 'v' )👈
Yeaaaa yuuuuuu It's a beautifully twisted look into time travel and consequence. If you enjoy international creations, then this is definitely for you. Exciting it will be to see how the second season can carry the amazing weight of the first. Not having heard or read anything about this series before, I popped it on Netflix just for 'something to watch'. The first episode, although intriguing didn't really grasp me, I sat there and thought, 'oh look, another creepy crime drama'. It wasn't until a couple weeks later I thought i'd continue on to the second episode, and my goodness am I glad that I did. A new element is brought into the second episode and it changes the whole narrative through out the series. That was it. I was hooked. It has a very thorough and constructed storyline, dark and gritty picture and the music is stunning. Granted, you meet a lot of characters, so it does require your full attention but it's totally worth it. <br/><br/>If you like Donnie Darko and Stranger Things, you'll love this! 
Can't wait for Season 2! I really like this series, it's interesting and intriguing.
The character H.G. Tannhaus interests me most, did the writer watch Blade Runner and is he making reference to Roy Batty's (Rutger Hauer) monologue towards the end of this movie. I believe he is. 
Futhermore I like the slow pace and dark ( sinister ) atmosphere. The 1st three episodes dit not really do it for me, but now I cannot wait for tonight and watch the final 2 episodes, I think this deserves the foreign film Oscar next year -- very well done.<br/><br/>Top notch acting by all characters in all 3 times! The story line also added up fantastically in the end (I was suspicious that it would all along though :)<br/><br/>Next season should be in English - subtitles are a pain in the butt! ;) The show is too slow. Too many characters, so they must share little screen time. So why would i care about what happens to them?
Good job about making all that complicated story to be consistent, however.
I'm surprised so many people gave it such a high rating. I wouldn't even finish the whole 1st season if not by that. Felt boring most of the time. I suppose that people just like a lot the mistery and darkness of the series, and to see how miserable is the life of the characters in this small town. There is very high production value. Scenes are shot well, drone shots are beautiful, sound track is professional. Everything else is a shallow version of Stranger Things mixed with True Detective. This is not a sci-fi show. This is not a mystery show. This is not a crime show. Much like True Detective, the show creators use a crime/mystery plot to just tell the story of families and their relationships. Through 6 episodes, there are only hints and fragments of time travel and nefarious/dark plot points. The writers could have EASILY fit everything that has happened thus far into two episodes or less. Cliche characters. Acting is okay - I still don't have a care about any of them though. That's probably due to the fact that we cut from scene to scene after about 45 seconds of mostly dullness. What takes the cake in eyeroll, however, is whoever scored this. My gosh, there's a bass drop or eerie orchestra playing EVERY. SINGLE. SCENE. Man locks his car *BOOOOOOM* girl laces up shoes *oooooooeeeeeeEEEEHHHH* boy walks to school *BOOOOOOM* It's so much more distracting and lame than any laugh track I've heard on a sitcom. It's not a bad show but man, it's really not as good as it looks. There's little if any plot, very little character development and little tension or much to drive the story forward. It's an ordinary soap opera told in three parts in three time sequences all tangled up and told forward and backward. The series is more of a puzzle to see if you can follow it. The reward isn't the story or the characters it's seeing if you can figure out WTF is going on and who is what character in any given scene. Is the best way to describe this show, even if it did have some cool ideas.
It's not as smart as it thinks it is, not nearly enough to justify the SLOW slow burn pace.
A solid OK out of 10 Although it's look like copy of strangers thing, but still I place it above then ST Yes, it is dark, what did you expect? The writing is mostly good. At one point a lost boy enters a police station. After a brief conversation with a police officer, the officer incredibly leaves the boy alone in the station. Yeah right. Not believable at all. Time travel if it were at all possible would be chaotic. If one could imagine an impossible mobious strip of possibilities and continuatilities. That would be an indefinite increment to this shows possibilities. Time travel muddles the mind. A trifecta limits our understanding of time and space but this show lets common folk understand its complexity by introducing a third reality. But on that note it complicates it. A fourth dimension is added at the end of the second season. Such is all applicable regarding time. But all can be lost in such turn of events. A mobious strip is what the show reminded me of. But human play had a hand. So how many times can a mobious strip be twisted until it collapses. None the less this show shows me that time is fluid, It minimizes human err by choice and dedicated action and thus leads to a continuity of a story, until the wrench is thrown in of course. I expected to second season had better finishing and conclusion . However I love this phenomenal creature Beautiful photography, really interesting and intriguing plot and really good actors. I just love it. Has everything, the mystery, the strangeness, the excitement. Inheretence of Twin Peaks but makes a special moments for itself so it can stand alone. Simply a master piece. This was a mind blowing experience! I did not expect that much from this series. From very beginning to the last, i was totally hooked. It's part atmospheric horror, part spooky supernatural drama in a suburban setting and last but not the least , a sci-fi noir. A pure gem. Eagerly waiting for next season. With all the raving reviews in here i feel i have to give my perspective.<br/><br/>Everyone is entitled to their own opinion but i just don't see what a lot of other people apparently see in this.
Understand me correct, i can see the appeal and i don't think it is horrible in any way. It is just not THAT good.
There are several things that make me say this and they are as follows:
1. The acting is ok... but not better than just.. ok. Some are better than others though. Many of the actors just wasn't convincing for me... could be the writing of characters that is lacking.
2. The writing/the story. The way it is told is just too slow and often made me lose interest. To much of the time it is just images and sound and too little explanation to make you crave for more.
3. Ok this one i know is the problem with every show/movie about this subject. But the lack of attempt to explain it... "it is just a paradox...". No it is 100 plot holes that aren't explained. As with all time travel fiction... it just doesn't add up or make sense and they don't even try to explain it.
4. The soundtrack is horrible and too loud/intrusive. And it is like they try to make every single scene more dramatic than it is by blasting it out all the time.<br/><br/>I watched the entire first season and at no point did i feel i watched something that was more than just above average.
Anyways. There are good things also. I just wanted to give another angle from someone who wasn't overly impressed. These reviews look REALLY fake to me. I think it is okay. Moody, decent acting. It has a few plot holes that are really implausible to the point that they are distracting. Why was Ulrich looking alone in the tunnel with just a flashlight when the police and lights were all just outside? Wouldn't the tunnel be the first place you look for Mikkel? Then when they find the hidden door, why not have the police just come and open it? It's not on the plant property and there's a missing boy, so I think you don't need search warrant. Oh, and about that, how does plant management have the right to "refuse" a search warrant? That's kinda how that type of thing works. If you can get around those types of things, it's worth using up an airport delay for it. The cinematography is well done, actors are good.
The story is unnecessary complicated, and way too much caracters. Its impossible to care about any of them because you don't have time to even get to know them.
Starts way to slow, doesn't answer the question why the kids had to die. Just because of the "loophole" not an answer. They didn't even tell us that Charlotte doesn't know her parents and when they did they answerd this in 10 minutes. How shoulf I care about this information if I didn't even know the lack of it. The scary/suspicious music is way to overused even in situation when its not necessary. This show is a good idea but not as good as people rate it. Good cinematography, that's all this show has going for it. Poor soundtrack selection, shallow and cliched plot. Becomes more disappointing as you watch more episodes. Too many similar characters to keep track of which makes it difficult to follow the story. Many of these characters appear in the past as current. Some of the acting really feels like acting and some scenes have no added value at all. These scenes keep on sitting in your head because you expect that later on they will get some meaning. It is an annoying show to watch. Bogus physics that do not even require junior high credentials to completely reject drive a very narrow and unimaginative story which feel like watching the Little Flintstones, where every grown up character is exactly mimicked by a younger version of themselves, and the relationships are linear.. All the pseudo science is thrown in a bunch that probably no one on the team even feels like trying to make sense of. Twin Peaks, this is not even close. And rubik cube aside, it should not be mentioned in the same sentence as Stranger Things. Really like this show. However I feel like this always raises more questions than it answers! There's such a thing as too much mystery.. I feel season 2 didn't solve much of anything really and was frustrated by the end of the season. Great music and cinematography though, and love the editing scenes. The actors in it are absolutely brilliant, love the old/young casting they have got it so spot on especially ulrich and mikkel.
Definitely recommend this as a good sci fi programme and if you want your mind boggled.
I watched with German audio and English subtitles, the English dub over was awful Absolutely masterful in suspense and mystery, a great story. The casting is excellent too, both in the acting skills and how they manage to find people that look exactly like their older/younger versions. It's nice the actors look like real people, and not sort-of-models in the same vanilla beauty kind of way.<br/><br/>However, the more the story progresses, the more the series writes itself into a corner. (You'll know what I mean when you watch it.) The final episode of season two feels like the writers were totally out of ideas and had to come up with something outlandish to 'fix' the plothole they created themselves. Really enjoyed this. If you like Stranger Things this blows it out of the water.
Hope there's a second season coming! Everything is copy of a copy, we already know it. But when it comes to serving the food remaining from 50 years ago to the audience as if it were fresh out of the oven, and taking 50 minutes from their lives for that in every episode, it is far beyond being just a copy.<br/><br/>And what's even worse, seeing no significant thing but (so called) strange time&space-related events and bootstrap paradox in 1 minute after 49 minutes of tension shows one thing: they were actually intended to shoot a Brazilian soap opera but then changed their mind. Soundtrack 10/10
Plot 6/10 (very dependent on taste - e.g. Breaking Bad is a 10/10 no matter the taste)
Characters 5/10
Cinematography 8.5/10 I thought this series could be promising after reading the description here and seeing the ratings but with great difficutly I could watch six episodes in season 1. I could not watch anymore. The storytelling was so boring and predictable. After watching the first episode I compared it to Twin Peaks set in forest town, every one knows everyone but quickly regretted and ashamed of myself that I even compared this show to Twin Peaks. Anyone who compares this show to Twin Peak should be equally ashamed of doing such an injustice to someone like David Lynch.<br/><br/>Can someone tell me why this show is so overrated and people are so raving about it? Are they really serious or do they think they are only capable enough to read between the lines, connect the characters, predict the story? Warning...major season 2 spoiler
All the storylines are perfectly written using the bootstrap paradox,linear time and predestination paradox...other than the " Charlotte and Elisabeth gave birth to each other" thing
For humans it's practically impossible
Elisabeth is a mix of peter and Charlotte's DNA
Let's say A+B In different percentages gave a combination called AB which is
Peter+ Charlotte =Elisbeth<br/><br/>You can't use AB + Noah let's call him N
To get A or be again
But rather an (ABN) mix
Unless it's a plan for further writing
Human DNA doesn't work this way
You can't give birth to your own mother for him to give birth to you
Doesn't happen and can't happen ever based on the human concept of (two people mating to get a third one) This show is great and still has a lot of potential. I just hope the multi-world setup is not an easy way out to explain why both the "good" and "bad" sides have chosen to make their younger selves follow history. The astonishing things about the series are the plot and story. Also the way story reveals secret is amazing it keeps you guessing all the time. Although few might feel the series is bit slow but the background music keeps you engaged into it. All characters are well played by the actors, one can feel the similarity between a character in different time period. Man! I just loved the series. Sometimes watching some other series I usually get bored but DARK was different every episode had an other level of suspense and I don't have anything to say! I JUST LOVED THE SHOW! From start to finish one of the most incredible pieces of tv making I have seen. Every aspect from the clever and often mind bending eerie music, exceptional cast, storyline, seemless Integration from scene to scene and character to character. Can't say enough about this show & roll on season 3 in June. Watched 1000's shows and don't recall rating a 10. It's just that spectacular. Be warned though you cannot lose attention for a second. Literally blink too long & you may miss something. Brilliant brilliant brilliant It doesn't happen often these days that a movie or show can keep my focus for more than 20 minutes. But Dark sure did! And that's for the best as you really need a lot of concentration and you need to keep track of all the information to keep up with this storyline. It's a bit confusing at times. That's when you wish you had some kind of of all the characters ðŸ˜‚. But the confusion never lasts for long because the story is really well put together and they feed you the right information at the right place. I just watched the first season and have to say: what a good mix of successful elements from other series I used to watch! Dark has been a pleasure to watch with twists and a complicated script that was well thought out. The disappointing part of the show is it appears to only run 3 seasons. Please consider renewing for additional seasons! I could have given 10/10 but there are some unsatisfying moments in the series which seems to be totally irrational.
I think makers have saved their wild cards for the season 3 but untill then this is my ratings for the series. I expected to second season had better finished and conclusion still i love this phenomenal creature My new game of thrones,sadly just 3 season.Cant describe it in words just go and watch.yeah ..its dark The Dark is an amazing sci-fi series in an ordinary world. The environments, the strong vivid characters, the music, the lightning and the filming and the capturing of different times makes this a very beautiful saga. The only exception is the future in the 2nd season - the strength of the writers and the rest of the crew seems to be depicting the past, not imagining the future.<br/><br/>The German language is actually a big plus, the dialog feels fresh and not burdened by cliche phrases.<br/><br/>The plot is really great. One of the very few series and films that doesn't mess up the time-travel aspect. Tth uwue uwue queiw is the season is a game like a dream of a game of game Normally i don't care much for german television productions (usually there are really better ways to waste your time), but this one got me hooked. Interesting plot, overall very well written - except for the dialogue, which is pretty wooden and just not well done. The (for the most part) mediocre (some times even bad) actors doesn't make it better of course. Besides these minor flaws we got a well done production here. On par with the best, i dare to say. The story develops with nice pacing. Cinematography is great and the score atmospheric and catchy (sometimes a little overused maybe, but overall brillant). Just finished the 2nd season and really looking forward for the 3rd. Bravo! In short: If you're into sci-fi and time travel stories, DARK blows everything you've ever seen or read out of the water.<br/><br/>In detail: I'm from germany and believe me, we're not blessed with lots of high quality shows. DARK is a german show and I was very sceptical when I heard the buzz. But I gave it a chance, and I was floored. This story is executed with so much love to detail, with so much passion in the writing, delivered by perfectly chosen actors, and it accomplishes everything so many failed to do before. This is everything you ever wanted. You can drop names like Dick, Asimov, Clarke, and you'll hit the nail on the head. Throw in some Nolan for good measure. I've read them all, seen them all, and DARK is fully on par.<br/><br/>This is no action flick, this is classic sci-fi in perfection. You'll need to stay alert all time, because of the complexity of the story. If the english dub is really that bad as I've read here (didn't try it), watch it in german with subtitles. Nearly every word has a meaning, every character has a purpose, and you'll have to follow with all your attention.<br/><br/>Just finished season 2, and it is even better than season 1. If they can keep up this level for the final season 3, and it really seems like they can, DARK might become THE BEST TIME TRAVEL STORY EVER WRITTEN. Incredible, binged it in one week then rewatched a bit slower over the next week or two. Very good show, I normally focus on stuff I did not like when writing reviews, but I honestly loved close to everything. Looking forward to future seasons.<br/><br/>Side note: I saw some other reviews comparing it to Stranger Things, while I can see where they might get that idea, it really is not a fair comparison. Both shows are good but they really are not similar. Actually already wrote a comment, but I have to another comment on this show! Also, others like this. I love a story that draws me in. Into the characters syoryline, when u can feel what feelings are being portrayed! I have noticed when ppl think a show is to slow, empathy is involved, also thought! A show that makes u think and gives u time to explore those thoughts as it goes. These are the shows that get cancelled ! Today, it's CGI and fast paced TV . If ppl have to think, it's not welcome and doesn't last long! This is a sad fact that I hate! I always think I could write some storylines for this!, I'm putting this out there for the ppl who agree with this statement and the ones that don't! Since Netflix spreads to the world, we're started to see a lots of good work. 
Dark was one of them, but it was really different than the others.
It has a really deep plot which could not fit under 3 seasons.<br/><br/>Dark, what a name. It fits the series so damn much. Because everything is really dark outta here. Characters, place, visuals, story, every damn thing. The plot is another confusing thing. With every episode, some new faces appear which makes the things more complicated. I mean the season 1 is over, but there are still too much questionmarks unsolved. Which makes you curious. This deep story is also like a harmony of sci-fi, mystery and time traveling stuff. I also have to talk about the opening titles, too. The visuals are really impressive and the song (Apparat - Goodbye) fits the show's mysterious background.<br/><br/>The show is really good for its budget. But there is some bad sides about it, too.<br/><br/><ul><li>In the first 4 episodes, I almost bored out of my sh*t. It was really slow-paced. It has that kinda "build-up" thing like "Mr. Robot" but if you're not a patient person, you may wanna skip those episodes.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>There are some logic errors that I can't mention because it's a "no-spoiler" review. Time travelling is a danger zone for logic, so these errors can be ignored but we really wanna see what holds the rope's other side.</li></ul><br/><br/>Even though, when I look at the bigger picture of "Dark" in general.
It seems like amazing show to me. 
10/10. Must watch. First season is great, interesting sci-fi with a story that can be followed.<br/><br/>second season turned it into a very confusing soap opera, made me sleepy st the end of each of those series, some of them I've slept at the middle. They should have ended it after first season. Homogeneous societies greatly reduce cultural conflicts between immigrants and the native population. I think that is more of a good thing than bad. However, in television, it causes identity problems. I'm an American black male and I'm seriously getting more and more confused as to who is who in this show. Along with the time shifting, the reason I decided to give this show a try in the first place, I'm getting lost more often. Although, I'm now using IMDb to identify some of the characters it still isn't easy. I just thought of something. I don't have this problem watching American TV when all the characters are white. So, am I having trouble differentiating between the physical characteristics of these people or could it be something else?<br/><br/>As for the show, it's great. I'll be looking forward to other content from the creator, Baran Bo Odar. Oh, the English dub was essential to me continuing to watch. If it weren't available in English I would have given up already. This is another overrated TV show. Coworkers recommended me to watch it. Checked reviews here and saw that people go crazy about it, giving it 10/10 and praising it. So, I started watching. Watched whole first season and now started second one and all I can say it's very slow, confusing and uninteresting. Characters are boring and shallow, plot is also very simple and uninteresting - just about time travelling. Some characters jump from present to past or future and that's it. There's no tense or anything that would leave you attached to it, having a desire to watch episode after episode. I can't wait when second season ends, so this boredom ends. I only watched season 1, so maybe I'll update my rating after watching season 2.<br/><br/>Dark is well shot and produced, but honestly it offers nothing new about the time-traveling theme.<br/><br/>It's awfully difficult to follow, because it features 10-15 characters in different times of their lives each, for a grand total of 30-40.<br/><br/>It's quite pandering, but I should be accustomed to that because all the series nowadays are made this way, stretching things to fill running time and searching for an easy appeal.<br/><br/>Dark reminded me of Riget by Von Trier: lots of characters in a mystery/thriller/horror with supernatural elements. But Riget was a masterpiece, because all the supernatural elements were treated with a grotesque tone and interspersed with comedy. Therefore you could suspend the disbelief, because the director was telling you that he didn't believe himself the supernatural aspects in the first place. On the contrary, Dark puts too much seriousness and self-importance in these fantastic/sci-fi elements, and you can't believe none of them. It's a potential masterpiece turned in a mediocre series for the masses. I think what drove me to binge-watch this was the hope something interesting would emerge from it, but it wasn't all that satisfying. The soap-opera relationship bits are very tedious. The acting, script and score are needlessly portentous. There are lots of "everything is everything" conversations which sound like they were written by an undergraduate who had just read far too much Herman Hesse. It's not like Stranger Things or Twin Peaks at all, and I agree with another reviewer who said it's most like Lost, in its frustrating, made-it-up-as-they-went-along supernatural shaggy-dog story modus operandi. And there are so many characters, and different versions of characters, none of which are particularly compelling or well-drawn. I tried to keep track, but ultimately I just didn't care enough about any of them. I still think the gold standard for time travel movies is Shane Carruth's 'Primer'. It does your head in, in ways Dark doesn't manage to even get close to, and with only a fraction of Dark's resources (but some MUCH better ideas). I think there are probably more interesting episodes of Dr. Who about this subject. I wanted to like it, and enjoyed parts of it, but after, what, a couple of hundred of years of literature, movies and TV on this subject we can surely expect something more thought-provoking than this middling fare. First of all, the positives: the cinematography of this show is exceptional, as is the casting and the setting. Every frame looks great, and the acting is impressive. After watching the first episode, you'll almost certainly be compelled to watch the next one. These are all great signs for a series, and you will be rewarded for keeping to it - some scenes, like the 1950's autopsy scene ("are they Chinese?"), are absolutely brilliant.<br/><br/>The sound design, however, is appalling. Every single scene has a "Bwaaaaaah" 'tension-sound' every 15 seconds, even when it makes no sense (character cuts into strawberry shortcake? "BWAAAH") and the music choices are almost all dreadful. The sound is so awful that it really gets in the way of enjoying some scenes.<br/><br/>A lot of the dialogue and voice-overs have cringeworthy amounts of over-exposition. Characters mention the importance of the number 33 about once every five minutes, as well as provide you with Baby's First Wormhole Theory twice per episode, such that you sometimes feel as if the director and scriptwriter don't really have a high opinion of their viewer's ability to understand middle school math or retain basic information.<br/><br/>Speaking of dialogue problems, there's a lot of extremely stilted, overly pretentious dialogue here. Characters will gaze into each other's eyes and say things like "What does fate mean to you?" in a way that gets old very fast. Humans just don't talk like that. Be ready for entire sequences with agonizingly pretentious voiceovers (the school play scene comes to mind), blathering about vaguely poetic nonsense that adds nothing to the plot.<br/><br/>The natural comparison for this show is Stranger Things, and although it's superficially very similar (and let's face it, Dark would not exist without ST), ST has the substantial advantage of being totally unpretentious and having some of the best sound design in television history. Another key difference comes out of the 'mystery box' style of storytelling. Whereas ST has three self-contained plot threads that tie up nicely at the end of series 1, "Dark" relies on introducing lots of new concepts throughout, and tying very little up at the end. The end of Dark S1 more or less forces you to watch Dark S2, in a very "Lost" kind of way that it's hard not to think of as crude manipulation and abuse of the viewer's trust. I really went into the last episode thinking everything would be neatly explained, but the opposite happened.<br/><br/>For instance, throughout the series we are constantly reminded of the importance of "threes", through the symbolism of the Triquetra, the three timelines, the number 33, etc. etc. However, right at the end it becomes clear that a fourth timeline is needed to explain what's going on. Of course, if you realise that old Jonas must be from 2019's future, this makes sense, but I was really hoping that old Jonas grew old in his past (eg., in the 80's or 50's), not in his future, to keep the integrity of the 'three threads' plot intact. Instead, more is added. It doesn't help my low confidence that the fourth timeline looks unspeakably tacky: mad-max warriors riding the sides of trucks and awesome fighter women with cool face scars. My eyes rolled so far into the back of my head I'm now partially blind.<br/><br/>Tons of questions are raised throughout the series, but aggravatingly few are answered. For instance, why did Michael kill himself? Why is Helge helping Noah? What happened to Erik's father, a minor character worried about his son's disappearance who himself disappears from the plot? Why doesn't the immigrant kid's mother feature more in the plot? Her son disappeared! Isn't she a little bit worried? Why didn't the police search the massive cavern system in their town's terrifying forest when Mikkel dissappears? Why does Egon have no memory of the events of the 50's? Where does Alexander come from? What's the deal with the birds? What's the deal with the sheep? What's the deal with the nuclear waste? What's the deal with the clocks? What's the deal with badass gun-toting grandma Claudia? Where did the clock-machine blueprints come from?<br/><br/>If the show was worse, all this wouldn't be so frustrating, but the unrealised potential of Dark is deeply irritating. For instance, I really think the plot should have been kept to the three timelines, so stop it sprawling so awkwardly and inevitably relying on deus-ex-machinas. I'd much prefer the show to focus on closing some of those causal loops in cool ways, the way they treat the Mikkel/Michael loop, or the Ulrich loop, than go off on weird Mad Max tangents. It really feels as if they could have done it, but chose not to in favour of something ultimately far more pedestrian - a mystery box plot that relies on you, the viewer, having a vivid imagination and filling all the gaping holes in the plot with stuff that kind-of makes sense to you. I write this review after having watched the full first season, in the hope that I help other people like me: find it hard to follow in the first episodes? tormented between the 10/10 reviews and what you see? here we go.<br/><br/>GOOGLE FOR A SPOILER-FREE FAMILY TREE
You will be flooded with characters coming out of nowhere and everywhere. Of course they have no time to develop them and they will see bland and forgettable , yet somehow, their relationships and interactions are what create the movie's uniqueness. You have two options: try to remember them as a challenge or search for a spoiler free family tree. I used one throughout the movie to figure out who I am I seeing on screen.<br/><br/>SLOW ACTION?
Scenes in this TV Show take ages to say something, perhaps is in the name of the atmosphere, perhaps this is what most people want. If you're the impatient type, I have bad news for you, it takes them ages to transmit even the smallest piece of information, a 2.4x speed brought this show into a more bearable experience. IT WOULD NOT BE WORTH TO ME WATCHING AT NORMAL SPEED. I must admit though that there were a few scenes in which things actually happened and I had to use normal speed to experience everything to the fullest.<br/><br/>PREDICTABLE TWIST
I won't spoil anything, but I'll say that if you're familiar with the time travel theme , judging by the show's rating and picking up on a few details, THERE WILL BE NO MAJOR PLOT TWIST for you. You will untangle the character/chronological web better and maybe that will be of interest for you. Be warned, if you want to bear the first episodes to character dumping in exchange for a plot twist you will find none, don't get your hopes up and save your time for something better.<br/><br/>That being said, they build a pretty complex web of characters and event(compared to most other shows) and it's a pretty intriguing idea(although it can be easily compressed into a 10-minute explorable graph with the same value as 10 hours of movie), very good production quality and plenty of dark atmoshpere. It's a good show, but I can't comprehend why people exagerate so much with their ratings. For what it is, its rating should not be so high when compared to some really good titles which explore similar a similar theme or atmosphere. I have no idea where the 10/10 reviews come from. Must be a very concerted PR stunt. The series starts off with no character introduction, so the viewer has absolutely no idea who any of the characters are. This continues well into the series so it's difficult to empathize with any of the characters as the viewer has no idea who they are. The editing jumps around and the scenes just appear to be randomly stuck together without any continuity. There's a lot of scenes where the characters stare at one another but there's no dialog. Some just have unknown symbolism like dead birds etc. The fake blood that is used in many of the scenes just looks like the character has been doused in chocolate syrup. Where does this type of garbage production come from, and how on earth does it garner such high ratings? I also don't get why it has been called the German Stranger Things. It developed it's own style. The plot is great, and the production is good as well. Unfortunately, the actors and the characters are not.<br/><br/>Hey, behind mystery and time travel plots we really care about characters, their relations and we want to be engaged emotionally. Think of Penny's Boat in Lost. This was touching. Here we have nothing but shallow and uninteresting characters.<br/><br/>As a German I like the partly entertaining time travel trough the last 66 years of German history (even though it is sometimes pathetic). But here is another German speciality: We can't do good genre series or movies. We always want to transcend genre. Dark" simply wants too much and ends up with something that is sort of entertaining (due to the plot and structure of the causal relations that are made explicit), but it is certainly not great. I was on the fence about watching this series because usually german TV sucks hard in being completely uninspired and badly acted. When reading all the comparisons with Stranger Things I already expected the worst but with so many people recommending Dark i tried it and was positively surprised.<br/><br/>First of all... the comparisons with Stranger Things are rather superficial. But if you look at the whole thing you see that a lot of ideas were blatantly stolen from here and there. There are some obvious influences from Stranger Things but even more it seems Donnie Darko was a huge influence on this series.
Its more about teenagers than about kids, there is a strong emphasis on drama and relationships, you get loads of 80ies references and music, there is timetravel and an ominous time circle with set dates, a lot of the philosophical and scientific themes are told by teachers in classrooms... there are quite many things taken from Donnie Darko. The dark synth themes and 80ies music, the dramatic montages shutteling through the characters. The basic philosophical question about free will and fate... some of the things sound like they were lifted exactly from the movie with loads of symbolism dropped in and philosophy told through school plays or a book about time travel constantly referred to. In Donnie Darko it was "philosophy of time travel", here its called "A journey through time". I guess you get what i am hinting at... they stole a lot!! But they managed to put it in a plot that inserted enough other ideas.<br/><br/>After 2 episodes I became rather annoyed by the ridiculous repetitive sound design that constantly tries to be dark, moody and foreshadowing while basically nothing really happens. There is way too much drama and sad looking characters often overacting their grief. But when inserting various time levels with characters at various stages of their life and acted by different actors of course it gets interesting in connecting the dots... so despite all the drama Dark managed to keep my interest until the end.<br/><br/>A lot of the science stuff sounds rather stupid to me. When they explain dimensions with drawings I had a flashback to "the human centipede" and the Doctors laughable "medically acurate" scribbles. Various points of the timetravel story made no sense in portraying characters before events in their past already affected by things that happen later through timetravel. But that is the usual problem with movies about time travel, especially with so many levels and characters. I think they did a good job in glossing over the strong flaws with an overcomplex plot... definitly worked for me.<br/><br/>What they could have used is some of the humor from Donnie Darko. Dark is way too dry and takes itself too serious in my opinion... there is too much TV drama with people staring dramatically into the camera for no reason and most of the time. Some characters have the same facial expression throughout and the rain... well, the constant rain became a kind of running gag in this series because they tried too hard to make this bleak and moody without any humor lighting it up. Also a lot of the plot seemed unnecessary... maybe its build up for season 2 but at the end of season 1 i thought they could have told that story way tighter in half of the time.<br/><br/>Anway... for a german series this definitly is the best I have seen in ages and it beats most german movies too. So give it a try. I can't believe I just wasted an hour in the first episode of this slow, uninteresting, dull, cliché-loving show, almost crying for something interesting to happen.<br/><br/>Yes, this show is dark (no pun intended) because IT'S A NIGHTMARE to watch. Oh, and the 'supernatural' thing... come on! Without that, this TV show might well be the noir typical thriller that abound. They added on to of that exhausted topic a sauce of 'intrigue' in the form of a supernatural twist that clearly didn't work.<br/><br/>Save yourself the pain to watch this and avoid it any cost. I saw people who were talking about this and decides to watch this.It's the biggest regret of my life.Boring,too long and unnecessary scenes,too much exaggerated plot.I was like waiting all the time thinking when this Hell's gonna end Amazing, the number of raving reviews for this (sadly) totally overbloated production. The setting is amazing, the FX (almost) convincing, but the acting is absolutely terrible, the dialogues pitifully nonsensical while intending to be veeeryyy deep (no, they are not, they are deeply hollow), the ubackground music childishly unbearable and to top it all, the story is a rehash-mish-mash of all the existing time-travel and parallel universe memes of sci-fi, without ever choosing between science and fantasy. Over the course of 4 episodes it never got worse but it didn't get any better either. Watch the pilot and if you like that I'm sure you'll like the rest. It has some interesting moments but it's mostly dull. If you like mysteries that take an entire season to let you in on what's going on I'm sure you'll like this. I have seen every significant thriller, horror there Is. And spending the nights watching every Thriller, Horror I had missed. I have also played every horror game there Is.
So I have knowledge In the subject matter.
I kinda hated this show even more because of all the millennials overhyping It. Everything Is a 10!
There's no sense of scaled systems and giving these mediums a proper score. Every marvel is a 10 every starwars and every show Is a 10 on imdb.
So now.. Imagine all of us who have seen all of these really great great cult classic movies and tvshows that really scared us back in the days. That really earns maybe a 8 or 9 score. All these praised shows that has real tension and story, practical effects, where scary things actually happens. truly amazing actors? None of it exist here. Nothing is remotely Interesting.
Okay I'm just gonna break down the pilot episode fast.
First we learn that a kid is missing. They explain the kid has tried to escape several times from Home? Wow? Do we care about this super annoying escapist, the parents worse nightmare. whiny kid that gets himself kidnapped? This kid put himself in this situation. So we don't care if the crazy dude torments this brat with 80s music videos or to the sharks for that matter.
Next up is the cast. The teenage characters of this whole melodrama. None of them has any charm. Their characters are bland, boring, depressing and they don't have the acting skills to make a scene pop! And you can't even separate the two friends. They look exactly the same. Same facial expressions.
I cant find any logic or reason why this show Is compared to stranger things? That cast is so alive and fun to watch its a whole different ballgame of movie making.
So.. I root for no character, no victim not even the mystery feels mysterious or have any atmosphere. Its just the typical modernism european tvshow with bad cgi. DARK Is a show that I guess anyone interested in making movies can cook up with ease.
The soundtrack is also a real letdown. typical modern "depressed Singer songwriters.
We have Agnes obel etc was next? Aurora, Emma Ruth rundel, marissa nadler, chelsea wolfe, emily jane white, von hausswolf? All im saying its just so familiar and expected.
No this is truly a show I just see through. It has no unique craft or vision to it. Its a poor mans IT. Cmon! Teen in yellow raincoat!
I give this show 3/10 Ten stars because three episodes was enough. Not one of them was good but i give every show 3 episodes chance before I switch..
Clear away from this one. This tvshow has allready been made so many times ( gengångare, wayward pines, bron, the missing, the killing etc etc its just all the same boring formula. If you haven't seen too many series or movies, I'm sure this will be a great watch for you. If you have, you might find yourself in the same seat as myself: bored and unsurprised. Being the classic "time-traveling" genre, it brings absolutely nothing new to the table, the same old "trying to prevent the future tragic events from happening but it turns out you going back in the past to fix it is actually was causes it or you realize that you have to trigger it yourself in order for (x) to happen". It's supposed to be surprising for the viewer when you find out that what they meant to change will happen anyway, but if you've seen time-traveling on screen before, you're already used to this and the only thing that happens is that you watch the same boring events unfold as they already had once before.<br/><br/>There's nothing really that interesting when it comes to the characters themselves either. I understand that it's intended to portray the character as "morally gray", but honestly they just come across as artificial. The whole "I have to kill my (father/child/whatever/self) in order to prevent (x)" isn't what a truly morally gray character plot is, it's just a very long boring "would you go back in time to kill baby Hitler"-dilemma, but it's just covered in tons of convuluted plot-turns. If you want a better example of moral ambiguity, watch "Please Like Me" or read "Fatelessness". Slow-paced. Show is set in 3 different time frames. Very confusing keeping track of characters as they change ages every time the show switches back and forth between 1953; 1989, and 2019. I kept hoping it would all come together at the end, but I thought the ending was terrible and very unsatisfactory. I fully enjoyed Season 1 and looked forward to Season 2. What a disappointment. The writers got so caught up trying to make the story into some deep philosophical something or other that they got lost. They turned what could and should have been an unforgettable work of art into a pretentious thing to forget. It's a pity really. I love the premise behind this series. At the first season's halfway mark, I feel the focus on soap opera level of drama between the citizens of Winden really takes away from the mystery and surrealism that makes the plot exciting. The tangential storylines between characters are very disorienting and confusing and largely superfluous. More concentrated focus on the mystery at the heart of the plot and I might have enjoyed this series a lot more.<br/><br/>When I first read about this show, I immediately thought of the Swedish series "Jordskott", which has many narrative parallels. Honestly, watch this show. Jordkott is available to stream on Shudder. Compared to "Dark", this show stays far more on course for me. You've got the complexities of small-town drama, but it all circles back to the central plot points. Fantastical, surreal, scary, beautiful, suspenseful, way more poignant and relevant in its message. CHECK OUT "JORDSKOTT" IF YOU WANT NEXT LEVEL "DARK"! ...Plus, no crummy overdub. Nice to improve your german (please, keep the original soundtrack and subtitles). That said, time travel stories must try to gallantly circumvent one or two paradoxes and carry on with the main plot. If not, they promise disaster.
And Dark just adds more incongruities and twists after each season. Interesting at first, now after season 2 I anticipate that it won't work as it will gradually fade into a confusing mess with no believable conclusion and a pile of unanswerable issues. The have pulled from the string too far.
Es tut mir leid. 'Dark' is described here as 'mistery', but it is in fact a 'horror' series. Apart from that, the soundtrack is overused. Through the whole episode there is some creepy music being played, even in the most simple dialoges. It's almost like the laughing track in those sitcoms, trying to force you to laugh even when there's no joke. After a while the music doesn't make you feel anything different anymore, because it's always there. The effect is lost.<br/><br/>The pictures are quite dark, I must say it's even hard to see what's going on sometimes, but I didn't expect anything different from a series named 'Dark'.<br/><br/>The storyline seems to be very interesting, but the 'scary' scenes and unecessary creepy music in every single scene makes it unwatchable for me. Is it as good as the 1st season? Should I watch it or not? What can you say about this program......apart from WOW!. You have to concentrate as it flits between years, but once you've got the characters organised and which years they are in, it's easy to keep track.<br/><br/>You do have to get past the voice overs, as it's dubbed, but once you've got use to the mouths not matching the words, it's just so good. Got to the last episode of series 2 and had to stop watching, to savour the final episode. I do not know how the series ends but would love a series 3! OMG!!
What a great story, everything is just perfect. some one from the future has helped the writer to complete the second season. oh my words I cant say more. The best sci-fi ever seen... it has its own artistisity and subtlety Very good series. and episod 1 great starter series Best cinematography,best background score,easily a german masterpiece 10/10... I made the mistake of binging it stoned, my head exploded and now I have to repaint. "Dark" is cryptic and hard to predict, but it can also make things clear when the time is right, slowly unfolding an incredibly twisted story, that involves a huge number of characters and deep concepts. Although the rhytm may seem slow, the show keeps you on the edge for the whole duration of every episode, and leaves you wanting more. This show could fit into three hour movie and be average.You have to constantly fast forward for 10 seconds to skip boring scenes of walking toward something that in most cases is disappointing.Cudos to producers for stretching it.Music is awesome. I am perfectly used to the fact, that in any series it takes time, and 2 or 3 episodes to get to know all the characters, their connections, conflicts, interactions.<br/><br/>I would like to ask you opinion; whether it is only my problem, or anybody else having the same confusion.<br/><br/>After the 7th episode I know less who is who than at the beginning of the show...<br/><br/>I have to confess, that I always had troubles with German names, and I am watching it in original German with Hungarian subtitles (my mother language).<br/><br/>I have been watching a lot of series, and yes, it happens, that I am confused with the characters. Probably more, than others.<br/><br/>But in case of this show, I am lost completely.<br/><br/>Anybody else? :)<br/><br/>But there is one more much important thing.<br/><br/>!!!SPOILER!!!<br/><br/>Hurting/murdering animals and children is a strong taboo for me in every genre!
Even in horror movies children are never involved in such situtation like in this series. 
That is unforgivable for me, quitted watching... I have not watched stranger things when i finished watching this. The series made me eager to see what happens next in every episode and I completed 10 episodes in a span of 2 nights. I observed that the story is at times very draggy and doesn't have shocking mysteries or wow feeling to it. Found it pleasant that it had high production value and good actors.The characters live in a developed economy (driving Mercedes and Audi cars) in a small forest town in Germany.<br/><br/>I liked the idea of this story very much and I liked the coherent nature of the screen play reminiscent of the other German movie I watched Viz Das leben der anderen ( I have come to a conclusion that that Germans are very coherent,integral and intellectual people).The music was excellent. The only draw back i felt was it dragged a bit when explaining about time travel story line and could have presented in a clear and concise manner. Felt there were a lot of unexplained things like how the time travel machine was created, was the nuclear power plant an energy source for creating wormholes etc. A lot is left to be answered for season 2 may be? <br/><br/>If they come with a stunning follow up of the season 1 that explains stuff clearly and doesn't drag to the point of irritation , this will be one of the greats of all time. This is a great series, but not the 10s you see in these reviews. It is captivating, but a bit of a slow burn with a few too many overly melodramatic stares. Be aware that keeping track of the different characters across the ages is challenging and important to getting the most out of the story. The gap between season 1 and 2 didn't help. It is right that there are parallels to Stranger Things. A boy from a village disappears and is stuck in another world (actually time), synth music (it's so popular currently) and... that's all! In my opinion the story line is much more complex, there are more explanations and action strands. Stranger Things focuses on the style and less on the story. It's easier to watch what is totally okay, it just depends on your own priority what you prefer. That doesn't mean that Dark hasn't a good style, it's just not that much in that 80s stuff. <br/><br/>For Dark you need a little patience but that's worth it! It's not as funny and cute as Stranger Things, so you must be in the mood for a serious atmosphere. You actually don't need to be scared of nuclear power stations for watching Dark, that's not the main subject of the story, it's only part of it (but if you are honest you will realize that it's a really dangerous thing, remember Fukushima and of course Tschernobyl).<br/><br/>I love the story, the characters and the narrative. Maybe you'll like it too if you distance yourself from the flat thinking that the idea is stolen from Stranger Things. If you would compare all mystery series you would determine that in most cases someone mysteriously disappears or dies, often in villages... Its a very slow but grasping series. The concept of time travel is always complicated and this series clearly tells you why and how.<br/><br/>The definition of each character in this series has been well thought of and portrayed well. Its showed that each and every one in the story has a significance and contribute to complex weaving of the story. By the time we reach half way through the series we become impatient and want to watch till the end.<br/><br/>The last episode is such that you want to pause every few minutes to wrap around the scientific concepts and the story line wise. But that gives a different kind of kick to the show. Makes you eagerly wait for the next season. Dark, a German Netflix original serie's is about several families lives during strange events in their quiet town. While their lives slowly unravel, what they thought was once a safe and quiet town becomes enveloped in a sinister darkness that appears from the past.
When a child goes missing from the town of Winden for 13 days tension rises within the community. After Jonas returns to school from grieving his father's suicide, his friend Magnus suggests that they go after the missing student's drug stash. When they arrive near the cave where the drugs are thought to be stored a loud noise is heard from the cave and run. When Jonas trips, Mikkel disappears from his sight, and when Jonas and his friends regroup, they realize that Mikkel is missing.
Dark was directed by Barad bo Odar and Jantje Friese. Odar has worked on previous films such as Sleepless, Who am I - No System is Safe, and The Silence. Friese has collaborated with Odar on Who am I - No System is Safe for the screenplay, which topped the charts of German cinema when it came out. When Netflix contacted Odar and Friese to make a TV show for Who am I - No System is Safe Odar and Friese pitched the idea for Dark to Netflix, which later picked it up.
Dark does a great job with setting its tone in the beginning. The acting and directing is a breath of fresh air. The acting focuses on making the situations as mysterious as possible, while character interactions methodical and well thought out. The show also involves time travel. Viewers will see different important characters during three time periods of their lives and how the recurring events have an impact on them during the different points in their lives. One example of the effects of the time travel is when both Ulrich is in the present looking through the cave. He then hears Mikkel cry out from the past. We then get a scene where the two of them sit outside the cave crying because they cannot find each other. The camerawork during this scene is superb by putting the two shots of Mikkel and Ulrich side by side so that they are sitting across from one another. Similar to how they are seperated across time.
Dark is a great show to watch and has many good points to its story. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys characters with depth, as well as a plot that is always unfurling new secrets so you put the mystery together alongside the characters in the show. Dark is fantastic. A stellar example of all facets of production seamlessly working together to creat a truely immersive story.<br/><br/>The cinematography is stunning. The use of symbolism and foreshadowing is some of the best I have seen.<br/><br/>I was pleasantly surprised by the English dub, most of the voices felt right. You still lose a lot of the intended acting etc, but it was much better than I'm used to with dubs. I would definitely still recommend watching the subtitled version though. I haven't watched any stoyline more interesting and detailed than this one before. Sometimes it's hard to keep up with what is going on throughout the show, but still it makes you curious. I don't know how anyone can come up with this complex of a plot, but I salute that person/people. I'm utterly amazed. I have very low standards, yet even this is insanely boring. I'm only on episode five, yet I felt compelled to express my unbridled feeling of torture. Nothing ever happens ever. Everything is so drawn out! I'm trying my best to see what everyone else sees in this show, but it's just so dull and boring! You could start watching at any point and haven't missed a thing! I'm nearly convinced that whatever "mind bending" conclusion this show draws is merely rehashed drivel. Not only that, there are like, a million identical characters! Game of thrones was easier to follow. I feel the need to smoke weed just to consider this show mildly interesting. It's as if a good musician made moody music and needed a generic show to fill in the blanks. OMG I hate it. I'm gonna keep watching, and I'll write a better review if my mind changes, but oh my god this show is the most boring, dreary crap I've ever seen. I'm losing my mind trying to power through this show. Someone kill me. Watch this serial if you want to do a PhD because you need a book to take down names and remember them.it will neither alliw you to stop watching nor allow you to know what the story is. I have almost gone half had watching this! Mental Torture would be the most ideal name to this serial. They should have stopped after season 1, season 2 is just bad Does anybody remember the time when the Germans were on the barricades against nuclear energy, after the Tjernobyl power plant accident? That is the starting-point of this series. <br/><br/>Having seen 3 episodes I can't really decide to go on or not and that's not a good sign. The time shifts are starting to annoy me. Hasn't tv bombed us with that 
 nonsense enough? Very not original.<br/><br/>There is hardly a story, just massive droning music and faces with heavy expression. <br/><br/>The Characters come back each time to a hole in the ground, in a forest, like in a b-movie like. Some say stop comparing with Stranger Things but that series was stuffed with stupidity like that too. It started off well, and overall the storyline is very impressive. There's so much to it. But that's also where it gets really bad. During the course of 10 episodes they have introduced so many different branches all leading upto one main trunk of the tree, about 15-16 different plots all woven into one, but I was expecting atleast some will be closed out, or explained. But they have left almost everything for the next season. Too many characters and everyone plays a part in the centre plot and none of them have been explained or carried out, which gets too much for the viewers to carry that on into next season. I was intrigued by the plot. The characters are good but acting is mediocre. Hopefully they do justice to the plot in next season until then it's 6 stars. This is where concept (dark) is taken to a ridiculous degree. You can barely see this movie. The director has saturated the blacks so all you can really make out in most of the indoor scenes are highlights. You spend most of your time peering into the picture to make out what is going on and then replaying to make sure you saw what you thought you might have seen. It's simply too much viewer effort just to prop up a director's conceit. The characters are not much, either. They're icy cold and not very interesting. There is so little genuine interaction between them that you lose interest very quickly. This series might interest horror/scifi folks but if you have a decent television, this is a waste of the money you invested in the latest technology. You simply cannot see it. What a waste. Hi, I'll keep it short. I just watched the forst two episodes and I am really disappointed of the outcome. People say that once you see something you can't unsee it and this is exactly what's happened with me while watching this attempt of a Netflix masterpiece. Somehow the storyline reminds me of a horribly made version on "Stranger Things" where something with the storyline went terribly wrong and they tried to fix it using overly dramatic and annoying music in literally every.single.scene. The only tension I got from this music was in my stomach, trying to ignore it. It just did not work for me. 10/10, are you kidding me?
I rarely write a review but this obvious spambot number boosting just stinks.
This is utter rubbish, slow-paced, overreacting, pretentious and hardly original story.
Dolby atmos eerie music almost on every scene with mediocre acting.
Music building up to something that never comes and it just drags on and on and on.
Ten hours torture you can do with out. There are two different stories in Quran both are about time and took place in caves. One of them about a guy the different in time is 100 year the other one is about seven guys with a dog the difference is 300 years. One of the other interesting thing is talking about time a lot in Quran. The secret of time in present and future. When I watch this show I was shocked and reminded me about those stories. For being a Netflix original, it's pretty awesome. So many twist and turns, if you're not paying attention it's hard to keep up. None the less, for an original it sure keeps you wanting to watch more and more! Well crafted, tied with families, and who hate 80s then. As some have already written, do yourself a favour and switch the audio to German and subtitles to English. Why the overdubbed version is the default setting on UK Netflix is beyond my reasoning.<br/><br/>Unlike some, I do not regard this series as being slow paced at all. There is always something happening and the pacing is as near to perfect as it can be. This is top-class, intelligent storytelling. Writing, acting, photography, set design and sound are up there with the best.<br/><br/>This is an obviously high quality product throughout; I just want more, now.<br/><br/>Faults? I thought this first season needed a couple more episodes. Towards the end it felt rushed and is clearly intended to draw the viewer in for the second season. I only hope season two will be as gripping as the first. At the beginning i found it kind of dull and boring but still it caught my attention, after seeing a few episodes and realizing how everything was connected made it one of my favorite new shows. All I will say is thay this show starts out as "Killing" and turns into "Fringe". It loses its dark mysticism around episode 8 and becomes supernatural fantasy. If you liked both shows as much as I did, then you will like this, too. I just wish the dubbing was done better or it was just subtitled. In my case I know some German and I would have felt the emotions of the characters better. Nevertheless good job Netflix. Now off to watch last season of Longmire. The 8.7 rating for this makes no sense. I can only assume people rating this show 10/10 are paid off, or watching T.V for the first time. I started watching this show based off reviews, and just finished season 2. Is it terrible? No. It's not a terrible show, but by no means does it warrant an 8.7 rating...<br/><br/>The characters are hard to relate to, or feel any type of sympathy or empathy for. By the end of season 2 I was rooting for the black hole to swallow them all up and the show to end with everyone dying.<br/><br/>The plot is boring. What was the end game here? Stop the infinite loop. Bring back certain characters? It jumps to so many different timelines 1921, 53, 86, 2019 and 2052, that it's hard to get too attached to any single character. Not to mention I've watched 2 seasons and I still can't tell you who the villains are. Is it Jonas, Adam, Noah or is it Claudia, Helge, Alexander Tiedeman, Batosz? I get most of them are pawns, but between the storyline being slow, the twists being uneventful and the characters having 0% depth. This show doesn't warrant any better than a 6.5<br/><br/>Will definitely not be back for season 3. Wish I could go back in time and not watch this show, and pick another show with a similar rating. A show that actually warrants the rating it's given, unlike this one. Back to the Future meets Terminator while dipped in a vat of dark molasses.<br/><br/>Usually shows start slow and often pick up the pace of storytelling. Therefore, I try to always get through a couple episodes before deciding to continue. In the case of Dark the opposite was true and my approach backfired. This was a show that "jammed" the content of 3 episodes into the final 7 episodes. <br/><br/>With rare exception the characters were difficult to follow as they traversed various parts of the 66 year span. Except for a character with a prominent mole the casting choices made easily identifying the same people 33 or 66 years later or earlier harder than it needed to be. <br/><br/>The big reveal in the final episode was rushed and the final moments of the show scream "We ran out of money so this is the end"<br/><br/>I wanted to like it but was very disappointed. Dull, uneventful, badly made. Yes, that is my opinion. I can't believe this has such high ratings.<br/><br/>The sound production need to understand the concept of subtelty. Being relentlessly exposed to these sounds only succeeds at being annoying and they completely fail at creating the intended atmosphere.<br/><br/>Scenes are constantly over-acted. The actors constanly over express. This results in the characters being completely unrealistic and hence not ones we can connect to in the least.<br/><br/>The acting is in many places not good.<br/><br/>The story is slow and un-eventful.<br/><br/>I struggled to get through the episodes.<br/><br/>This is not a joke. Season 1 was okay but the 2nd season seemed too slow narrative wise and the entire story is too complicated and disarrayed. Ok I got half way through episode 4 and finally had enough. Seriously this is dull, long and drawn out, the first 4 episodes shouldn't have taken more than an hour, it's how long can we drag out the suspense whilst looking as dreary and bleak as possible. There is nothing good about this show, I am utterly amazed that so many people here think it's top tier Sci-fi, because they clearly haven't watched the Expanse or similar if they do. Perhaps the appalling dubbing on Netflix makes it worse, it certainly doesn't help, and this show really needs something to help it get going. It's like an old clapped out car that needs some nitrous in the tank to get it to go, watch only if you like the super slow burn, miserable people, miserable environments, over the top suspenseful music and awful dubbing. Yawn, I'm off to bed. Slowest series ever. After first 3 episodes i almost fell asleep watching 4th one. So boring. Repeating same things over and over again instead of showing or making any huge progress. First he is lost, then he is lost, then she is lost. Same chocolate wrapper showing up all over. Old man running on grounds saying tick tock since 1st episode. My god im done. I am super sleepy. Nothing really happens :( It could have been great. People voting with less than a 10/10 are wrong, as I was days before... I ranked it with 1/10 for season 1 flaws, but all those flaws werent' flaws, they were misteries, all explained in season 2, the question is not why I was wrong, the question is WHEN.
MASTERPIECE.<br/><br/>10/10, FLAWLESS... PERFECTION... I can't believe I ranked this show with a 1/10 because season 1 let many doors opened and "mistakes" that were explained in season 2... but that's a good thing, to know when u are wrong and when u have to change your calification... season 2 blew my mind, even more than breaking bad which is my fav show ever.. I mean... come on, this show has to be on the top top top best show ever in IMDB... I don't know why its not subtitled. The voice over is so distracting. Plus, the whole thing is just dangling in odd assumptions. I hated the one episode I made it through. I don't know where to start, but I assure you whatever is shown in the series is utter non sense not because it's a science fiction, but because they have raised too many questions in the series and NONE OF THEM IS ANSWERED. So if you're looking for the answers of the questions from first or second episodes, hard luck. It's totally dumb leading to nowhere. The standout qualities of this German serial are the evocative lighting and photography as well as the mood defining sound engineering, even if towards the end the musical cues become predictable.<br/><br/>While the show is technically excellent overall, the direction is not on the same level as the writing, sound, or cinematography. I found some of the more emotional family scenes to be poorly directed, and some characters are left underdeveloped as a result (notably, the female characters).<br/><br/>Another criticism of the show, is that there are simply too many characters altogether, leaving the viewer struggling to remember names (since the characters are underdeveloped) and as events jump from time period to time period this is exacerbated.<br/><br/>Also lacking, is any sort of comic relief, with the series opting for an overly serious posture throughout, which may have been obvious considering the show title "Dark".<br/><br/>Overall, the show is enjoyable, and immersive with outstanding technical features and an original plot and a plethora of talented actors, some of whom are underused. Watch it. Great story, great acting all around and absolutely binge-able. <br/><br/>Since there are a 175 reviews, i'll leave it at that. All I will say, don't let the German language put you off. Right of the bat, the most engaging thing about this show has to be the cinematography. Visually, it looks very picturesque and the perfect setting for a small town whodunit style of psychological thriller. You get the impression of a close knit community where everyone seems to know one another and yet there are cracks emerging on the surface of these relationships.<br/><br/>In fact, the soap opera element of the show ,involving deceit and betrayal, may seem a tad unnecessary, given that the show clearly establishes early on that primarily serves as a supernatural thriller. However, the drama actually helps to cement the characters' personalities in the minds of the audiences and also helps justify their on screen decisions in trying to understand the macabre atmosphere.<br/><br/>Now, onto the main plot . Although majority of reviewers are drawing comparisons to Stranger Things and Twin Peaks , I felt the primary influence on the show was the 2001 cult movie Donnie Darko. I won't explain how Dark mirrors Darko .However, they still kept room to insert some additional tropes within to try to make the somewhat familiar plot engaging.<br/><br/>Regarding criticism, firstly I felt they tried to force feed the audience on how the supernatural universe in the show works, throwing around very cliched sci fi words. Personally, I think the show would have been more immersive if they followed the David Lynch route of keeping mum about exactly what is going on onscreen and leave it to interpretation while throwing about enough clues. In not doing so, it might feel like a Rick and Morty episode ,but very dark and gritty.<br/><br/>Secondly, the season 1 finale was too much of a letdown for me. It felt as if Dark had been slowly increasing the tension with each episode, forcing the audience to binge watch to quench their curiosity . Then suddenly , the final episode diverts from the whodunit setting ( we are told who is the culprit but the motivations leave more to be answered) and completely adopts the dominant theme of another very famous sci fi franchise . Ofcourse, season 2 might justify this turn but it still felt a very unsatisfying ending to an otherwise very good season 1.<br/><br/>Overall, I would definitely recommend this show if you were to look for an engaging show to enjoy and binge watch. I'm not the first person to point out that this innovative and fascinating series can't and shouldn't be blithely, erroneously and fatuously pigeonholed as a German "Stranger Things". The only thing it has in common with that series is that it is partially set in the 1980s. And there end any and all similarities.<br/><br/>If you need a point of reference for "Dark", look no further than "Primer". Themes of multiple, intertwined timelines, cause and effect, collide with familial chicanery, secrets shared and buried enmities. It's basically a Greek tragedy with time travel. A darker "Back To the Future" if you like. And well worth investing in the ten episodes. I would advise that you turn subtitles on and the original actors, much more satisfying. There's been reviews saying it's the German Stranger Things but darker, I watched it and I agree its darker than Stranger Things but the only similarity that it has with Stranger Things is the missing kid in a small town storyline which has been done before Stranger Things existed. Surprisley this series has been greenlit by Netflix before Stranger Things. With this series, it mixes time travel, and mystery/thriller, into a nice pot. It makes you feel scared without having to do jump scares, the back of my neck kept on prickling and I felt like someone was watching me. I really enjoy the opening theme, like most Netflix Originals it's creative and sets the tone of the series. The performances from the actors are cohesive and brings the series together. The one complaint have for this series is the pacing, everything seems to be going fast and my eyes barely have time to catch on the facts and I really want to catch on the facts since the series is so good;Your probably going to have to watch it twice to finally catch on . It keeps you on the edge of your seat as you anticipate the big reveal. Boring, ripped off scary stuff from other movies.<br/><br/>Beautiful cinematography... That's about it Dark started out well but for the last 4 or 5 episodes I just wanted it to stop and I forced myself to finish it just to see the ending. What a big letdown.<br/><br/>Some of the concepts are good. At times, it was only the music that stood out otherwise it was an empty vessel. Play the show without the music and you've got nothing at times.<br/><br/>Won't watch another season. Just got too overly dramatic and stupid in the end. Started watching this because of its rating. The disappointment started with Episode 1 and did not go away until the end of the last episode.
The series is full of stereotypes, while it seems to drawn in its own -unnecessary- complexity. The attempt to support the script with narrated -junk- philosophy fails big time and after a certain point gets annoying.
Another big failure is the musical score which is used as a mean to enforce to the viewer fear; instead, it gets annoying. 
One of the worst series i have watched. Not the worst, as Black Mirror is the worst by far.
Don't waste time on this. DON'T waste your time on this show. It is too slow and boring. The most boring thing I ever seen in my life. No sense suspense music, so annoying.
Just terrible. This is the first time I've given a show more than 2 chances. Actually, I gave it 5 chances and i never went more than 2 episodes. It just isnt appealing to me at all. I'm half German so no, i dont mind the language. Many people told me its a genius show so kept coming back. After trying this 5th time, I give up. The show seems to be mediocre with a good story I guess. I was also never a fan of teenagers being in the main role in a movie/show. Now I go back to watching Castle Rock. Totally overrated. I have no clue, where the 10-ratings are coming from. One of the worst series on Netflix ever. Series 2 is even more unfollowable than series 1. I challenge anyone to write a paragraph on what the hell is going on. As a German I had given up hope that there can be any good German movie or tv-production out there. Too often there have been shows or movies that were praised and recommended to me just to disappoint me one more time. There are a few reasons why this happens again and again. First of all there is a gridlocked industry that is dominated by a hand full of uninspired morons that show a terrible lack of judgement about what makes a good show. They always hire the same old untalented actors and writers and even don't realize that they do. At the end they look at a steaming pile of sh... and think they created pure gold just to wonder subesquently why (internationally) nobody cares for their concoction. Germany has a lot of unemployed brilliant actors but all we see are always the same arrogant and untalented muppets. Good writers haven't been invented here yet. Another problem is the lack of quality awareness in the audience too. Sometimes there are some productions that are a little better than the usual stuff. The Germans can't stop applaude to that shows even if the quality of those productions is no more than mediocore on an international level. People say Germany produces some of the best goods in the world and are very picky about quality. When it comes to movies and shows they are on a level with amoebas. So far so bad.
When I first took a look at DARK my expectations seemed to be answered. Although there have been some refreshing new faces the acting had been quite bad and the story and dialogue seemed artifical and boring. But after Episode 4 the story started to get interesting and even a feeling of entertainment appeared. After I watched the whole series so far I have to admit, that the story is a really interesting one. I accredit this fact to the circumstance that Netflix is a new player in the German market that breaks the cirlce of the gridlocked industry by bringing some foreign know-how in the game. Certainly a professional foreign quality management keep track of the writing and avoids the worst of the German habits. Some really good new actors have been casted but unfortunately some of the really bad ones creeped themselves in. For example Tatjana Seibt as Jana Nielsen is so wooden that she can be easily mistaken with a tree in the German forrest. Her performance is one of the worst I've ever seen. Chrsitian Pätzold as the old Egon Tiedemann puts cleanly and tidily to sleep and has no credibility at all. Oliver Masucci as Ulrich Nielsen is sometimes quite good, sometimes abysmal. For example ther is one scene where Ulrich is standing at the gate of the nuclear plant and requests admittance by screaming at the director of the plant. This is so badly overacted that you could cry. Masucci is not the worst actor but it is the job of the director to give directions to get the best peformance. Here the director and the actor patheticly failed. The director seems to think in addition to it that people who are arroused start to breathe heavily. Once you notice the amount of heavy breathing persons in this show you really get annoyed.
Tom Jahn as Jürgen Obendorf or Hermann Beyer as old Helge Doppler are too bad to call them "actors". The rest of the actors do a good job but there are by far to much bad actors to ignore it. Althoug the story is quite exciting sometimes the German propensity to unrealistic dialogue comes through but thats something bearable. All in all the story and the good actors make a suprisingly good show. From a technical point of view German productions look the same as every professional one. There is no point of criticism. Despite all those errors I would say this has the potential to be the best German show since long time. Well done. Could be better. When I first saw the cave entrance, I thought "I've seen this before", but that was all that was familiar. I think most of the character names are the same, but the actors and the locations are different. I saw this on Netflix last year or maybe the year before, and I think it was a Swedish production. I can't find it on Netflix now and I don't remember the name of that series. I'll keep watching, even though I know how it ends.
(EDIT) This is what happens when there are two years between series 1 and series 2. I've watched numerous foreign language shows on Netflix. And Dark series 2 seems like it starts all over again and I thought series 1 came to a conclusion. I thought I was watching another show, not series 2. So, obviously, the show I saw two years ago WAS Dark, and it was in German. Sure it is possible that Dark was not inspired or at least green lit because of Stranger Things, but i dont believe that. Having said that i do not think that is something bad. it is definetly not a copy of stranger Things. I would encourage Producers and everyone involved to take the Things the work from good TV series and Movies, use it and come up with new original Stories and Character arcs.<br/><br/>This could have been a 10 Star Rating, the reason for me to give only 8 stars is simply because i do have some issues with the characters. I Just dont really care about them as much as i should be to be fully invested. Thus having the problem of not always knowing what is going on because of the constant time jumps and not being fully Aware of what Face belongs to what Name. So when one Character gives Information about another character, first i have to think "who was that Name again? in what year and what storyline are we right now?<br/><br/>and Yet, it is really really good. storytelling at very high Level. And the Quality of the production is also much better than expected It corrected all the things that were wrong with stranger things. But, missed out on the toothless. Kept on watching the first 3 episodes hoping for a change when everything just went very monotone. Right in the beginning I thought that it was going to be a good tv show when the disappointment started to come from the half of the first episode. 'Dark' is a very non-sense, having also included lots of cliché scenes. Most of the actors don't play very well. The storyline itself has a lot of scenes that reminded me of Stranger Things. It is awful, don't watch it! Spoiler for episode 3<br/><br/>I'm not sure how this show got such a high rating. It is good, but not great. The main flaw is the stupidity that happened in episode three. If you are in a cave and you hear someone yelling, WHY WON'T YOU YELL BACK! Rather than keep yelling (or banging) so you can walk towards the noise, speak softer, or not at all and walk away! Ughhhhh!<br/><br/>It is frustrating to see so much bad writing. And it happens a lot in shows today. I honestly believe the general population is getting dumber. Recent elections are also evidence of this. I used to think that movie Idiocracy was just a dumb movie. Now it seems like a documentary. Didn't buy into the main concept. Characters not engaging. Overhyped. It's just undescribable...one of the best mind boggling series that ever made... little tip try to remember the characters names and there family tree otherwise it will be hard to grasp. Mind blowing series,My best favourite series ever.At the starting of the series it was bit slow but after few episodes we will definitely like it. Can't get out of my mind really.But after watching this series it becomes top of my list .I'm addicted to this series. An integrated series in terms of story, script, dialogues and music and I am waiting for the third season This show is madness and lovely asf I can't say anymore so anyone who won't like it is probably too idiot to understand Don't underestimate the show, every minute is a challenge.
You have to really pay attention otherwise you don't gonna like it.
the direction and story is very great.
I like it, it worth watching 👍 Simply put, pay attention and you'll be entertained with an intricate well written science fiction series. But you do need to pay attention because it is fairly complex.
Just watch it! Absolutely Brilliant, Cinematography , Storytelling and Music. One of the finest Show ever made Just watch it for yourself and then decide.
It is so gripping and brilliant. The music is also amazing, just go and watch. There is nothing wasted in this show. From the use of music to help tell the story, to the excellent casting, to the seamless story telling. Every scene is rich with details and information. This show took me to winden, I felt like I'm living with the characters trying to escape from the neverending nightmare that we were stuck-in.
Everything you look for is found in here, music, acting, well-written scenario, captivating scenes from the first episode, and of course the thrill keeps you captivated till the end.
I suggest you to come with us and try to save all of us. This series is highly underrated. I would not be amazed if this series gets an absolute 10 on IMDb. No words can describe this amazing Cinematic series with excellent storytelling... It's Dark Its gripping,Its on the edge thriller...loved it...On the 5th Episode of Season 1 I got stunned...Worth a watch I just loved it from the first episode till the last. Simply a must see. Enjoyable in every way, storyline, soundtracks, actors...how they managed finding so lookalikes:). Wow what a great series..
The best sci fi series ever created.
The choosing of character is just mind-blowing I've just finished watching the season two and this TV Series is the best I've seen in quite some time! The atmosphere based in a small and dark German village where something strange is happening is thrilling.
All the characters are excellent and the story is compelling yet you have to be totally focused on all the characters and their names because there are many and at different periods! I recommend memorizing the names of each character to understand everything (although the different actors doing the same characters in different times look like each other). Dark is about World,about us!
Good Characters,Perfect SoundTracks,and All Things is Awesome!
I Very Love it,and I Highly Suggest it... This series is unusual and mind blowing! There are few things that might seem unrealistic but it is actually the truth Mind blowing... Absolutely masterpiece ðŸ”¥<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
.... I'd like to have a nice glass of wine with the mind who put this together. Incredible writing and the story is so strong you do not even pay attention to the questionable dubbed performance at times. Have left off one star as still one season to go. Who would say that german can make so great tv serie? Just that end, so many questions... cant wait for 3rd serie. Don't miss this, perfection in every way from beginning to the end! I don't usually write reviews unless I really want to recommend it. Dark is an unusual surprise. I went in with very average expectations and I was blown away to the complexity of the universe created within the show. At times, I'd go back to characters list to keep track of everyone at each timeline, but it's been worth the effort. Season 2 especially has been even better. Don't miss this one, guys. It's top notch and the best Sci Fi thriller on Netflix. What a stellar masterpiece. Hoping Season 3 gives a befitting conclusion that it deserves. The story is so interesting that you can't stop talking about it and besides that the dialogues are perfect.
Directer definitely knows how to get the audience interested. An absolute Masterpiece . The best show so far with excellent acting. A must watch show Absolutely one of the best, most mind bending shows I have ever watched. Once I started I couldn't stop. I'm constantly thinking about the show and what could be and what could come next. I think this is the best time travelling tv series I have ever seen.Not virtual things but complicated.I think you need to remember whole names til the end.Otherwise you will surely get lost in the middle of the series.So it is a advice fro me.You need to keep your eyes on every moment because icons ,pictures and other small things in this series are connect with others.<br/><br/>whole story is connect with four major families call Kahnwald,Nielsen,Tiedemann and Doppler.I'm not going to spoil this valuable story.So you should definitely watch this. Nothing to explain this masterpiece!
Just Watch.
One Warning âš  :- Get ready to go in trauma after ending. There are great moments in this show, and then there are confusing moments.
Although it borrows from several shows, it does manage to bring it together in an original way.
The atmosphere is great, the cinematography is great, the editing is great. But sometimes it becomes confusing. There are a lot of characters, each with their own story arc, and sometimes their own timeline.
In general, the acting is good, but there is sometimes serious overacting. If you don't understand German, it can seem like they are acting great, but if you understand it, you'll know what I mean when you see it.
I don't agree with the 10-scores that are rampant for this show. It's great, but not a masterpiece. It has it's weaknesses.
It doesn't rise to the levels of Breaking Bad, the first 6 seasons of Game of Thrones, Fargo, True Detective season 1, The Wire...
Still, I recommend it as Netflix has a lot of mediocre and bad shows. "Dark" is the TV show to which I compare all other suspense/thriller/sci-fi shows. It is the gold standard as far as plot, pace, acting, soundtrack, and story line. SO GOOD. Watch it! Unlike any other time travel s*** I've seen so far......
Okay, now what typically happens in most time travel based TV's & Movies is that the protagonist goes back to the past to do something that will change something in his/her present time & honestly, we have seen this kind of concept over & over again, we are over it! But this time it's different. This show brought something unique to the game & it blew my mind.
A lot of people are whining about the complexity of this series & yeah! I wouldn't argue about that. This series is so over the top complex. At first, I thought this was a horror or twin peak kind of stuff, who would've thought they would be travelling back & forth from past to present then again travelling beyond past. I know what I am saying doesn't make any sense, you need to watch it first to make sense. There was even such a time that I was trying so hard to keep my eyes open to the extent that my will finally broke & I went to sleep. I mean, seriously, it's like torturing yourself. But it didn't take me many episodes after I was starting to realize the magic & the brilliancy of this series! WOW!!!!! Instead founding myself bored, I was getting goosebumps & chills all the way. Seriously, I am not exaggerating here if that thought crossed your mind. It took me a little more than a week to finish s1 but s2 just took me off by storm & finished it in just 2 days! Just give it some time! It will come to you eventually.
I absolutely loved that every episodes of this series ended with a music & Oh boy! Dope ones they are & I liked the intro music too much. At first, I was skipping it but as I am going deeper into the series, that intro music became my go to music if I am watching this. Totally avoided in s1 but listened to it in every episode of season 2. I know it's awkward, but it really happened. But, hey! Maybe I am being ludicrous.
My only criticism would be all those ominous sounds in the background from the very beginning. Man! What's up with that? Maybe the director thought it would not be in their best interest to give it any happy moments and maybe that's what made this series a little dull in the beginning.
Overall, this series is just extraordinary. I have never seen anything like this and over the top complexity & suspense that is what make this series a MASTERPIECE!
Give it some time & it will blow your mind.
A MUST SEE INDEED This is one amazing series. Just when you think you have it all "down", it bursts forth with another character or another time. This is not a "shut my eyes for 2 minutes" type of series. It you did, you'd miss so much. Highly recommend. What a great German series, Germany is really up there making great series now. Both this and "Pagan Peak" are suburb shows. You don't even notice you are reading subtitles. You can almost figure out what they are saying without subtitles. One of the best in a long time. Best tv show, I've ever seen. The story is so smart. Every character is well written, you van love them, you van hate them. The casting is so amazing, 10/10. I love the secrets, and I can't wait to see season 3. Thought this would have a higher rating! One of the best shows ive seen in my life! When my friend recommended this show to me, she did not give me any details as to what the plot was and now that I have seen both seasons, I cannot thank her enough. The first few episodes are very hard to understand and it will take you some time to decipher the plot. However, once you are drawn in, there is no going out. The concept is so unique and the story develops so intensely, you will be at the edge of your seat.<br/><br/>The show is beautifully shot. There is a superb level of consistency in the content and writing, which many shows fail at even today. Please do not watch it in English. Put your education to use and follow the subtitles. The cast is brilliant and whoever the casting director is, needs a serious raise.<br/><br/>Having said all this, I cannot wait for season 3. It's widely known that Germany has a reputation for paying a ridiculous amount of attention to detail in their cinematic productions. Dark is simply on another level. Season 1 is amazing. Season 2 is no less than mind blowing.<br/><br/>Acting performances are no less than sublime. The plot is well paced, amazingly smart, and ridiculously entertaining.<br/><br/>Truly a marvel of modern television; without hesitation one of the best series I've ever seen. I'd give this 11/10 if I could.<br/><br/>Don't miss it! The best show I had ever seen on Netflix. This show is just awesome. Just watch it without giving a second thought! Very good overall...<br/><br/>Season 1, especially the first episodes, suffer a bit from a slow pacing and a lack of genuineness from the actors, but it gets better and gets you hooked.
Season 2 is the logical following, just as good, maybe even better during some episodes or scenes that are truly grasping.
The musical soundtrack fits very well, though it is a bit repetitive over all the episodes, and one gets quickly used to the tracks...
Dark's intro is sucessfully visual with the score Goodbye by Apparat fitting once again really well.<br/><br/>With regard to the plot, it is quite convoluted especially at first, but with the episodes everything starts to unfold, knot after knot. What is also rewarding is that you progressively get real answers to the questions arisen, while of course often being fed with new riddles and mysteries. There are a few plot twists too, but no clickbaity cliffhangers between the episodes (there isn't really a need for that, the plot in itself is enough to make you binge-watch it).
The relationships between the characters are very complex and you might want to keep a family tree close while watching (there are some quite well done out here on the Internet). This howevers requires a lot of attention since the episodes jump from one period of time to another and it is a bit hard at first to follow when it starts doing so. Past this, this series will blow your mind with its complexity and the way everything is connected (alles ist miteinander verbunden!).<br/><br/>The cherry on top is that it is a german show, which is fairly unusual, yet I found it very satisfying, both for the originality, and it's a fine way to learn the language, or to improve your knowledge (with the subtitles!).<br/><br/>In short: original, refreshing and clever! One of the best Netflix TV series. It is very thrilling and suspenseful show. Great direction. This show has such a mind bending storyline through 2 seasons and its looks like theyre going to take it to the next level in S3. Great acting, soundtrack that gives the show a thriller vibe and always has you wanting to know more. One of the best shows I've watched. Highly recommended Amazing show
Everyone should watch this<br/><br/>It's must watch show I liked season 1 but it seems season 2 has still more unanswered questions according to what people have said and I feel to watch 2 I need to re watch 1. So dilemma - do I just wait till it's all over watch binge watch the lot. Because it takes too much time trying to remember each time zone of the same character it's far too much to invest in one season at a time. Ain't got time for that. Best tv series ever
Can't wait season 3
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 Perfection.
Plot, twists and revelations in the most logical way it could be, unlike what Jonathan Nolan did in west world abusing the multiple timelines thing to add any spice or plots he needed without making anything and getting away with that.
And the cast, cannot think of other people making it any better !!
Also the cinematography .. I really really really really enjoyed watching every second of it.
Writing ?!!! one of the few things I watched that stick to being rational and not too fiction-y !! The whole thing was totally believable and on the spot science-wise ! The writing thing reminds me of the other good Nolan - Christopher - works.
And finally, strangers things my ass - even though I really enjoyed watching season 1 and it kept me hooked - but it got the thriller and keeping on the edge of your seat from stranger things but the nerdy classy writing from Rick and Morty, inception, Intersteller and I cannot think of other great shows that I watched lately.
Definitely on the top of my best-that-could-ever-happen-list.
Germany wins, america sucks, Germany rules all, mini waves in celebration to Netflix. *in chandlers voice* Remember True Detective and Hannibal? They were mesmerising. They were the kind of series they you just watch once. You didnt want them to be compared with any other decent series. You don't want to relieve that memory. You cherish those moments you saw and appreciated every second. Same goes for "Dark". You appreciate every moment and you are always kept in awe while watching it.<br/><br/>Theories become reality infront of you. The space time Continuum is disturbed and it's happening. Every silence,every stare, every scare has a meaning.<br/><br/>"Dark" is an opportunity in itself. Don't miss it. Let's be fair! This is the greatest show I have ever seen. I made this IMDb account purely to review it and sing its praises. It is a work of art, it's a true masterpiece. I have never in my life seen a show this amazing, and I was raised on classics. Everything is perfect! The plot, the cast, the acting, the original score and the licensed music. DARK is my absolute favourite show ever, and it has been for over a year and a half now. I would say watching it in German with subtitles is manditory. I've watch it in both sub (alone for the first time) and dub (when I forced my grandmother to watch it with me) and the dubbing leaves much to be desired. It distracts a lot from the feel of the show and may affect your view of the shows quality (when the low quality of the dubbing). If anyone out there thinks Stranger Things is better? You're wrong. First review of a movie/series ever. It needs to be set as an example for modern day standards. No more melow drama easy watch sci fi with simple minded stereotypes and dull storylines. Complexity is the new sexy! I can't remember when was the last time I've written an IMDb review, if ever. But I just want to give this series another 10 as I can simply not find anything wrong.<br/><br/>The music, the acting, the story... Multiple scenes in season 2 gave me goosebumps or had me sit on the very tip of my chair I can't remember when I had this for a whole season on any show ever.<br/><br/>I thought season 1 was good, but after seeing the ending I was convinced they were never going to keep this up. But season 2 is a magnitude better than season 1.<br/><br/>And I thought Twin Peaks was amazing, man... I just cant believe how perfectly they chose the cast.it's CRAZY!
By the way don't forget to go and enjoy the amazing soundtracks after u finished this masterpiece guys :) This is my first ever review on IMDB, if you are toying with the idea of watching this then you must, I am busy re watching the first series to catch up before the second and it is just awesome! soundtrack, setting, atmosphere, entwined story lines are some of the best I've ever seen. It needs to be watched in original German language with subtitles, as the dubbed version ruins it, and give it your full attention as there is so much to take in! THIS is how you film an excellent mind blowing story. This is not for the brain dead audience, this is something for viewers who are interested in highly complex story lines, multi level character developments and who like to solve puzzles by their own on paper or on fandom websites.
This must be rated 9,x on IMDb, more close to a 10 than to a 9 in my opinion. Good work for this TV show good luck for netflix and thank you netflix Simply Da best
Epic
Iconic
The soundtracks are just perfect Best show ever Never have I felt the need to leave a review on imdb until now. I implore you to watch this show. I know it's in its infancy and we don't know what the future holds.<br/><br/>So far every episode in my opinion is flawless. The soundtrack is the best soundtrack ever. The character development is incredible. It is everything we have wanted in a TV that previous big names have dissatisfied.<br/><br/>Dark, gritty, and unrelenting.<br/><br/>Themes of fate, destiny and intelligent design are woven meticulously throughout every episode. Thought provoking and enthralling. This show does not hold your jand explaining everything that happens the story telling is very mysterious and gloomy but as it goes on everything starts to clear up and reveals an incredible interlocking story where every single character plays a crucial role whether you expected it or not and the science behind it all is very interesting, if the future created the past, which was first? Thoroughly enjoying this set, far deeper a plot than stranger things and a truly fascinating watch.
The only niggle is getting past the language not being lipsynced, being an originally German production, but once your immersed, this isn't a problem.
Well worth the watch tho. Best thrilling ,mind bending , super exciting TV shows I love it !! awesome!! I recommend everyone to watch this series otherwise you will missed the masterpiece.good work by Netflix keep it up Title is a pun if you get through the majority of the season. The beginning is very slow paced you might even want to shut it off and not continue watching but once it picks up speed about half way through it just keeps on going faster and faster.<br/><br/>It is definitely worth the wait from the slow build up, can't wait for season 2 now that we have uncovered the main plot.<br/><br/>The beginning will remind you a lot of Stranger Things, but by the end it blows it out of the water and has nothing in common.<br/><br/>Some people hate the synth sounds but I actually enjoyed it, kept you in the mood to watch the parts that would trudge along.<br/><br/>As the title suggests the show gets very Dark. OMG this series is just amazing. Best series on time travel. Amazing Another mind blowing series from Netflix. Really blows your mind. Found a glimpse of movie predestination in it. The concept is similiar to predestination but it really amuses you. A good watch for lovers of time travel movies. Firstly, I really liked this show.
Second, I had difficulty following it even after my wife drew me a vein diagram and flow chart!!!
Scani Noir with a German twist.
The costume, music and vehicles are all great and an important part of the story line.
Lots of plot holes if the think about it to much but really well done.
Worth a go and yes Hollywood this is how to make a great and impressive series. There's an English dubbed version out there but I fully recommend getting subtitles and watching the original German. I just got through watching the first season. I think it has the perfect balance of plot, characters, and the ole leave you hanging feeling. One complaint I have with some shows is they go too far with multiple storylines/timelines/etc; at some point it becomes incoherent. Not here, great show! Looking forward to the second season. This series is full of mystery everytime you will curious to know what will happen where are the boys how they go to past any time travel or something is wrong with nucler power plant.
Everything is good but i think writter tries to strech the stroyline Honestly I was hesitated to watch a not english series because of the languge but this one has changed my mind and I attracked to it every single moment ot is really a materpiece I don't understand the erroneous comparison to Darker Things. This series is by far one of the most original I have seen in ages.<br/><br/>Part crime thriller, part horror and part Sci Fi time travel paradox and as dark as the title suggests.<br/><br/>The story is complex and a little hard to follow at times for the non German speakers, but rewarding enough to justify the effort of paying attention.<br/><br/>This is adult viewing.<br/><br/>While Stranger Things probably had wider appeal as it's story was more aimed at the 'Young Adult' audience. And while Darker Things referenced a lot of familiar American pop culture, Dark stands alone in it's own claustrophobic world.<br/><br/>Very original, very European and very satisfying.<br/><br/>9/10 stars from this viewer. Wow. This is the kind of film that makes my brain hurt, but in a good way. I've watched all of "Stranger Things" and I'm not certain that I would have drawn *any* comparisons between that series and "Dark" if I hadn't read the reviews here. Yes, there are similarities, but this series is a true one-of-a-kind and I am completely hooked. I loved every minute of it and can hardly wait for S3.<br/><br/>Side note: I was relieved when I *finally* heard a "Delorean" reference toward the end... I was beginning to wonder of this took place in some alternate universe in which "Back to the Future" hadn't been released just a year prior to some of the events.<br/><br/>If you're at all on the fence about diving into this one, just clear your calendar, stock up on snacks, put on a pot of coffee, get comfy on the sofa and JUMP IN. You need a lot of patience to watch this show. Lot of characters ,confusion with a very slow paced storyline . Took me 4-5 episodes to follow the actual story. The entire season could have been cut short to 5 episodes. When Micheal died Mikkel was 11 yrs .how come Micheal and Mikkel lived in the same time for almost 11 yrs? May be I will get the answer in season 2. Interesting plot but not very well executed. Dark is really mindblowing series on Netflix. Although it's hard to follow connections between characters and situations, it makes you surprised in every episode. Now this is an original and mysterious storyline. It was a bit complicated and confusing in the beginning, but eventually (almost) everything becomes clear. I watched it in German with subtitles. Excited for the next season! First I would like to say that I enjoy the Danish and German shows that are being produced on Netflix. I've already reviewed The Rain which I thoroughly enjoyed and this series as well. The title of the series explains the overall mood of the show. The cinematography shows dark colors, lots of grays in the film which sets the mood (try watching the show when when it's night or raining) that will get you aligned! The characters you will love to hate or hope for there is no doubt! I found the characters to be a little confusing to the story because there are many characters. I've watched different review videos on You Tube; I strongly recommend that you watch the series with an open mind and ignore these videos. You will get more out of the show when you have an unadulterated view. I really enjoyed the writing of this series-give the writers full credit they need awards for this show. Probably one of the best dystopian shows I've seen this year. You will have to watch it all the way through, don't stop after two episodes because the story gets clearer after you've seen at least half of the series. I watched the entire series twice because there was a lot I missed during the first viewing. The story has been done before, it gave me a Twilight Zone feel to it, but that's just my opinion you might see something else. I also enjoyed the character development as the show progresses you really need to listen to what the characters are saying, everything counts in this show! Overall I will look forward to season 2. Incredible. Edge of seat. Will watch again. 
To get subtitles just go to audio setting. Change audio to original German. Then turn on English subtitles. 
Enjoy Absolutely satisfying!<br/><br/>I thought I was gonna be in for a treat when I watched the Cloverfield Paradox. Just the way it started off and the ideas presented, but by the end I was like "meh".<br/><br/>Now this treat right here.. I seen it recommended in my list and was just looking for something to watch and oh boy I was instantly hooked..<br/><br/>Just a damn good show and I will rewatch soon. This show was very well done. The plot,writing,acting, and how the story was constructed were all superb. The show could almost be described as like a more sophisticated, deeper, darker stranger things but, still very different than stranger things. This is a very deep and intellectual show. Also the show only reveals bit by bit so there is a lot of intrigue and questions through out the show which I really liked. When I saw the trailer for this I thought it looked okay but, it wasn't a show I was dying to see. The show ended up being way better than the trailer. The show starts off slow but, as the show reveals bit by bit each episode your left with so many questions and intrigue, I was glued to my seat dying to see the next episode. This is one of the shows that is so good you may end up watching the entire season in one night. I wanted to watch the entire season in one night but, I liked the show so much I wanted to savor each episode and I ended up watching the season over a week or so. After I finished the season I was sad because there were no more episodes to watch and I knew I would have wait a long time for season 2 to come out. If you like the missing, stranger things, the killing, the tunnel you will probably like this show. 9/10 Released on December first 2017 Dark flew under my radar for months on end. I'd heard about a new German TV show on Netflix but I could never find the time or the sufficient amount of interest to see it. However, that all changed when multiple people recommended it to me, they did so with an amount of passion that I felt a bit harassed at first. Having seen the TV show in it's entirety I now understand where they were coming from. 
Dark is an amazing show period and there is no exaggeration in that statement. Should you see it? That should be a no brainier. Netflix has continued to impress me with their steady stream of high quality TV shows. 
Dark is Netflix's first German production and it was a gamble worth taking. The European thriller aesthetic is dominant and refreshing as the show feels very unique. I've seen people compare it to another Netflix show, Stranger Things, and granted the comparison is warranted but Dark is such a deeper show in every single aspect.
The most impressive part of Dark is it's structure and plot. The pacing is a great mixture of that slow burn that any good thriller needs with enough of a steady stream of information and events to keep you on the edge of your seat. As a season it works flawlessly with no character arcs that felt wasted or out of place. The characters are written so incredibly well that you feel like you personally know each one. And that is a true feat in a show that boast over 70 characters. Only Game of Thrones has been able to make me care about more than 5 characters, this show now joins that category. 
This is a character driven show to it's core and I will refrain from saying anything else as I won't spoil anything for you. Those characters were brought to life beautifully by an amazing ensemble cast of German actors that bring their A game to every scene. I've never said this in a review but the casting in this show really has to be commended. This show has the best casting I've ever seen period, you'll get it when you see it. Finally this show must be seen in German and I can not stress that enough. I've seen the dubs and they lack the spirit and emotive skill that the real cast bring to their nuanced performances.
It might be hard for some but trust me it's completely worth it. 
The reality is that this show is extremely hard to review without mentioning any spoilers so I'll conclude with this, Dark is my favorite Netflix show to date. It's far better than Stranger Things and even the newly released Altered Carbon, which I also loved. Dark is a flawless season of television if there ever was one. My score for it could change on multiple viewings but for the better. You should re-watch this season so you understand it fully as it could be a challenge on a first viewing for some, regardless it's a challenge worth accepting. So go watch it right now and be prepared to be blown away. 
Final Grade: 9/10 It's very clever how the show reveal itself, how you begin to understand characters background, I just couldn't stop watching. I was left with many unanswered questions. I am looking forward next season. Probably at least as good as Stranger Things, and so much deeper. The soundtracks were fantastic, the beginning was a little slow but after that there was always something going on. I'm just finished watching the first 2 episodes. Watched this after watching Dark Matter (another excellent show that everyone would see). So far I'm all in. This is the kid of show that make you think. Makes you watch for small details. Everything as the show says is connected. And I'm hooked. After really enjoying The Expanse, which I only discovered by hearing the music and then reading reviews on here, I decided to take the input of all the reviews on IMDB and give this a go.<br/><br/>I went with the original German audio and English subtitles. I gave it three episodes but it just dragged on for too long and was becoming tediously preachy about how 'bad' nuclear power is.<br/><br/>It might be about time travel but I felt like I'd travelled back to the 80s with the barrels of toxic nuclear waste and the ever present agenda that Nuclear is bad. I was almost expecting Troma's Toxic Avenger to come staggering out of the cave at any moment.<br/><br/>Case in point is how we are meant to be shocked by the sudden death of so many birds. Well if you are going to portray Nuclear as bad because they might be killing birds, how about the amount that are chopped up by wind farms?<br/><br/>I tried to focus on the tense story but just couldn't shake this finger wagging of nuclear power is bad and ultimately I want to be entertained not lectured to. I just wast my time watching it,it's not good at all and who ever did this is sick I am watching this series for thrill of time travel, but unfortunately first two parts are very boring and dull due to its slowness. It is trend of today that series means dull and slowness are essential parts. I hate this thing. They could be made interesting series not looking at its endless parts. In this series one could not connect the story plot. One there are many confusing characters at least i did not understand who is who ? Second horror and suspense is very rare like salt in meal. Three time line is very confusing as all scenes mix up one after another. Viewers should have super brain to connect them very well. Director know, story writer know, script writer know but they all failed to know their knowing to comman viewers. Very stupid attempt. Things I didn't like-
The pace of the story is extremely slowly directed
there is nothing new or surprising
Overall I just wasted my 10 odd hours.
I watched both the seasons. A series should always conclude its plot in 1 season whereas the next season can take spin off with the previous conclusion. I hate series where the entire suspense carry forward to the next season. This series is pathetic. Very Boring. I completed Mind Hunters, Stranger Things, Sacred Games in 2-3 days where every inch was interesting. For this, I doze off in every episode as it was pathetically boring. <br/><br/>PLEASE AVOID THIS. IT IS TOO BAD. Dark started with a good first season which let you hope that some of the mistakes that german movies and series make would get better in the second season. It could have been an international breakthrough but the new episodes really feel weak and exactly like not what i wanted to see. Just because the show is called dark, it doesn't mean that all the characters have to be dark and depressive. Are there people in winden that ever smiled in their lives at all? Or did they lose that ability through some mystic circumstances? Maybe we will find out in season 3. It is just so hard to watch. No figure gets enough screentime in one episode, there is a constant jumping from here to there between all the characters. So as everything gets more complex and more mysterious, i more and more stopped caring about the boring kids in this little german village. I'm tired. I think i should take a nap before the new season of stranger things starts. Maybe because I watched this with awful dubbing but the story is poor and the actors seem wooden
Definitely won't be watching the second season Good cinematography, that's all this show has going for it. Poor soundtrack section, shallow and cliched plot. Disappointing. I can't believe the good reviews for this. They must have been all written by 16 year olds. Over the top acting, shockingly bad dubbing, a puerile plot line which is an insult to good sci fi. Sort of watchable to begin with but then turns to a pile of C**P. The level of weird unprocessed angst in this speaks volumes about Germany's underlying guilt from 60 years ago. Oh if only we could turn back time and just undo it! Yeah right. I had heard this was good and I like time-travel stories, so got into it. But there are so many scenes where someone asks a question and the other person just stares at them for a minute, maybe says a couple of words that don't make sense, then just walks away. WTF? SAY SOMETHING! SOOOO frustrating to watch this.<br/><br/>I'm half-way through season two and want to stop watching it because it's dragging on and on but I have to finish it to see how the characters are wrapped up.<br/><br/>The filming and photography are good, although I'm sure there could've been SOME sunny days slipped in here and there somewhere. Seriously, is it ALWAYS dark and about to rain? Yeah, I know, that's the title but it gets depressing after awhile and I have to watch other things periodically.<br/><br/>If this story had been told in one season, it would be good. Well made, well acted but the voice over dubbing is atrocious. The biggest flaw in this web series its just too many characters and its hard to keep track and follow the storyline. Ulrich, Joans Khanwald , Ines Khanwald, Katharine, Hannah, Tidelman and there are some charcters u wont even know the name if u dont rewind back to the earlier episode. And if thats not enough, wait till these characters are again reappear in the mid 80s. There is a boy who goes missing and the town of Widen has a creepy past of such disappereance. A sobbing cop looses his son after his brother went missing thirty hree years back, His follow up leads to a cave adjacent to a nuclear plant. Nearly every charcter is somewhow demented and pissed There is no coherent and focused storyline. There are jumps in between scenes u wont know, is it 1986 or 2019? Every ten minutes or so a new charcter arrives and u will start rooting just who is it ? There is no screenplay that even care to mention who they are ? A doctor, watchmaker, Nurse, transgender, old guy lurking in the woods and a time travelling dude. Its just too much of them. The film is engaging when the mystey behind the cave, bunker and a time device is told about. Barring that there are only needless prologues especially between the confused teens. 'Stranger Things' was more lucid and didnt gave me a headache as this one did. If only i didnt care for the first child who disapper i wouldn't have even completed the whole series. I dont recommend it to anybody !! I like Mikel and the story line but I feel like I am in some sort of black hole, and it's getting really annoying lolz. definitely makes u thinks bout , if your future is already planned and all this other 'who am I really' . Love it but again very draining I couldn't go past the pilot. Cinematography and everything is very good, it's atmospheric even, but I just didn't like it.
It was probably meant for a younger public. A boy disappears mysteriously in a small village next to a forest and private facilities. The story is played by different characters of the town, including the family of the disappeared and a policeman who works alone. Sounds familiar?<br/><br/>Dark is essentially Stranger Things with time travel instead of a parallel universe, has better cinematography, and less interesting characters.<br/><br/>The characters are so monotonous that it is difficult to be invested in them; there is no character to relate with. The protagonist seems to be Jonas, but ends up being one of the characters with less screen time. The most interesting characters are Mikkel and Hannah, but for each Hannah, there is a Charlotte.<br/><br/>The series is mainly science fiction with elements of mystery and drama, but it focuses more on the melodrama of the characters with not much happening in each episode; the story seems to only progress in the last 2 minutes of each episode. Where is the notion of adventure? Where is the intrigue?<br/><br/>It's no spoiler to mention that the show uses the Novikov self-consistency principle as the rule for time travel, since it's the first thing they mention in the show: "everything is connected". So much so, that the show opens up with a quote by Einstein: "The distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion". The principle affirms that it would be impossible to create time paradoxes, and yet the show contradicts itself with paradoxes, just like the watchmaker acknowledges in the last episode.<br/><br/>The ending leads to nothing, and only creates more questions than it answers. In conclusion, Dark is a series with an interesting concept featuring not so interesting characters. Ok, considering the success of Stranger Things, why wouldn't some other show produced by Netflix try to go down its pass?
Well, as it turns out, when the writing and acting and directing is bad, it becomes a sub-average show.
The story revolves around a small city, near a nuclear plant. And mysterious thing happens! I mean, come on!! It is so slow, the characters are so underdeveloped, the dialogues is so immature, the music is so terrible that it makes the watching experience torturous. 
The story and logic behind it is full of holes, there are so many moments that all the problems can be solved but the writers come up with unbelievably dumb twists to extend the story. The show, takes itself and the logic behind peculiar events waaaay too seriously.
I couldn't believe that so many people rated it so high! These ratings show how shallow people's expectation from TV shows are! really sad. The first 6 episodes of season 1 are brilliant. I was both in shock and in love while watching most of the first season. But it gradually gets worse as the plot-holes appear and pile up till they cannot be ignored any longer. As much as there is suspense and shock because of the revelations, some important things that don't make sense are never explained. Too many cliffhangers make the suspense of the series cheap. But generally it still is considered good as it mixes sci-fi with thriller. I've only seen the first three episodes. I love it ! So, yeah, it reminds of so many other series based on the same plot : Twin Peaks, Stranger things, Fortitude, Top of the lake, The Killing, etc. <br/><br/>A closed community, an oppressive feeling of confinement, someone has disappeared; a gruesome murder has been committed, a bunch of weiiiird locals with unclear backstories that will unfold gradually, daaark (very daaark) forests, caves, some paranormal stuff, a government (here, a nuclear power plant) conspiracy. And, oh yes, a mad scientist. And another one, but a good one.<br/><br/>Filming is very good. I pray god the sun will never shine ; It would destroy the daaark atmosphere. Acting is average. I watch the series in German with eng subs. Being French, it adds up to the eerie feeling you get watching this kind of show at midnight alone.<br/><br/>All this is cliché as cliché can be. Can't wait to see the rest of it. Oh dear, soooooo slow to get the storyline going. I don't recommend it if you like to stay connected to the story each episode. Plus there were far too many characters over too many timelines to try to remember who is who, how are they related to the storyline and each other, way too busy. The premise is good, but that's about it. I love sci fi, but it needs to move along at an interesting pace, this did not. Apparently German TV series filmmakers now have the "slow burn" disease. How else are you going to fill a season (or two or more)? Maybe draw it out with endless ten second meaningless scenes with really spooky music. I often wonder how "24" did it. Seems like a dream of so long ago. Has there been a single fast paced TV series made since. So tired of the so called "Slow Burn" formula. I think it's really a cop out for mediocre script writing. I saw this because of the high ratings and I am totally disappointed. I as it is don't like the concept of time traveling and time machines and this made me hate it even more. I would have given it a 2 or 3 stars but I'm giving it 5 because it managed to make me watch this 2 season long nonsense thinking something will happen that made it an 8.7 rated show.<br/><br/>What a waste of time! I pity myself. Are all these 9/10 rated reviews bought? Makes me wonder. I liked the searching for and getting Mikkel back story, the dynamic between the four families and the acting and cast members are awesome, the time travel concept was kinda intriguing. However this show is far from perfect. The music's pretty lame, and Jonas is quite possibly the most boring protagonist I've ever known, and I was really tempted to skip all of his scenes. The ending of season 2 about the different worlds really just lost me instead of getting me more interested, but my least favourite part was probably the part when Jonas and Martha willingly kissed each other and declared themselves the perfect pair even when they both knew they were aunt and nephew. I personally can't stand incest. I'm glad other people like it though, and I will be watching season 3 though I might do a lot of skipping and skimming. Poor acting, story very confusing.
review from a native german speaker!
not worth the time. stay away from this poor series.<br/><br/>most anoying is that in most scenes someone is heavyly breathing or wheezing and that very poorly.<br/><br/>has someone of the producer team has seen the series before it has been released ?????
maybe the synchronisation speakers are better. but the original german ones s**<br/><br/>poor acting from the maincharacter. first person i would have changed asap. It had an intriguing beginning, but then some massive plot holes emerged that relied too heavily on characters keeping secrets that were simply implausible. It's a shame, because Dark demands your full attention. If you look away for a moment, you'll miss an important plot point.
Ultimately, I think the writers hope that we'll overlook the plot holes because the story appears to be so convoluted and "clever". But it's not as clever as it thinks it is.
12 Monkeys delivers much more entertainment. Dark is time twisting paradox nonsense that is not only derivative, but it takes itself far too seriously in a humourless and angsty way.
The one redeeming feature is that it looks gorgeous in 4K. The story moves very very slow, the first 4 episode is actually one episode story. And actings are very robotic except one or two character which look normal. The kid Mikkel is the worst, he goes to different times but no reaction, no surprise, no emotion or anything.... Terrible! I don't think they have done any audition for this role. Save your time and watch a series with similar story line but much better acting like Stranger Things. It's a good series but the sound effects are so much louder than the dialogue sounds which makes you constantly adjust the voice which is SUPPER ANNOYING I love this. It's one of the first foreign series where the subtitles keep up with the scenes. It's hard for me to follow, but that is because I get distracted easily. Well worth the watch You'll probably hear that it's slow to get going, but is very good once it does. That's true. But I'll warn that it opens *a lot* of interesting threads, then only ties up a small fraction of them... to the point where it risks being unsatisfying. It promises a lot to entice you to follow the MASSIVE ensemble cast into season 2... but me personally, I'm not sure I'm willing to do the work to go that much further. When all the right people put their effort to produce such an elegant work it should be really appreciated,Dark combines all the right elements to give the viewer this beautiful series,casting was excellent,music and score was just amazing, simple but truly capturing the event,location sites are will chosen,and of course the plot,fresh and very addictive to watch .
i hope the next season will be as good or better than the first . The Stupidest explanation of Higgs Boson and dark matter that I have ever heard in any sci-fi movie. This is just stupid that they identify Higgs Boson as a time portal and claim it to be same as Dark matter? It is a very disturbing explanation, even in the context of sci-fi. Science Fiction is fiction, but it needs science, too! So many 10's? Why? People throw 10's around so often they mean nothing. 10 is perfection. Is this, or really ANYTHING in life perfection?<br/><br/>So let's start with the unrealistic 10.<br/><br/>It's a 9 because I have a hard time following the voice overs and German names. Sorry Heinz, if it were an Amerigoochee series I would be much happier.<br/><br/>It's an 8 because I can't follow the characters. I can't EVER track who's who at what age in what era. In fact, there are WAY too many main characters. Just confusing as hell.<br/><br/>It's a 7 because the pace is SOOOOOO SLOW. It's not character building if it's so slow that I lose interest and start dividing my attention with ANYTHING that stifles my boredom. Playing video games on my phone while watching this isn't helping me figure out who's who.<br/><br/>It's a 6 because of the mind numbing 70's sound effects from horror slasher movies. Doggone Germans are SUCH nerds. Get out of the last century for goodness sake...and that includes your wardrobes.<br/><br/>Other than that...the premise is AWESOME. Love the storyline, just fix the above issues. ...and we might have a 9...Jesus was the only thing perfect on earth. Finally got annoyed too much after a full 3 episodes with the inept pacing of the show and lack of depth. Someone needs to educate the creators that the point of a series is telling a story that doesn't fit into a movie. As far as I can tell, they'll just keep cutting back and forth between minimal content scenes until the end of season 2.
Too bad and what a waste of acting talent and money on this wanna-be mystery script. I am really having hard time watching this show, it is extremely slow, and as I said in the title very predicatable (at least if you have any kind of experiance with similar themed shows/movies and if you pay attention and think) and because of these two things, it is very boring to watch for the most part, when things that "should" get you excited, you predicted long ago and you just waited confirmation, converstations that you already know where they lead and so on...<br/><br/>Characters and acting is also very bland, story is just big maze *and even in that it fails if you start thinking hard about what is going on, you will predict it) but that's it, creating maze for the sake of maze and going back and forward does not make show a good show, good story does not need maze and "overcomplicating" things, it just needs decent plot and something to keep you interested in watching. Only thing that keeps me "interested" in watching this show is to see or to try to understand point of view of people who give this show 10/10, I am just very curious about it.<br/><br/>I do not recommend you to watch this show if you are someone who has experiance in shows/movies with similar theme, and if you like to take time to think who is who and what is what because you will see all of 2 or 3 episodes before episode in which you are "supposed" to find out what's going on or who is who. This show does not have any redeeming chapters It follows a meh storyline and most people would probably only watch it to sound smarter then they actually are Where do I start... Compelling cinematography, obviously a high-quality production. Unfortunately the authors spent a lot of time developing the story but neglected the logic of the storyline. Below is a list of just several glaringly obvious faults:<br/><br/>1) Why does Magnus take his 12 year-old brother into the woods to steal drugs from a missing teenager? This doesn't make any sense, no one brings their 12-year old brother into the forest to pick up hundreds of dollars worth of drugs.<br/><br/>2)When Ulrich is searching for his son in the cave he tries to break down a door that has a nuclear warning symbol on it. The door is locked. Who tries to break down a door that has a nuclear waste warning symbol on it? Would his son really have wandered in there?<br/><br/>3) When the deaf girl vanishes in the forest and comes home, her sister hugs her and then immediately afterwards slaps her for using her lipstick. When your little sister is missing after several other children have been missing, you don't slap your deaf sister immediately after see seeing her because she used a little bit of your lipstick...<br/><br/>4) Ulrich is convicted of rape and then becomes a police agent....<br/><br/>5) Regina Tieldemann's acting is awful. Also the entire scene where she gets into a physical fight with Katharina is RIDICULOUS. Why does she belittle, mock and insult a mother who's child vanished...<br/><br/>Incredibly disappointing. After writing a long review, then thinking better of it and deleting it. I can say it is best summed as such:<br/><br/>a 40 mins recap on Youtube is sufficient to show you everything interesting There is not one character that incites some kind of curiosity or fondness. In an intentional way it seems...
The score is jarring, as is the incessant jumping between scenes. Tried this because everyone loved it. But I struggled to make it through Episode 1. It was hard to keep track of all the people being introduced. It was hard to care about their individual situations. So it was hard to stay focused. Could be better if noise and sound effects are less used .. some noises makes heart suffering ..i was unable to continue till.the end .. You need to watch no further than episode 3 or 4 to figure out all the big reveals leading up to, and included in, the disappointing finale. Or at least that was my experience of this "deja-vu feeling" series, as the foreshadowing is made so over the top that even -12 children are able to guess the upcoming "twists". I was expecting something interesting. Or at least special. After all superstition is at home in Germany: burning witches, racial superiority, communism, they have done it all. Still, the result is a bland combination of some other shows. The camera is good, but the creativity is next to none and the mirroring of scenes quickly becomes annoying. Probably is the fake that pops out of every corner: everything is new, yet quickly adjusted to seem old and deteriorated. Season 1 episode 3 is all I could bare, sorry but it's very slow paced and pretty boring, the suspense musik leads to nothing. Nothing shocking happens, nothings which have not yet been made better in other shows. A really creepy, unappealling serie. Do not waste your time on this one It was a waste of time. How the hell could anyone says that it's 10/10? Full of nothing with good musics. That's it. :-( So sad. It's not bad but little too slow for my liking.
As a result the shock and suspense was not as impactful as it was supposed to be. In the middle episodes were dragged on too much. Otherwise a fine watch Season 1 was great but season 2 was exhausting. Too many characters in too many times. I need a good glass of wine and a good book. Life is to short. I really like this serie. Especially the first season. I like this TV show so far, it's one of the very few ones I would recommend someone to watch, it deals with the most important questions everyone would someday ask "why are we here" and "why do I feel like I've already seen this?", this is the first TV show I've watched that tries to answer these questions in an interesting yet dark way. Amazing show! Very deep and mesmerizing! If I had to compare it to other sci-fi I would say it has a Fringe/Stranger Things vibe. It explores similar areas but in its own original way! Highly recommend this show if you're a fan of sci-fi. Like a fictional twister,everything blows you away.The acting is superb,the CGI is good,but what makes this show different from other shows is the twists.
Just as any good show,it has a tight structure,likeable characters,the point of the show is the twists.In the show,the whole story is based on twists and a few mysteries(plus a few bodies).So,watching the show,get prepared to be blown away(to Kansas) The writing it excellent in this series (although there are many time-travel elements and paradoxes which don't quite seem to link up), the acting is great at times (and overkill at others) and the cinematography is appropriately 'dark'. However, I found the music generally quite irritating and over-dramatic. As I was watching it in German with English subtitles I kept reaching for the mute button. The score was repetitive and dull. That aside it is a very good series. The last week I watched the entire series, and I have to say that I'm quite impressed.<br/><br/>First of all, the setting. The place and look of "Dark" is just amazing. You're going to see great pictures and very carefully chosen sets if you decide to watch it.
Overall the setting is very dark and slightly disturbing, however beautiful in its composition.<br/><br/>The story that is told, is interesting. It deals with questions we've all asked ourselves at least once and portrays them in a good manner. However, the story sometimes feels a little bit to superficial and now and then to profound. Nevertheless, if you liked e. g. "Stranger Things" (and similar series) you're good to go.<br/><br/>The acting was mostly on point. Many performances where really good, some performances disappointed me or were simply unsatisfying. <br/><br/>An aspect, that bothers me is the music. The sounds and the music is very fitting and thrilling. However, the music and sounds are constant. Almost no scene goes without them. Emotion and suspense doesn't need music and sounds all the time and after a few episodes it really was annoying me.<br/><br/>I was able to predict many turns but sometimes "Dark" caught me with a good twist. 
Some of the 10 Episodes where very good, others less, and I think that is the best way to describe "Dark":<br/><br/>I enjoyed watching this series but to me it didn't felt like a constant 'great show'. Sometimes it was very good and sometimes it was not- therefore I can't give this series more than 7 points.
Nevertheless, I recommend watching it because in its key elements and in an overall picture it is still good (German) series. This is the best series i've seen in 2017, the way the plot unravels is just beautiful and the acting is top notch. for people who say the voice over in English is bad, i recommend watching it in the original German with English subtitles, it just makes the series more intense and adds more to the dark and alluring theme of the series<br/><br/>Big up Netflix, i just hope season two can match this Dark is a mystery and triller series with a dash of science fiction. One must be very attentive to who-is-who in the plot so as not to lose the thread of the skein. The fates of the characters - the inhabitants of Winden, a German village - are entwined by paradoxical events that develop by having a worm hole (a temporal portal) in the homonym forest next to the village. The story is original, complex and well built, and gradually (and surprisinly) reveals the role of each player in the plot. Whoever is giving 10 didn't see any real good shows. Watch it if you want to see how a good scenario goes to nothing. I take back what I said in my last review. Kept watching and it gets better infact it gets brilliant Time travel stories are perhaps my favorite of all stories. This series is mind-bogglingly SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW but I could live with that IF<br/><br/>if only there were some characters I could actually care about. Jonah and Martha come close to being able to be cared about, but the rest are just hateful, nasty people who make me want to stop watching. I suppose the promise of parallel universe hopping makes season 3 potentially more interesting but not if the same nasty characters are constantly bringing the story down. Please help me here because i am lost...<br/><br/>So mika the kid, is the father of the guy whit the yellow jacket... but he only go to the past now...(in the presenent) ok its a little strange but ok,.....<br/><br/>in the end of episode 7 we see this guy with all the tatoos in is back... who is he???<br/><br/>and the guy that talks to the guy with the yellow jacket (in the future) (he is your father....) ho is this guy?<br/><br/>I am so lost.... please help me here I need to understand this before continue watching. <ul><li>So unnecessary intense. </li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>It is not important what series it is like with regards to the topic. No need to compare.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>No movie with a sudden voice ups and downs should be produced anymore.</li></ul> It's not Stranger Things. stranger Things had characters I like and care about enough to watch episode two. If you don't care about a dearth of likeable characters, this show is otherwise pretty great. I really don't care for it tho. This series is very slow. I don't care it is in German but what happens is confusing and the revelations come very slow. I lost my interest in this after a few episodes. Episode 1 is pathetic drivel, so ended it right there. I was hoping for a german masterpiece, but the acting is subpar.<br/><br/>The story could possibly convince, if they hadn't attempted those tired and weak horror flick gestures. Characters are not presented in a way that makes you interested in their fates. There's no mystery to intrigue you other than what is alluded to: "Look, here is a mystery". Weak fodder with no taste.<br/><br/>I'm so tired of wannabe TV-series that can't deliver anything unique. Lame - plot
<ul><li>acting</li><li>sets</li><li>sound effects</li><li>1 star for photography</li></ul> I enjoy a good twist, throw in some time travel, but this just kept getting deeper, more convoluted, and more confusing.
Not helping that the boys look the same to me. And some of the girls.
It got to the point where I just gave up. I kept watching, but care factor dropped away completely, mostly just curious how it would play out.
I didn't enjoy Inception because of the noise and attempt to be too clever by half, repeatedly, and this did same to me.
Its still good, could have been a million time better leaving it to be much simpler. and making characters more easily remember able. Just too many character...and just kept adding more, and then doing a double time frame to them, and then a triple, and then 4....and then 5
Will Season 3 be in Space? This serise is one of the best thriller on Netflix both season are good the only flaw I can say is it's too damn confusing to follow The first time I watched this TV series I was prepared for a simple and straight forward time travel story that involves 1-3 characters only BUT I was wrong.. I almost gave up on this TV series because of the many characters involved and the very very slow burn and slow unravel of the mystery. I am glad that I didn't gave up on it and found by the help of many people guides to the family trees involved in this TV series. I watched seasons 1 and 2 and I can say that both are great. Season 1 is slow pacing rising dozen of questions compared to season 2 which is little of faster pacing and it answered lot of those questions but raised another dozen of questions. I have to say that the acting wasn't that appealing from most of the acting staff as I found some reactions were little "cold" but I got used to it.. the most important is the core ideas that the TV series staff invested in and they did not depend on the love for the characters.. which is something very rare I find. All of the characters were in the past, present, and in the future through the episodes whether naturally (through the nature time course) or artificially (through time travel).. Once I finished season 2 my mind recalled the time travel concepts in terminator, predestination, and triangle movies. This movie needs patience and a notebook to write names and events.. after I finished season 1 I enjoyed the challenge that it gave me to keep up with it and season 2 really wasn't beneath season 1 in quality and challenge. Is it just me or the subtitles have been botched... missing at crucial part of film. I don't speak German so I cannot judge the quality of the translation, but I can tell when someone is speaking and I wish I could understand what they say. DARK- 70%
I am not quite sure how I feel about "Dark"
Before I Talk about the show itself, i must confess that this show has amazing camera work, and a very impressive sound engineer.
The story is enriched with flavor, and mystery... but for some reason, It took me around two weeks to finish season 1. 
That is quite uncanny for me to take so long, as shows like The OA and stranger things was a binge for me. This show does lie in the same category as them regarding creativity. 
I can't tell whether it was the German Language that made it difficult for me to see, or was it the horrible story structure the show portrayed, or was it a little bit of both?
I was hoping for a much more mind bending end as the show had the content to blow our minds at the end. 
I got bored throughout and just wanted to finish so I could know the ending. Shows like these need to have a very strong force to keep the audience interested, and I am not sure "Dark" did it absolute justice. 
I must give it 33 for originality, creativity, and professionalism. 
Story wise and execution: 17.8/35
Acting: 12.6/25
Camera work: 19.5/20
Sound: 20/20 A kid goes missing after another in a small town with a top secret government facility. The protagonist is a police of the town who has a fling with a widow.
The first 3 episodes reminds me a lot of stranger things.<br/><br/>I thought it was a German rip off of Stranger Things. 
Joke's on me, around mid season, the story took a sharp turn into a fast paced thriller without an episode of filler. <br/><br/>Although I said it is not like Stranger Things, but if you enjoy Stranger Things, you certainly would enjoy Dark. Boring serial actors are not good directing bad There is no suspense
just dont watch it I REALLY wanted to watch this show! After trying to watch it, it is SO obvious that Netflix Dubbed in English (from German). It is done very poorly, that it took away from the show, making it unwatchable! What a shame! This show has heart potential with the twist and turns keeps you grasping for more,but all in all it leaves more questions than answers. One of the most overrated series of Netflix!
Blindfolded fans gonna say I didn't understand anything lmao
How on earth Hannah couldn't recognize Michael in 2019? She was dating him for 33years!
Truth tastes bitter..Dark is slow,boring and overrated Whoever wrote this story may have wanted to do something like the masterpiece move Predestination (2014) but they failed beyond miserably.<br/><br/>Sample of distates
Rain
there are litterally countless scenes in the episodes where it is raining and people are holding umbrellas, yet the person in the spotlight, although wearing a jacket with a hoodie, always choose not to put the hoodie on their head and let it rain on them. You will also probably for the first time ever get to say "this rain really looks artificial".<br/><br/>The living day light
The script includes a girl at school explaining the physics behind a major apocalyptic event. The scientific details of this event can be heard repeatedly in TV broadcast throught the episodes, and the story is taking place within the confines of this apocalyptic event. Yet the whole planet is carrying on with life as usual. Dubbed English is not that great. Great pain to keep giving it a chance after 5 episodes. It's can be good but it's too slow boring etc. And also hitting your siblings or child is a normal thing for German people?? It's really annoying me. It's just barbaric. The show represent the timeloop on particular region and interconnected characters it reminds me predestination movie using the same concept and created the winden town -Characters just about to leave a room and open a door before turning around to answer 5/10
-Opening pickaxe sequence of first episode 10/10
-Time machine and random photos being left on kitchen tables and forgotten about 7/10
-Opening scenes of bums and closing scenes of depressing songs and slow close ups of faces 5/10
-People purposefully not answering questions because they can't
(if only the knew they we're actors and its a script!) ?/10
-Ending: Cheesy
Overall a great second season with beautiful cinematography, but not as enthralling as the first. The series almost satisfies everthing to be a dark sci-fi - gloomy environment, most of the scenes set in dark, grippy (tending to be) background score and depressing sub-plots. But there is one that is missing - a strong base storyline.
Basically, it can be a sci-fi driven plot where the events tend to unfold, or a depressing plot where sci-fi elements intertwine between them. But, unfortunately, it doesn't happen.<br/><br/>Though I am immensely impressed by the whole setting, some incredible performances by the lead characters and the background score, there are these kind-of repetitive sci-fi elements where one helds on to a 'special' number, with a 'predestination' kind of narrative. It may have produced jitters in the viewer's mind but certainly doesn't strengthen the main plot.<br/><br/>Appreciating the fact that it is German, the series still makes us to hold on to our seats and crave for what is out there in the dark.<br/><br/>Overall, its one of the better TV series out there with good technical excellence. The same waste of time like Lost you will experience with this show; you better watch Babylon Berlin instead - a really inteligent show with a much better script, with every episode bringing something new; in Dark nothing actually really happens, you will end up watching/losing many hours for nothing... just like Lost :(( Dubbed. Cannot watch subtitles or dubbed and it seems that more and more on Netflix are just that. If I want to read a story I will buy a book and I don't want to sit and watch lips moving where they shouldn't. This series' target audience are members of one specific religion and it's painfully obvious towards the end. I started watching this series because of IMDB rating, Story is good but I feel its too lengthy thats why I stopped watching after 5 episode's. An excellent series that could have been brilliant with a proper plot.<br/><br/>Script: The script is deep and well thought through. There are a lot of lines to follow, but this is possible because the series evolves in a slow pace.<br/><br/>Acting: The series features real characters. No flat characters with plastic faces but truely interesting characters you can identify with. The acting is great, from the adults to the children.<br/><br/>Context: Camera work and music give the whole series a mystical and captivating sense. The series does not realy on CGI and it also doesn't need that.<br/><br/>Plot: With the above content this series could have been brilliant. But then the plot is presented in the last episode. And in this last episode the series fails to deliver. Instead of doing things in their own brilliant way it goes 'Hollywood'. They try to fit in some CGI (and fail in doing this properly) and an open plot is presented with the making of money in a next season in mind. But dear makers: This series does not need (bad) CGI to make it brilliant, and it does not need to be recycled in a new season. It needs, and deserves, a proper ending. Brilliant stories have an ending because the ending makes them complete.<br/><br/>So with a proper ending this series would have deserved a brilliant 10. Now it has become an 8. I'm not going to watch the next season as they have taken turn that I don't want to follow. The movie is very interesting, but some of the accompanying soundtrack overpowers the words the actors are speaking. I really want to like this series. Unfortunately, I never knew time travel could be made to seem so boring. I keep falling asleep, only to be awakened by ominous music and thumping drums - and the characters not doing anything particularly interesting. Before I started "Dark", I read so many reviews of the series who were saying that this show is not a copy of "Stranger Things".
Just that this is a show about missing children, and supernatural things the gouvernment wants to hide from the people.<br/><br/>Of course the series are not exactly the same, but the ideas of the shows are.
Also you can see the similarities of the characters of both shows, its like they copied it and changed some little things afterwards to not make it that obvious.
The result is a mix of a lot of characters, but none of them seems to be an original on its own, so far I have not seen a single character I really like and really want to know whats happening to them, because they are all equally lying and equally boring.<br/><br/>The storyline however is not too bad, even though the time travel idea of this show is not anything new, but still refreshing and interesting to see.
Also the execution of the scenes are in most cases very well done, the dialogues are okay but nothing special, so its overall a watchable show.
I hope I can get into at least 1 of the characters, because this is the main weakness of the show in my opinion, all of them are even talking in the same manner, you can feel how they are acting from a script whose authors didnt think about different habits in speaking at all, for example someone stuttering or using a high amount of swear words or phrases, its nothing, everyone, doesnt matter if boy or girl, old or young, they are all talking the same, and nobody could do a joke, even when there were severall opportunities to do so, not that I want see real comedy in it, its just unnatural to be that serious the whole time even when being with friends. Everyone acts the same, and its like watching some clones in different roles interact with each other, just to get the story going.<br/><br/>Its a lot of wasted potential, they could just hire a second or even third author just to personalize the dialogues, so you can actually tell the difference between the people not only by their looks, but also in their way they talk and behave, until now I dont know a single name except for Mikkel, thats how boring all the characters are. Dark is a good show and the first season was very impressive. In season 2 we get a high quality show with a few wonderfully malevolent performances but the storytelling structure becomes a little too predictable. It's more than a moody song being there will soon give you a break to get something to eat but also knowing how much space there will be to a plot point continuation. It's good but it's done by some well crafted numbers. Having said that, it's still better than most of the garbage stealing our time. This show is getting 10 star ratings and some people are saying it is the best fictional television they have ever seen. Apparently they have must have very low standard.<br/><br/>I am clueless after watching episode 4 about what the show is all about. One of the worst writing I have seen. This movie is nothing else, but the German recent energy politics propaganda.
We should fear and hate nuclear energy, by their point of view.
The overcomplecated, hard to follow story line serves nothing else, but to fixate into our brains that the nuclear energy and it's waste is the cause of everything evil.
So it is a 100% brain washer.
I have to admit though, as a brain washer, it is a perfect one. Terrible writing. Really cringy (repetitive) exposition at points, doesn't move forward. I stopped watching after three or four episodes, can't remember. Yeah, at the end there is probably going to be some plot twist shenanigans, but I'm not enduring hours and hours of boring unimaginative filling material with no real purpose to itself, to get my mind blown in the last ten minutes.
The rest of the technical stuff is alright, cinematography, acting and so on, for that I give the four points.<br/><br/>And to all the Germans calling this a "masterpiece" and praising it: Just because "Dark" is slightly better than the average German dreck that is released non-stop by the German (basically state) television networks for a boomer target audience, doesn't make "Dark" a good or even average series. Since the quality is high im gonna be totally honest and kinda strict.Finishing the first season I was really excited.In my opinion, season 1 could be an absolute masterpiece with some minor changes in dialogues and mainly music.I think the biggest weakness of the series is music, at least in season 1.In certain instances i felt like there was no connection between what i was seeing and hearing whatsoever, I think you should try matching the tone of the series and creating an atmosphere, rather than songs that are ridiculously trying to add underlying meanings but completely fail, leaving an ugly feeling.FInd other ways to lighten the mood when it gets too heavy, which it really does.Now for season 2...It is so obvious that you dont know how to go on with the plot that its sad....Season 2 is filled with meaningless scenes that add nothing the actual story, and even if they do add, it is just confusion to an anywise kinda complex scenario.You took away the addictive fast moving pace that s1 so much had, and replaced it in s2 with a slow paced muddy thing filled with nonsense philosophies, at least the acting is good...my rating is just for the sake of s1 that i loved so much...s2 was really dissapointing for me and i wouldn't keep watching if it wasn't for such a cliffhanger.Do what you must and bring the series back to life please. I know it's a fantasy story but still the human expression and acting should be realistic which is not in this series case, I don't think its the actors who are bad but the director! I watched the whole 2 seasons annoyed by the extreme dramatic face expressions and non realistic body reactions! I'll give 8 stars only for the story concept I think we will watch parallel universes on 3. Season. And there is will be second 3 dates. Is this a spoiler? Maybe.. It's a good show: time travel, paradoxes and character conflict. It tries to stuffed the 10 episodes with so many characters, so many subplots (irrelevant to the main story). Welcome to Netflix. So many questions left unanswered: Who is Noah? (Baltroz- I believe) and if this is true, How did he become Noah?
What's Claudia story? How did she go from boss of power plant to mastermind of the story? Where did she get the plan for the time machine? F I just don't get it....!<br/><br/>Am I living in some twilight zone? Some parallel universe populated by weirdos unable to apply any sense of critical appraisal? So this... THIS... is rated on a par with "The Apartment" (1960), "Gone With The Wind" (1939), and other such *brilliantly* directed, produced, written, acted classics that REALLY DO merit as high a rating as 9 & 10/10...???<br/><br/>This is such an exercise in utter boredom. It completely fails to hold attention. Talk about 'slow burn'... it's almost at a standstill. In fact, considering its underlying theme of going back in time... I'm not too surprised, as it seems so slow as to be almost in reverse gear.<br/><br/>I was finally ready to abort this towards the end of the second episode, when the time-travel concept was offered... then my interest piqued.<br/><br/>Okay, so I haven't seen the whole season/s (and the feeling I get is that I won't). My sense, my fear is that despite this injection of interest, it will continue to 'slow burn'. However, I'll give it a further chance and watch episode three... which has now just started.<br/><br/>Okay, I've just watched episode three, and what a shame! For such an interesting and potentially good, radiation-induced time-travel concept, it's no more than yet another 'yawn-fest'.<br/><br/>Again I've not seen the whole season, only three episodes, but my sense of its prognosis suggest that the whole thing, with a good director, could have been very effectively completed - and with a better, faster and more interesting pace - in a single feature-length film.<br/><br/>The congruence between 1986 and 2019 is clumsily portrayed and just doesn't quite work, giving very long periods of attention to each with little running reference back to either's counterpart.<br/><br/>The acting is reasonably okay, direction fine... but the story/writing is just too long-drawn out.<br/><br/>I'll award - at a stretch - a 5/10 but, despite the positive production values etc previously mentioned, I am really struggling to find it in me to confer a single point more. Maybe 5.5 would be about right. This isn't a bad show, but it's not a great one either. The idea isn't anything new and could be wrapped up in half a season. After that it needlessly carries on without any real direction and becomes repetitive. The music constantly makes you think something mind-blowing is about to happen and it almost never does. The acting is pretty poor and when the need for special effects is finally presented it disappoints. It's very drawn out and mostly boring. First: Okay, I like this show and its amazing story line, the deep plot and its twists. This is why, despite all critique, I'd still recommend this piece of work. However, even to this show applies what actually applies to all series and movies produces in Germany: It fails to mirror the German mentality as it is.<br/><br/>We're (i.e. "the Germans") pretty impolite, usually direct in expressing whatever we have to say, we're almost in a constant bad mood and super angry about almost everything happening around us. We are efficient workers totally convinced of labour being the highest goal in our lives as well as we pay attention to obeying to rules. However, we do have more emotions than sadness and anger and we also laugh sometimes (although our sense of humour is strange) and we tend to overdo when we are imagining things. Neither we're "cool Cops", nor are we "cool Kids".<br/><br/>So, every time, I watch a movie produced in my home country, the actors always fail to portrait Germans the way they are, while trying to give their figures a unique form, some very special feature or some cool and impressive phrase the character keeps saying once in a while. Dudes, this is the recommendation from a viewer: Just cut it out, this is not the way people act like over here! There's no need for the characters to be special or say something cool all the time. If I, as the viewer, should be able to relate to the figures shown, just depict them as the lame people we actually are! As this problem applies also to this show, it seems like some weird society to me rather than a normal German town as it would be in reality. There are no village-heroes or such things, why does a show about a German town need these features then?<br/><br/>Gladly, the characters develop during the show and this makes you forget about the weird, un-German behaviour of some of the characters during the very first episodes. The story evolves to another level, jumping between the different time lines and throwing in philosophical questions to which the figures as well as the viewer have to find their own answers. The story, luckily, develops in a more complex structure making it excitent to watch.<br/><br/>For the one critical point, I've deducted stars in my rating, however I would still recommend to watch this show. First off I want to say that this is an exceptionally well thought out series. It requires concentration to keep the characters and timelines straight. Not a show for those who are passive watchers.
There are a few things that would have improved it for me. First, although the German to English dubbing is pretty good, I think there are nuances that cannot be adequately understood. I miss not being able to read the printed material. Yes, the "important" facts are translated but in a show such as this where you are trying to gather as much information as possible I couldn't help feel that I was missing out when I couldn't read everything there was to see on a bulletin board or on a map. Sometimes I didn't understand the actions of a character. When a policeman travels to a different time and seems to loose all his skills is it because he was never a good cop? Because it is Germany and police are different there? Or just writers using a plot device that rings false? Same thing when two characters converse and one asks the other a very important question. When the response comes it's about something from left field that doesn't begin to address the question. End of scene. Once again is this a cultural thing or bad writing?
This series is better than most of what is available on TV or streaming services and I do recommend it. If it ever gets remade in the U.S. I hope they maintain the spirit of this show. A positive if it is remade would be that the characters could be a bit more diverse, hence easier to follow on the different timelines. Its ok, but it is no too good. Kids act is really good and because that is big rated. Comcept of series is not something special or just i dont like something like this. Something is missing...
There's a comedic element that is completely lacking and gives the entire show an unbelievable and offputting vibe.<br/><br/>Only in the first episode, when we see the children horsing around while traveling to the cave to look for the missing child's stash of drugs, do the characters appear to have distinct and interesting personalities.<br/><br/>From then on, a 'dark', weighty, heaviness pervades every conversation and slowly corrodes the very nature of the show itself.
Everything gets progressively worse for every character, and the show itself is a steady slip into the madness of the mind of the suicidal father in the first episode.<br/><br/>Contrast that with Stranger Things' constantly lighthearted vibe while confronting very dangerous alien demons and it's clear, BOTH shows are doing it wrong.<br/><br/>There is a lot to love here.
It is not Twin Peaks (there are no cryptic artistic random Lynchian unexplainable loose ends).
It is, in my opinion, the antithesis of Stranger Things, and / or Futureman.
It leaves you feeling drained and more depressed with each episode, but strangely craving more.<br/><br/>My only true complaint is that the story progresses so slowly. They try to make it very clear who each character is in each timeline, and how they interrelate, almost to a fault.
I much prefer when time travel movies and shows don't spell everything out immediately to the audience.
I like having to rewatch to catch Things I missed, or reading and deconstructing what I witnessed online.
Primer, and Donnie Darko come to mind.<br/><br/>This, however is not one of those, but it's great in it's own way. <br/><br/>The best comparison I can make is to the phenomenal movie Timecrime, with a dozen more characters. 1 Star is because Martha & Jonas was such a nice couple and now one of them is dead i hope Season 3 will say more about Martha, but that's the reason for 1 star Spoiler: Martha was killed by Adam. I hope Marha will be back :c But if nevermind Martha everything wa bery good 9/10. It's my own opinion, everything is great ,except Martha :( Since the "mystery" is somewhat cleared up in season 2, the whole season feels overly dragged and just not as interesting. It's in German so poor translations make it confusing and hard to follow. I frequently keep saying to myself, out loud, "this is stranger things!" A kid goes missing, plays on 80's nostalgia a lot, big bad creepy government power plant, etc etc what's German for eleven? It's captivating but has not blown my mind because i have the feeling i have seen some of it before on "Fringe" Everything was good and fantastic, but it was to much sex and kissing I feel betrayed. This show was truly great up to the ending of episode 7. It was really getting you immersed in the show and the intensity was increasing, as well as your curiosity for the mysteries about the end unfolded. <br/><br/>But unfortunately, from episode 8 it went downhill real fast. Too many plot holes, too many flawed concepts, and too many characters without meaning. 
The last 3 episodes felt like you were being fed gibberish down your throat. A few examples are as follows: When the clockwork person fixed the time machine, he basically said "I wouldn't have known how to invent this device if you didn't show me the older time machine from the future". I cringed so damn hard at that moment. There is absolutely no way that is possible. This isn't comparable to the philosophical talk about "which came first, the egg or the chicken". Let's make something clear, if Tannhaus hadn't initially built the time machine, then it would have never gotten in the hands of Jonas in future, let alone having him bring back the completed version. <br/><br/>Another example is Noah. That character's existence in the show was truly a disaster. First off, too much emphasis on "dark and light" or "evil and good". Secondly, his motives were completely unclear and they just did a really poor job giving him a purpose. <br/><br/>Overall I'm disappointed in the way that they carried over the story and the characters after Episode 7. It could have honestly been an even better show. <br/><br/>Pointers:
-Too many plot holes
-Flawed concepts
-Some characters without clear motives (especially Noah)
-Too much emphasis on biblical ideas (Dark vs Light or Evil vs Good) Every science fiction has its own rule in script except this serie. Asking questions without answers. Like this, so-called mystery goes on. Relatives for making it more complicated. Nothing more. Its a painting which used all colours. Thats all. It is hard to fallow because (me?) charachters are in different time segments and just the name tells you its them. after 2 episodes you must keep tags of them all, as mature and as young, teens only by names. its tiresome. and more tiresome, we are not as familiar with german as we think we are with english. plus, the music is ominous but overreacting. most of the time events are not that important or impressive as the music ,,says,, it is. it s second try for me. not new shows because pandemic and summer, i guess. so, now, at ep 3 i think the same. it started with the kid being in the past but all the scenes are short, and skips from one action to another without developing. it s like you try to eat something and everytime someone pulls your hand and you re left with your cereals spilled all over the table. that is what it is until now: a mess. i ll watch only because i read season 2 it s, so they say, good. untill now, the show is not even average. For me the whole Serie was too foreseeable, I knew what happened with Mads I knew what happened with mikkel a few episodes before it actually happened. The time travel thing with the whole secrets is too foreseeable. The only thing I liked was the unique personality of single persons. And the Physiks behind the atomics. But the end of season 2 is just annoying. It is not necessary to show an adult hit the head of a child with a stone to draw attention to a film, series or any other show, and yet they chose to do it.<br/><br/>I wonder what is their purpose...<br/><br/>They just lost me as a viewer, and i lost, what seemed to me, a great plot.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend people not to watch such a production, and if you don´t stop it after seeing that same scene, then you should do some soul searching Season 1 was great - but season 2 fell short for me. Just doesn't make sense and it got way too complicated. Also I am suspicious that this has been directed by a white supremacist. Not one person has been cast who is not white? Weird to me After reading the reviews I was eager to watch this. But unfortunately the theme was quite similar to Stranger Things. It tries to be different with time travel but falls flat. Expected more. Please don't waste time on this. If someone like me came here to see 1 star reviews just remmber that these people are idiots who cant see the beauty of the show ;) I am not going to repeat all the positive reviews - Dark definitely deserves them.
But guys, some of us are watching this show on high-end sound systems and all of the special effects are as if done by a deaf person - extremely sharp and penetrating, with exaggerated dynamics. If I lower the volume to make them effects bearable, the voices are almost gone and the sound stage of the scene disappears (if it's not rain of course).<br/><br/>The sound definitely ruins some of the experience. The story is kinda Predestination type, however the making and actors are awesome! While this is a great show, the dubbed dialogue sounds stiff and like it's being read directly off of the page. It no way matches the actors expressions and makes it sound like a community theater production. Otherwise, an excellent premise with head turning twists that will make you think or go crazy. It is just a longer version of Predestination movie. I honestly loved this tv series but being really honest I always get sleepy while watching it The series was very different to me as a plot. I liked the first season more than the second season. The second season sounded more intense. I watched season 1 and season 2 in a row, so I may not be able to predict the season 1 and season 2 distinctions. It is difficult to establish an interpersonal connection, especially what happened, but it is one of the features that makes this series good. The series made me wonder about what will happen next. It is as important as the beginning and the end "right?" The end of the first season was better, the second season was more sharp and suddenly over. As a negative criticism, 'some things' that should be considered in the series are not considered, there are scenes where I 'strange' some things because they were ignored. The scenes of sexuality are almost all superfluous as if someone is in this movie; "Put sexual intercourse scenes." They seem very incompatible, as they said and added to the script later. Waiting for the third season to be released ... Season 1 10/9 l Season 2 10/8 Am finishing up on season one....and it seems to be good but am still getting confused by the timelines. The series is full of suspense and thiller...its a time travel to past and future in difference of 33 year gap... Interesting series but lack of Science of time travel there is much less science behind the time travel shown. It's very rare I watch something this intensely - abs and brain were exhausted by the end. Like the original Twin Peaks but with time travel and way, way more confusing. Absolutely enthralling - although much better in the original German with subtitles than the rather poor dubbing. Well written, well researched show. Every cog in wheel, every character has thr role well thought out. Kudos to Netflix for raising the bar so high on a subject where sufficient work has been created before.<br/><br/>Dark is incredibly fantastic. Messed up a little bit. I mean past, present, and future wtf..but I like it must watch 👌🏻 This show is a masterpiece. Gripping screenplay and fantastic photography. Perfect Binge watch material. Go for it. My wife and I really loved the first two seasons and look forward to the third! Very involved plot(s) which warrant the use of a family tree to help keep the relationships straight. But once you figure that part out, is's really a wild ride of craziness. Kind of reminded us of "Fringe", another series for the ages. This show is just to good I watched season 1 and didn't think they could make it any better then season 2 came and I was just like "wow" I'll recommend it for anyone and this sure deserves far more than an 8.7 rating Loved S01 so much<br/><br/>Sounds also good<br/><br/>I wish it was with an english scrips too One of the best with the theme of time travel that I have seen.<br/><br/>Presenting a world or universe in which a loop occurs. And presenting various theories of time travel.
Although the explanations for time travel are not really correct, this will be postponed since we are talking about such a hypothetical topic as time travel.
although it remains to be seen how the series ends One of the best time travel series I came across. I had to check the wiki page to remember the characters. The confusion is what will blow your mind. It explores the dark side of human life. The beginning the Present and the End. You have to watch it. Can't wait for the 3rd Season. If ever there was a TV show that made your head spin like crazy this would be it. The plot is a plot on another plot on a another plot. Characters coming and going like crazy. One might think of just quitting after watching the first 2 episodes thinking what the hell am i watching. But be sure of one thing you will just continue to watch it no matter what. That is the way the story unfolds. The serene landscape with two cooling towers of the nuclear power plants always give you a chill down your spine. Great way of story telling, it is a rollercoaster ride, both the season are great but s2 is like wooww jus amazing Super, can't wait for season 3!!
You need to be focused to watch this show, away from phones and other distractions. What a deep storytelling. Fantastic. This Show is like a book. Visually and audibly brilliant.<br/><br/>Brilliant story so well put together. Complex but really hard to find any plot holes.<br/><br/>Loved it, both seasons in 6 days. When will the final episodes of season 2 be released?
10 episodes per season, we've only seen 8 ep's of S2, Where is the remainder?
The story just ends mid-stream at ep8, there is no way that the season ends where it's been left hanging.
Could someone please find the missing ep's before S3 is released? !!!
Thanks I think it just might be one of those.<br/><br/>And I might be wrong about it being difficult to follow as I personally wasn't paying enough attention, having other stuff going on on other screens.
To drive that home; I understand enough German to follow this without subtitles if I paid full attention, but I found myself eventually switching the language to English so that I wouldn't constantly be having to double check if I heard it right.<br/><br/>Now, I absolutely despise entertainment that panders to the lowest common denominator. Constantly being very on the nose about things the audience should definitely understand. This series is not that.
So that's good, right?<br/><br/>Well, like I said. Might be me not being engaged enough but Dark has so many characters, and even the same characters through multiple times lines without any indication in which timeline we're in, as far as I can tell. Except clothes of course, but I found 1986 and 2019 not readily recognisable (2019 Winden - Germany, apparently, looks a lot like the place I grew up in in the early 90's).
Introductions are spaced out enough, but I didn't watch this in one sitting, I just finished season 1 and watched the first episode weeks ago. I was constantly unsure who was who, and I am no idiot.<br/><br/>What also doesn't help is that the characters aren't hugely distinguishable by externalities like costumes, hair and eye colour (minor characters are, thankfully: one has a mole, the other a scar, another glasses). Or even names, they all have (obviously) German sounding names.
I would imagine, that if you were German, and preferably were familiar with the actors, it would've been easier.<br/><br/>This series is not very high paced (by modern standards), only the very last 2 episodes of season 1 do you have any sense that you're progressing towards some sort of finale or explanation.<br/><br/>The score is at times very "present", but also a bit repetitive. And not in the leitmotif kind of way.<br/><br/>Lastly, my title. At this moment of writing, a lot of written reviews are 10/10, but most of the accompanying writing doesn't explain why they think that. It's all barely 1 paragraph long and filled with words like "genius". "masterpiece", "intelligent", but without attempting to describe why that would be..
Hence, I don't think people really understand why they like it - just that they found it cerebral, and therefore must find it good.<br/><br/>I'm not gonna say it's pretentious. But I don't think - how would you say that - "purposefully difficult equals entertainment", or something along those lines.<br/><br/>I may watch it again. In German. I'll advise anyone reading this to do the same.
If you read this review with anything other than a 7/10 at the top, I have apparently changed my mind. Bad acting... bad directing... bad soundtrack... either most of the reviews are fake or the fluoride in the water has really done a number on everyone. No one seems real and the acting is on a soap opera level... only two episodes in but will hang in for a little while longer... perhaps it's all a dream of someone with dementia or something. 12MONKEYS show has nearly the same story and it's even better than DARK. But I must say that DARK has better cast and soundtracks. So we need to give more credits to 12MONKEYS. ...to any other series, it would be "The Man in the High- Castle", which I loving call "Operation Mindf@#$" !
This series is excellently written, paced and filmed and it is mindbendingly fantastic!
The only thing that I -as a German- have to criticize, is the sometimes rather wooden delivery of the lines and the artificial short-cutting of them, to create this atmosphere of mystery! If you like time travelling stories, I can assure you this is the best series or movie created on the subject. I have never rated anything on IMDB, I actually went through all the fuss just to write this down and to tell you to WATCH IT!!! I still haven't finished it, but I'm on episode 6 of season 2. SO GOOD, SO WORTH IT!! It's a good tv show. It's too bulky; so many characters and their subplots. The main story revolves about connection, time travel and paradoxes. But it focuses too much on connection which would have not been a bad thing if not for unnecessary scenes.<br/><br/>So many questions were left unanswered. Why is there doors in the caves if it is a worm hole? Who is Noah? (Bartosz? Maybe) if this is true then how did Bartosz became Noah? Where did he come from? How did Claudia went from being the boss of a power plant to the mastermind of the plot? How does the machine of Noah works? It is said to be needing lives to work. And why just boys? How did mads' body get to 2019? How does the worm hole work exactly? Do you need to be in the caves or as in mikkel's case vanish in the forest itself? If so why wasn't there any other cases? Where is the first boy missing (red hair) ? What happened to his body?<br/><br/>Instead of answering these questions, the show prefers lengthening itself through useless scenes. The complexity of the show is beautiful nonetheless. You're forced to watch it at one go, else you'll lose yourself trying to remember all the characters at once. The show doesn't let you breathe in the characters and doesn't colour them. You understand their concept but you don't get a grasp of them; feel them.<br/><br/>It had great potential. I hope it'll do better for season 2. I didn't understand the hype though. Even though it's a good show, so many were "mind fcked" by it. "So many plot twist". The plot twist are more or less predictable. I enjoyed it though. Before I start let me say that the series is indeed good in terms of its storyline, cinematography and soundtrack. But here are a few things that drive me crazy:
1. It's very rainy in Winden. I mean VERY wet - it seems like everyone in the series MUST have at least one dialogue or scene in the pouring rain to make their part seem relevant. Guys, this isn't necessary, ever heard of umbrellas?
2. This is one of those series where un-necessary drama is written into the storyline just because, well, because its good TV. For example, there are several situations where there are many people around but the protagonist of the scene wanders off alone to explore some passageway, cave or hallway. Honestly?
3. To think that part of this scene was set in 2019, you'd think the producers would make more use of cellphone communications. Instead what we have is people turning up unnannounced at homes, stations etc.
4. Frustration continues when conversations go like this -
Person A: "Honey, I have something really important to tell you..."
Person B interrupts: " Hey sorry, I've got to run, can we talk later?"<br/><br/>All in all, I'd say give it a try but it ain't the 10/10 that others are raving about. A passable 7. For me, the best aspects of this series are the cinematography (really dark and foreboding), and the soundtrack/audio effects. If you're a fan of the late Johann Johannsson, he of Sicario fame, you'll love the overlay soundtrack and effects. I binge-watched this all day and as it got closer to the end of the series, it just got more and more confusing because of all the different time portals, but it does have a great twist that may take you a bit of time to get your head around. I would advise people not to binge watch as it can become boring and feel like it is a stretch! But it is definitely NOT binge-worthy!!! Well is well written, Amazing Cinematography and Cast but it's not as smart as People say. First t If you ever see Back to future or twin peaks you will find this show extremely predictable and confusing. I watched it in just 2 days.geat atmosphere and screenplay . an amazing story that u cant wait what happens in the next episode. its not like stranger things at all!!! but very similar to (Back to the Future). the letter...the story line...and even the coat of mikel!!!
Highly recommended This series is very well made all round, writing,editing,location acting and the casting that is often to good.The use of a remote control and pause /rewind functions are essential. I watched it the first time and am now planing on watching it again as I know I missed some of the connections I know I saw the first time. As a piece of advice, binge and don't have any distractions as your full attention is required. This is a very heavy show-with strange & dark undertones. Be ready to hit rewind a couple of times to be able to keep up with the details of each character.
An excellent show, surprisingly told very well, concidering the german to english dubbing. <br/><br/> The sprawling forrest becomes a character of its on with no voice, but has lots to say, ends up telling a little of everyones story.
A must see, if your into complex storylines.