I have been a member of IMDb for many many years now and am a big movie and TV enthusiast. That said, until now, not once have I felt the need to type up a review. <br/><br/>Silicon Valley if possibly the funniest show I have seen, ever. The writing is thoughtful, with perfect comedic timing. The only word to describe the characters is awesome. They all work so well together that the comedy flows effortlessly. <br/><br/>I am surprised to see that this show is coming from HBO. I would expect a show like this from Netflix but not HBO. But I must commend them because they hit this one out the park. I look forward to what I hope will be a long lasting series with many more seasons to come. <br/><br/>You can see from my profile that I have been a member here for many years and have not ever written a single review, so you can be assured that what I say is true. If you haven't seen Silicon Valley you are missing out. Go check it out! Silicon Valley is a TV show that was much talked about even before it's debut on HBO. With the Silicon Valley now finding a Hollywood-like atmosphere in the way it's viewed, the entertainment industry's focus on Silicon Valley and it's unique lifestyle and culture is somewhat new and has yet to find it's equilibrium of representation between the reality of the innovation happening there and the bizarre, comedy ammunition that lies in some of the more eccentric aspects. Mike Judge's Silicon Valley is a damn good start. It's witty and scathing, and takes an sarcastic approach to it with an outsider's eye. Of course, Mike Judge is no outsider, having worked in Palo Alto during the late 80's, and his disdain for it's people and culture shows.<br/><br/>What makes the series work is that Judge is able to focus on all the small, ridiculous things that have become such an icon of the culture. From CEO's innovators with Christ-like followings, to the idea that the industry is somehow spearheaded by college dropouts, Judge wastes not time and has no problem putting every Silicon Valley clichÃ©/reality on a pedestal for people to laugh at. As a native, I can say that the show does exaggerate a lot of things, but it also gets a lot right. If you've seen Judge's other work, then you will quickly see how well this fits in. With Beavis and Butthead, we got a critique about the stupidity and waste of a generation, with King of the Hill, we got a look at Judge's insight into Texas culture and the ideologies of an American culture trying to cope with the changes of a modern world, and here we have a completely new sub-culture that Judges dives head first into.<br/><br/>The show most certainly has it's falls, but I was hard pressed to find them as I was too busy laughing most of the time throughout. I may have a skewed view of the show, with me observing this through a filter of the real Silicon Valley, in all it's great and weirdness. But in general, this bites down hard in the most hilarious way on a truly unique and fairly bizarre place in the world. And you don't even have to know the technobabble being spit out. I do think HBO has another winner here. I was a little skeptical about this show at first and went into with the impression that I would try it but it would lose my interest after an episode or two. This show so far has been a wonderful surprise. Unlike some comedies that create forced, awkward situations that are only funny to the recorded laugh track that plays, I have burst out laughing from a number of scenes that have aired in the few episodes so far. It is very original, smart, has a believable story and characters and has many funny moments with quite a few scenes that will catch you off guard and you will die laughing. At first this was just a show I was DVR'ing then watching at some point during the week maybe a few days later. However the last few episodes have been great and I have been watching live while it airs because it isn't a stupid comedy, it keeps you interested with a pretty good story. One of the best shows I have ever seen, it's not cliche or cheesy like a lot of the shows, it's funny it's humorous it has a great casting and a great characters.
Great storyline, great in everything! I just love it.
It's just that it ended too soon, and the ending was not very satisfactory but it wasn't bad like GOT but it wasn't a really good ending. I really don't like other HBO Comedies like Girls and Looking. I heard about this show and I'm a programmer myself so i thought i will give it a chance and I'm not disappointed.<br/><br/>The pilot was great and SMART, the lines were great and performances were all terrific.<br/><br/>All the characters were kind of cool and i'm looking forward to see them again. The characters are believable and may exist in the real world. I can't wait for next episodes. i recommend it to all of you. Watch it and i don't think you'll be disappointed.<br/><br/>VALAR JAVARIS (ALL MEN MUST CODE) Richard Hendricks (Thomas Middleditch), Nelson 'Big Head' Bighetti (Josh Brener), Bertram Gilfoyle (Martin Starr), and Dinesh Chugtai (Kumail Nanjiani) are poor working programmers struggling to build the next big thing, Piped Pipper. Erlich Bachman (T.J. Miller) is the arrogant homeowner who sees himself as incubator for new programmers with 10% interest. Richard and Big Head's day job is working for Hooli under self-important CEO Gavin Belson (Matt Ross). Monica Hall (Amanda Crew) works for VC Peter Gregory and later awkwardly cold Laurie Bream (Suzanne Cryer). Donald 'Jared' Dunn (Zach Woods) realizes the potential of Piped Pipper and shows it to Gavin Belson.<br/><br/>This is a fun show about the new Titans and the new Greek tragedies. These are flawed yet loveable characters. Middleditch portrays Richard's self doubt and insistent vision perfectly. Gilfoyle and Dinesh are a perfect comedy duo. It's a new world and we're only living in it. Other than a minor road bump that is T.J. Miller's personal problem, Mike Judge has created the next Office Space. The characters are great. It's going to be a good show. You know a show will be good when there are a number of good characters introduced in the first 1/2 hour. Very rarely do I laugh out loud but it happened a few times in the first episode. <br/><br/>I don't know a lot about tech, but you'll understand the humor in this. Guess it helps that I've been and have friends working in Silicon Valley... As long as you have an IT department in your business you'll be able to relate as well...<br/><br/>Looking forward to next week. Glad to see HBO is still putting out good shows. When I first heard of the show, I wasn't very excited, thinking it would be just another lame show targeted towards any random dude, thus making it pointless.<br/><br/>However, as soon as I began watching the first episode, I became hooked. Being in a similar situation (minus the incubator) myself, the show was at the same time completely 'true' and hilarious. The characters are indeed the kinds you could find if you walked into some kind of startup event. <br/><br/>Even though some of the jokes are taken to an extreme, it's all pretty believable, since it pretty accurately depicts the world of technology, advertising and startups.. In its own cool way.<br/><br/>Needless to say, I watched the rest of the available episodes that night in quick succession and I was pleasantly surprised. It is genuinely a great show. Even though it's probably more popular around the startup scene, everyone should be able to appreciate the clever humor in the episodes.<br/><br/>There aren't many series or films that I rate 10/10. This is one of them. I just LOVE most of the characters. There is so much good stuff going on, but every episode ends the same. Here we go. EPISODE #? - EVERYTHING IS GOING GREAT WITH PIED PIPER. - EPISODE#?, 'after 40 minutes, the company is worth ????? million, and nothing could be better. - Until - 43 minutes, by some strange twist, everything has fallen apart, and the company has gone to the dogs. - AGAIN! How long can this story go on? It is just far to predictable. There are only ever two different scenarios for every episode. - Either the company and everyone is multi, multi millionaires, or they have not got a pot to piddle in. Deserves about a 8.7 . Really flows well , creates a good sense of accomplishment as the story progresses . Likeable characters , unpredictable funny jokes and moments (which is hard to find now a days ) . I also like that the episodes are 30 minutes , they keep it short enough to not make it too focussed on story yet long enough to not make it feel rushed and over filled with 1 liners. Overall a really easy watch as it doesn't require a lot of focus like other hbo shows , and it flows so easy that it becomes addictive as others have mentioned and has a certain likeablity that brings it together without force . Truly a one of a kind, with snappy dialogue and great characters charting the pitfalls of start ups in the new tech boom. No one else does it like this.<br/><br/>Having said that, I found the bumbling idiocy of the main character Richard to be rather irritating and repetitive by the time Season 4 and 5 came around. The show revolves around the scrapes that he gets them into and it just gets a bit annoying after a while that he keeps making similar mistakes. Ricky Gervais has the right idea that's for sure... Great pilot episode. I love entrepreneurship, silicon valley and that whole tech culture so I was really excited about this show. I was very impressed with it. Lots of laughs, really accurate to the geek world of programmers and the characters are normal. They aren't glorified in any way which I really like.<br/><br/>They really mimicked places like Google and other huge tech companies with the world of "Hooli" a tech company with a CEO that the whole entire company looks at like a savior, much like the obsessions people have about Larry Page, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs. <br/><br/>I'm looking forward to future episodes on this one. I've never been a fan of King of the Hill but Beavis and Butthead was awesome and of course Office Space is brilliant. I think Mike Judge has another hit on his hands for sure. As a programmer and an app entrepreneur myself I absolutely liked the first 2 episodes so far. I hope this will be a great series overall. <br/><br/>Btw I also like other Mike Judge's works: the Beavis & Butthead cartoon series and the Idiocracy movie.<br/><br/>I've never been to California and never worked for Google or Apple but I know this western IT culture pretty well, and the series makes good laugh of it. The main character should have taken 10 million :) Now the whole series will be about how he gets trampled over and over by the vultures of capitalism. Should be fun to watch.<br/><br/>On a side note, it's great to see movies finally catching up with the new realities of life. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram - these words now play a vital role in lives of the vast share of the world's population, but movie directors have been far from these areas until now. Good work Mike, keep it coming! :) Silicon Valley is an HBO tech-series with all the typical stereotypes. An overweight stoner, an emaciated wannabe cyber-criminal, a witty Indian with characteristic accent, and the centerpiece, a gangly socially awkward CEO.<br/><br/>The show aims to provide an unrealistic yet overly comedic account of a startup company, aptly named 'Pied Piper, who has just created a nextgen compression algorithm. A bit campy? Yes. However, the production value and writing are on point, the acting is adequate, and the result is an entertaining collection of scenes which keeps one interested and expectant.<br/><br/>As the series is only a few episodes in, not much can be said about a larger picture, but so far the show is akin to various HBO blips on a similar vein. Think 'Flight of the Conchords' minus the musical, or 'Bored to Death' minus the deadpan lethargy.<br/><br/>That networks like HBO are under fire from online content providers like Netflix and Hulu, I appreciate the recent trend: more artistic license and less plodding predictability. <br/><br/>Thumbs up for the effort as we can look forward to watching this grow! Silicon Valley's perfect cast makes this one of the funniest shows HBO has ever created. Every episode will keep you laughing as much as the previous ones! When it comes to Comedy on television, people seem to flock back to classics like Friends or Seinfeld. Before Netflix took over the industry, HBO held the standard for one of the greatest ways to watch new shows. They have proven time and time again that their content is of the highest value. For the most part, every time I start a new show distributed by HBO, I find myself hooked and eager to see more. Recently concluded, I discovered the show Silicon Valley about a year ago and it rapidly became one of my favourite shows. Here's why, if you haven't had the chance to watch it, you absolutely should.<br/><br/>Silicon Valley is pretty much an R-Rated, raunchy version of the film The Social Network. The series follows Richard Hendricks and his group of intelligent friends, as they develop a new company in Pied Piper. With the name of the company being the butt of many jokes itself, this series sets itself up to make you laugh right off the bat. The story does dive deep into the technology world and becomes interesting and frustratingly honest as the series progresses, but if it wasn't for how great this entire cast was, it wouldn't have been as entertaining.<br/><br/>Thomas Middleditch as Richard feels very reminiscent of Jesse Eisenberg's iteration of Mark Zuckerberg in The Social Network, which also happens to be one of my favourite films of all time, so it was kind of hard for me to dislike. Kumail Nanjiani, Martin Starr, and Zach Woods all steal the show on multiple occasions, but the highlight of the entire series for me came with the character of Nelson Bighetti (Big Head). Without ruining it for anyone, he is a character who is as dumb as a brick and he knows it, but somehow becomes more successful than anyone else in the series. Everything just kind of falls into his lap and there were times where I was laughing with this character to no end. Silicon Valley features one of my favourite supporting characters of all time in 'Big Head'.<br/><br/>There are a few jarring moments when some of the seasons begin and end, simply due to the fact that this show had to deal with some behind-the-scenes drama on multiple occasions. From a main supporting actor in the first season passing away in real life to needing to write T.J. Miller off the show when his character was the reason any of these guys had a place to work in the first place, I was rolling my eyes a couple of times, admittedly. Other than the odd choices they made to work around these elements, this is one of the greatest Comedy-based television shows I've seen in a very long time.<br/><br/>In the end, Silicon Valley is a very smart, yet hilarious series that never overstays its welcome. Although still great, you could feel it losing steam somewhere between season four and five, so it felt natural when a sixth season, consisting of just seven episodes, wrapped everything up. This show also has a very surprising finale that I had to applaud them for. With the way this show progresses, I never would've expected it to end the way that it did, but I got a kick out of it and it felt fresh. Overall, aside from a few bumps in the road in terms of production, this is easily one of my favourite shows. Through all its dryness and sarcasm, Silicon Valley is not one to miss. Coming to an end just a few months ago, the full series is now available. Silicon Valley's perfect cast makes this one of the funniest shows ever created. Every episode will make you laugh out loud! Once when I was starting out as a software engineer, I worked for an aerospace company. They paid a lot of money to relocate me to another city but the first day I started, the contract I was supposed to work on was canceled and so they told me to sit at a table outside the software development manager's office until they found another project for me. This was before cellphones, and tablets and laptops and mostly desktop computers. I had nothing to do for a month and when my table was overrun by other engineers in the same predicament I was usually down at the corporate library because that was the only place with a chair and desk I could sit at. I didn't want to make it appear as if I was useless. I mean, I just moved 2000 miles, so instead of bringing in books to read, I sat there for about a month reading the same corporate engineering manual, over and over and over. After about a month I was assigned to a project but things didn't get much better. I found out there was a pecking order to the programmers according to what their workspace looked like. On budget scraping projects, engineers were typically forced to work in a room without enough chairs or desks. I say desks loosely because sometimes they just had tables, sometimes card tables. Every day it was first come, first served. Anyway, the point is that we used to refer to a room full of engineers as a bullpen and the work the engineers produced under those conditions, well, bs. When I finally got a cubicle to work in, it was heaven. Fast forward 10 years and thanks to silicon valley, cubicles became bad and bullpens became good. Some genius figured out how to convince developers to work in a bullpen in order to save money on office furniture. And they figured out that they could pay these people less money if they provided them with free processed food and drinks. Pay them less, and take part of the savings to buy cheap junk food to give them so you can take away any reason they should be away from their desk or work a normal 8 hour day like everyone else and go home. That's the software development world for you, particularly silicon valley. Or, at least the image of silicon valley that everyone tries to reproduce.<br/><br/>I heard about this show several years ago but I didn't want to watch it because I figured it would be more bill gates and steve jobs nonsense. There's a disturbingly large segment of the population that think these guys invented computers. I even read a review recently where this nimrod was thanking bill gates for inventing software. In case you're misinformed like this twit, no he didn't. Bill didn't invent software and neither of them invented computers either. Whenever I read stuff about bill&steve, my head wants to explode, so I thought why risk a stroke watching a tv show. I couldn't even make it thru one episode of halt and catch fire, so I figured why waste my time. However, when hbo announced they were streaming the series for free I thought okay, I'll watch one episode.<br/><br/>Software development is boring but it has such a diverse group of uniquely disturbing personalities you have to deal with that it can be extremely funny and also maddening and frustrating which is why I like this show because it captures pretty much all of that. I once had a guy ask me in a phone interview for a job if I liked working with people. I thought it was a trick question so I said sure, I believe a team of people working together can always achieve more than the individual. Okay well, there was a long pause on the phone and then this guy said, well, I'm not; I'm not a people person. I didn't get the job.<br/><br/>If you're reading this review, you've probably already watched the show so I won't recap what the story is about or describe the characters. All I can add is that the technobbable, absurd plots and twists in each show and the characters are hyperboles of the real world but still pretty spot on to the insanity of tech today. There's a few things I would add but every episode is streamed with amazing references and replications to the world I used to work in. I don't know what the background of the writers is but I would find it hard to believe that this isn't inspired and directed by people in the biz. They've nailed it all and hit on a whole bunch of idiosyncratic pimples and nuances. Like, "he's a coder". I don't know if the general public gets it but that's funny. Software developers write code for a living but people who write a lot of code are often looked down on especially if it's in lesser revered languages, like scripting languages. A lot of times the more code you can write in the least amount of time, the more you're looked down upon by other developers. It's like a carpenter who uses too much wood to frame a house. Everybody knows you only need so much wood and so many nails. Anything over that means you're useless.<br/><br/>And the episode about 'spaces' vs 'tabs'. That's also spot on. I've seen developers throw sissy fits over style issues and other innane topics. In the c++ world, it's even more extreme. There's two types of c++ programmers. Those that are practical and have a life outside work and those that are purists and think all code should compile without errors and warnings and if it doesn't, your code sucks and you don't know your asterisk from a period. According to them, your code is a ticking time bomb ready to turn that $150 million mars lander into space junk.<br/><br/>Anyway, imho, the show is brilliant. If you're not in the biz and don't get all the jokes, it doesn't matter. It's not your fault. You're probably better off anyway.
If you're in the biz, there should be something there for everyone. If not, maybe the joke is on you. Think about it. I watched this show twice and laughed out loud. It is a great show and there are some surprise scenes. There has been some criticism of the repetition of plots but I didn't find that intrusive.<br/><br/>I won't repeat what some better reviews have already said. The reason I did not score higher is that's season 6 just does not seem to work for me. It is hard to have interactive workplace humour when the organisation is so now so big.<br/><br/>Part of the attraction was the pastiche of the valley entrepreneurs. Garvin's blood boy. The tasteless cars. Casual waste of vast resources. Stupid ideas getting VC money. But now it is a bit Dallas Seasons 1 through 4 were awesome, I'd give them a 9 or a 10 but season 5 was a let down, it started drifting from what the show was about, a starup that's trying to make it in Silicon Valley. I'd give season 5 a six or a seven. Hope season 7 will be better. The show is good and really appeals to the Tech guys . But as you go through all the seasons you realise that the plotlines are routinely repetitive. I know it's comedy and a satire but at some level would have liked the characters to grow and mature a bit. Richard's character has become so annoying he's painful to watch. Both Richard and Jared are OK in moderation but really grate on the nerves given too much screen time as they were in season 5. Even the Dinesh vs Gilfoyle routine, which I love, fell flat as it went on way too long. Jing-Yang was the only comic relief to a show that seems to have lost its edge. This show desperately needs to bring back Erlich's character, it isn't sustainable without it. I love Silicon Valley but season 5 took it from 10 stars to 1. The whole episodes, characters, acting, scripting was amazing, this show was the best show I have ever seen. BTW, I have watchee thousands of tv shows. Unless they bring Ehrlich back, this show is going to die a quick death.... This perfect, irreplaceable show began as a solid 10/10 but became a complete dumpster fire by the last season when they completely dropped the main plot line, which is like 1000x worse than Game of Thrones' super rushed ending. If you can live without a conclusion then this show might still be worth 9/10 for sheer quality and originality. When I started watching this series, between the end of season 1 and the release of season 2 , I couldn't ever imagine rating this less than a nine. Writing this after the finale, it deserves at least a seven.<br/><br/>What it made great was the perfect mixture between the realism, of what it's like to work in the valley (mainly thanks to the background of the show creator Mike Judge), and the comedic aspect, delivered by a very talented cast, which consist mainly of great stand-up comedians<br/><br/>The jokes and stories were perfectly set, to a degree where people without any technical knowledge could follow the development of the company and still be entertained<br/><br/>So, why didn't it get a solid 10?<br/><br/>As many users described before, the plot started to repeat itself constantly around season 3, in a way, that right before the fate of the company seems to be hopeless, some random event happens, so the situation turns around in an instant. This occurs far too often to be believable.<br/><br/>Also, the plot wasn't adding any more quirks of the valley and started to focus too much on the character's role inside the company and the state of the company itself, with a little Hooli B-Story beside. (compare S01/02 with S05)<br/><br/>And of course the development of certain characters, like Big Head, Erlich and Jared.
Big Head was transformed from an okay-coder, who is aware of the actions around him, to a complete useless washout who just became lucky.
Erlich wasn't very useful for the progress of the story (from S04 on), so he just stuck around in the background without purpose (sometimes together with Big Head), till T.J. Miller left the series
Jared, who is a nice and loveable business professional, working right under the Hooli-CEO Gavin Belson, became so depended on Richard and too pitiable, when people around him treated him like crap.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, I was very entertained all the years and it is a little sad to see such a brilliant series go Most of the comedy series are super lame and I was never a fan of comedy tv series. But this one is exceptional. Thanks to HBO for a great show. Many sometimes feel intimated from watching series like this that focus on technology and the very very new ideas and.... While right now it's mostly the older amongst us still.... You should know that the series is very very simple to understand even for people coming from no technological background....<br/><br/>In short.... I don't have much to say it's good it's funny it's unique it's............ You should watch it.... great simple writing... Minimalist in many ways... And yet with lots of plots twists "kind of humor"...
u know... with evrything allways changing going right going wrong... you sohlud watch.... as simple as that.... very very well done... For those expecting "Beavis and Butthead" right out of the gate when Judge and co. created "King of the Hill", the audience looking for silly shock humor were surprised to find spot-on characters populating the screen that could have come from their real life. That meant plenty of younger folks tuned out... But lots of us saw it for what it was and enjoyed the hell out of it. Now, to be fair, I'm not saying "ALL HAIL MIKE JUDGE", especially considering that I was not a big fan of "Extract" and was ho-hum on "The Goode Family.". Yet I DO have faith that Judge's work is trying to make something more thought-provoking with a good storyline than the average comedy.<br/><br/>As a satire, this show is smart and funny and treading ground by focusing on a microcosm of society that in itself has it's own hierarchy and character. Despite the high amount of Geeks on screen, each has a unique personality and dynamic that feeds into the overall story. Not every episode ends happily, and some have a great silver lining, leaving expectations up in the air. It's saddening that Christopher Evan Welch has passed on seeing as how great of a performer he was and key to the show's vitality. However, there is still plenty of ground to be covered by this show and I have the feeling it'll be creative, funny and spot-on, not necessarily "SCATHING" as some reviewers had hoped for, and look forward to enjoying any subsequent seasons. Sophisticated dialogue and great cast! Crazy how the final season started now I am gonna miss it, I miss T.J. Miler. I really like Martin Starr and everyone else. Mike Judge is one of my favorite famous people, I'm glad he's one of the writers/creators/directors. Quite a lot of brilliant business related stuff, hilarious scenes, and delightful soundtrack! Also love the horsing around through out! For people who love the tech world, this is a very good show to follow. The best part about this show is its closeness to reality. The show beautifully displays how volatile the tech world is, how awkward smart people can get and how funny the stories behind some revolutionary innovations are. When I started the first season, I expected it to be some show about how some guys do wonders in the bay area, how they get rich with their tech, hangout. I thought it would be an " entourage " type show for nerds. I was totally wrong and that's what made me like this show.<br/><br/>Sometimes while watching mainstream shows, I cringe when I see how ridiculously the lead character's love life changes and how unrealistic the scenes can get. Its different here, the characters in this show are actually relatable. They're goofy, awkward, smart, dumb, they win sometimes, they fail sometimes, its awesome. This is the only show where I felt " that's a good use of 25 mins of my life " after watching an episode. <br/><br/>Just tolerate the first two episodes of s01 and you'll binge till the latest episode. This show has a similar concept to Entourage (superstar central character with hangers on going along for the ride). Whereas the ups and downs of the main character in Entourage made broad season-long arcs, each episode of Silicon Valley follows roughly the same formula: an opportunity arises for the guys to achieve an incredible success, one of the characters does something completely stupid to thwart it, the guys end up back where they started.<br/><br/>It becomes very frustrating when you know the entire plot of the episode after 3 minutes. You hang around for the great character dialog, but the show lacks the impact it should have due to the utterly predictable story lines. So annoyed was I with the lazy writing that I would sometimes have to take week long breaks from the show before I could watch it again.<br/><br/>Ultimately it is the characters that will keep you watching. Like Entourage, the central character is the least interesting, with the most hilarious and entertaining scenes involving the others. While the show probably appeals most to people in the IT industry, there is still enough going for it to recommend that others give it a try. It's just disappointing that a show with such brilliant dialog and the occasional great episode can so often lapse into such weak story lines and lazy writing. I absolutely love this show. So I was barraged with advertisements for Season 4 while watching HBO. I'm always on the lookout for something new that seems worthy of binge-watching and the previews for Season 4 kept making me laugh, so I thought "what the hell?". I recognized a few of the actors and liked them from their other roles so I knew I'd like it. What I didn't know what how much I was going to like it.<br/><br/>I went to my On Demand and began a couple of weeks ago with the first season. I began to watch one after the other. I found myself laughing hard out loud, by myself, at least once or twice an episode. They've cleverly written each character to a T, and the dynamic among them is hilarious. Before I knew it I was nearing the end of Season 3. Thank goodness it was not too far before last night's Season 4 premier. <br/><br/>This show is great for everyone, but I'm guessing it's probably a guy's favorite. I tend to like this type more than shows like Girls, yuk, so this was a great fit for me. Very funny script, perfectly cast, and a whole lot of fun to watch. I highly recommend. The entire show is superb. It's good in one hand that they didn't push stupid things in between and made a 10 season show, on the other hand as a fan of this show I truly miss everybody. Every episode is worth watching. Fun, humor, strategy, nail-biting moments - if offers these all. Many people are not that happy with the ending, but I think it was good. I personally do not have much complain. Its about a bunch of likeable guys whom you really are rooting for and hope they win,but you are assured they will always find a way to mess up. The funniest non sitcom , i have ever seen.
A group of engineers trying to build a company called piedpiper, and the problems they face and how they solve it in a funniest possible way. T.J.Miller (Erlich bachmann) steals the show. Erlich bachmann is definitely one of my favourite character of all time. He is one funniest characters ever made. Erlich bachmann and Xian yang has the best combination. Dinesh and Gilfoyle is like a tom and jerry , I just love them. Jared Dunn is perfect. It deserves a perfect 10 except for the last season ,which is not as funny as the rest of the other seasons. Watch the show, You won't regret it. One of the greatest shows ever made. Watch for Erlich Bachmann.
Easliy the main lead Thomas middleditch (Richard Hendricks) is my least favorite character. Worth the watch. Incredibly cool project, one of the best comedy TV shows of the decade. 🤗👍🙃
It is sad to say goodbye to your favorite characters.👏
9/10 I loved every minute of it and all of the cast, superb series but sad it will come to an end.
All the characters worked so well, I wouldn't use together, but my favourites are Patches, Gilfoyle, Dinesh and Jared. Helps being a little nerdy and open to witty crass humor, but really for anyone who likes good comedic writing and doesn't need a cheap laugh track to guide them there. Just finished one of the greatest shows ever made; "Silicon Valley". As a self-professed "Geek", this show is the holy grail! I can't believe its over, I'm actually mega depressed about it. I have never seen a show where every episode just ignites that special "omg I know that reference because I'm a bit weird" response! Even the intro sequence in every season had us pausing it to see all the things that had changed to reflect what goes on in the real world. It was all just genius; a show about geniuses in their field creating something so spectacular. This show is 10/10, no questions asked. If you're a geek, or a nerd, or in to tech or just like a good comedy, you can't really go wrong with this. There is something for everyone. I'm just sad that it's over.<br/><br/>Recommend another good 'tech' show that is even half as good as this and I'll be grateful. I watched the first 2 seasons of this show and made it a couple episodes into season 3 before I had to stop. I want to start by saying that at times this show is absolutely hilarious. I especially like T.J. Miller, Martin Starr, and Zach Woods. Woods in particular shows his range as he plays such a different character than Gabe (The Office). Gabe was creepy. His character on this show is funny and at times even lovable. "Did you know you speak German in your sleep?"<br/><br/>That being said, I have some issues with how the writers handle the plot. As my title states, even when the team wins they still find a way to lose. Yes this is a comedy so it's expected that some shenanigans will occur. I also get that Pied Piper can't just become a powerhouse company overnight, but the characters are constantly doing silly things to sabotage themselves. It's obvious these things happen purely for the sake of plot (or in this case to not advance it). I started to really notice this in season 2. The episode "Adult Content" demonstrates the problem. Everything is going great for the guys and then the dumb billionaire comes in and sets his giant bottle of tequila down on the delete button. This deletes 3/4 of the content of the porn account that the characters were trying to get a contract for. I don't know much about computer tech/programming, but I find it hard to believe that these guys would have the program open in a manner where pushing the delete button would delete the very content that they were using their program to run. Once again I get it's a comedy, but I can only suspend my disbelief so much.<br/><br/>I tried to keep watching, but then when I got to season 3 the same sort of plot shenanigans started happening with the CEO they brought in. Really, you need to completely change Pied Piper because it's too hard to sell? Get better sales people... <br/><br/>If the show was episodic this might be a bit more acceptable, but it's not. The plot needs to progress not create situations where the characters are just shooting themselves in the foot again and again. It's like they don't have writers good enough to keep the story going, so instead they don't allow anything to progress. Watching the latest season- I just have to wonder what happened? The character development of the main character Richard makes you think- how could this totally inept person create a company that is going to make a new internet? Totally unlikeable In the latest season- it's pretty painful to watch. There are things worth watching in this show but they lost a bit of their edge and they go for the obvious. Silicon Valley does something that not many comedies shows do; that is making you become emotionally invested in its storyline and characters. it consists deep underlining themes about modern day life, business and friendship whilst remaining truly hilarious! It's why I love this show so much.<br/><br/>It follows Richard Hendricks, a guy with a great idea; to start a tech company in Silicon Valley. He is shy and reclusive but wants to make the world a better place, he at first worked for an internet company named Hooli. On the side, he works on Pied Piper a music app and compression software. It is worked upon in a live-in start up business incubator run by entrepreneur and his friend, Erlich. After a shaky pitch to investor Peter Gregory to get funding for Pied Piper, he agrees, however unfortunately by the end of the season he dies, leaving Richard and his gang of nerdy friends and programme engineers to find investment throughout season and where do they find it? In the hands of a crazy and careless billionaire who wants the company in his vision for one reason only; to get richer and by doing this he inadvertently drives Pied Piper to almost its downfall. On top of this, they have to deal with Gavin Bellson, who runs Hooli and stole Pied Piper's algorithm to sell a similar music compression software; after a lengthy legal battle to the rights to the algorithm Gavin's reputation is compromised leaving Pied Piper safe from his competition and to find new investment. It is a long process but they never fail to keep striving for their companies success.<br/><br/>Silicon Valley comments and makes humour from the hardships of business and starting a company. It's characters seem simple on the surface but are complexly built; their individual dreams and passions are inspiring! Silicon valley has a strong message; no matter what happens; never give up on your dreams! Despite all of the failures and hardships Pied Piper face they never give up and keep pressing forward. All of the characters are uncharismatic and awkward and are often knocked back by those they want support from, they don't giveup or compromise any of their product. It is a truly feel-good and motivating show to watch, and definitely hilarious. :) This show would've definitely have been a 10/10 for me. Its humor and interesting stories are always pulling me back for each episode. But one problem that was constant throughout the whole show's run was Jared. Jared is a great character whose formality and cringe is hilarious. However, Jared is a very inconsistent character. One episode, he would be telling Richard to be moral and to be of good heart. But then in another episode, Jared would tell Richard to go the "it's business, nothing personal" type of route. This always bothered me and often made pissed off at Jared's character. I would often think "Is Jared all about Business or all about Morality? In a show about not being able to have both, just choose one!" Obviously, the writers didn't choose and thus, the writing inconsistency. This is 'the' show for aspiring CEOs and CTOs who are nerds. Being someone who lived in the silicone valley for over 12 years, I can say this show is dead on.. its pretty much exactly how it is in the Silicon Valley.. everyone is developing an app and starting up their own start up. This show is so funny too it has my laughing on every episode.. TJ Miller is a riot!! I give it 9/10 stars. Great show! I only gave 9 because I miss TJ Miller. But this show found a way to make tech funny (no easy task). This show is pure joy. This once great show is limping along without them. I turned this down when it first came out, like a venture capitalist passing on a promising start-up. I didn't give it much of a chance because I think that I probably watched five whole minutes before turning it off, for whatever reason I had way back then. My brother recently binged the entire series and told me that I needed to give it another try.<br/><br/>I'm not afraid to admit when I'm wrong, I actually love it when I'm wrong. In this case, being wrong meant that I waited until the series had wrapped and I didn't have to wait around to watch episodes week-to-week like an animal, as they make you do on the network that put this out. So, I won.<br/><br/>Every character (except one) is a scream. They could all (except one) walk off this and have their own series.<br/><br/>Of course, Gilfoyle has almost all of the best jokes. Who could better deliver the darkest of dark humor than a devout Satanist? Take him out of the script, along with all of his lines, and you'd have, I don't know, some crappy show like Friends of whatever. Imagine Friends with lines like, "If my mother were naked and dead in the street, I would not cover her with that jacket."<br/><br/>Baghead is funny in a very different sort of way. He's like the most existential human being ever portrayed on screen. That's what he brings. Just that. That's huge.<br/><br/>Jian Yang is goofiest stereotype of a Chinese person ever put on film. It's not racist or bigoted because he's freaking cool. Period. He should have his own series.<br/><br/>It's Richard I can live without. I don't like his character and he's never fun to watch with all of his "I Love Lucy" situation comedy baloney. The end of the series was a huge disappointment, especially considering how great the rest of it was. The last gag with looking for his pen drive in yet another "I Love Lucy" gag. I have rarely experienced such quality written, well thought out and cleverly handled piece (big lover of 30rock). And I was raised on British comedy so tough competition (Green Wing as my favourite, pure gold).<br/><br/>Silicon Valley brings pure emotions to the very surface. Experiencing real laughing-out-loud, cringing and holding thumbs in Richard's favour. Absolutely in love with Gilfoyle and his relationship with Dinesh. And all other characters who are flesh and bones of absurd plot twists. Oh my word, there is some seriously great writing in place. Very often meeting my husband's eyes while watching, both expressing sheer joy and admiration for everyone who work to run this show. What a piece of art! Sweet torture! Thank you!<br/><br/>P.S. Currently on S06E06, so hopefully won't have to change my mind after the end of the season ;) First 4 seasons were the best. Erlich had a big role in it, they ended it very weird and badly. This has to be my favourite show. I've never felt the need to binge watch something as this, so you can imagine how sad I am knowing this is the season finale. Trust me 6 seasons are not enough. Love the humor, love how close to reality it is and how I learned SO MUCH from it. I really believe if HBO gave it more attention, it would a grow a huge fanbase, sad to see it go. If you are looking for something tech associated with a lot of loud laughs (not the typical exhalation laugh from the nose) THIS is the show. I thought this show was really good through the first few seasons. After that it tapered off some and season 5 was stale. Season 6 picked up some of the original shine to finish strong. This show does have a lot of great actors who are still making a name for themselves. Kumail Nanjiani is finally getting the recognition he deserves. I've been a fan of Martin Starr since his days in Freaks and Geeks but my favorite role with him was Roman DeBeers on Party Down. The two of them bantering is my favorite reason to watch Silicone Valley. Zach Woods is another actor who is coming into his own and will surely get some good parts in the future with his work in this show as well as VEEP. T.J. Miller is the same character in everything he is in. It works but it is starting to get tiresome. Patrick Fishler is good in this show but he takes it to another level in Happy. All in all this is another winner by Mike Judge. I do have to say I find it funny reading some of the 1 star reviews. But as usual when you go check who wrote the stupid reviews you will find that they are trolls who made an account just to bash this show then they went dormant. Don't listen to the haters, the first 4 seasons of the show are great. I've watched season 1 and 2 and it's easy to tell when something wrong is going to happen because the characters will talk about it all episode that it's the one thing they don't want or can't have happen or it would "ruin them". It's in every episode where a character makes an obvious wrong choice against all common sense that turns the progress of that episode on its head. These parts are tedious and cringe-worthy to watch if you are expecting believable and relatable characters. This episode is together with me for 5 years, in which I grow from a high school student to a undergrad major in Electronic and Computer Science.
It reflect the true life happen on code creaters and true things happen on everyone on the ladder of growth.
The script is really attractive, especially there happened some pity things. This is not a parody. This is how ACTUALLY Silicon Valley looks like. Every single actor could represent a real person, a real story.<br/><br/>People getting money out of thin air, and others who make meaningful things struggle all day all night working trying to achieve something meaningful, and of course while staying in a house with lots of roommates (who could have expensive cars, but can't afford their own apartment).<br/><br/>The market drives everything. After watching this show, sit back and think. Compare Richard's and BigHead's timelines and see how it fits, these things actually happen as we speak... The fact that you can binge watch this show pretty much says it all -- it's a great show.<br/><br/>They managed to pick the most perfect cast of characters of all time, IMO, also. They must have a great casting director, which I think is what made all the difference. I love this HBO tv series laughs all around, glad the new season started I liked the series Very much. Sad that the seasonfinale was VERY disappointing I rarely write reviews for TV shows, but considering how incredible "Silicon Valley" is, I felt like sharing my 2 cents on the topic. Many of the reviews for this show were after or during season 1, so i'm happy to say that the show is still amazing halfway through season 4. <br/><br/>Like many other reviewers, I am a programmer myself so I have a great appreciation for the show's technical content, even if it is sometimes unrealistic (it is a comedy first and foremost, after all). While there is a variety of computer science related topics discussed on this show, you do not need a technical background at all to enjoy it's content. A lot of people I talk to seem uninterested in "Silicon Valley" simply because they feel like they won't understand it, but that simply isn't the case; while a background in IT/computer science will certainly help you understand some of the jargon used, it is not at all necessary to enjoy it. <br/><br/>What makes this show so special is the characters; each character is hilarious in their own right and together, they make for some pretty fantastic moments (particularly the back and forth banter between the characters Dinesh and Gilfoyle). T.J. Miller is absolutely hysterical as the weed smoking Erlich Bachman and I highly doubt anyone could pull off the dialogue better than him. The writing is also very witty which definitely helps bring the characters alive. Those who follow the tech world will notice that some of the characters are archetypes of real people (i'm thinking of you, Mark Cuban) and helps bridge the gap between the fictitious world these characters operate in and the world we see around us everyday. <br/><br/>I'm so glad this show has not lost it's way since the first season, and one could argue that it has gotten better as the years have progressed. The cast feeds off of each other so well, and coupled with the fantastic, intelligent writing, this may be the best comedy on TV right now (my opinion of course). If you don't know anything about computer science or IT, do not worry; it simply acts as a vehicle for the plot and in no way affects the comedy happening on screen. <br/><br/>If you have not watched "Silicon Valley" yet, definitely give it a shot. It may not be for everyone, but I certainly think that most people will find it hilarious. Silicon Valley was an amazing series which I looked forward to watching each and every season. However, the last episode was a complete let down. All of their work was for naught and the ending was utterly uncreative. Would have given this series 10 stars, however with the way it ended I would be hard pressed to give it a six star rating. Catched this show few days ago, and after I watched Bing Bang Theory I must say I am thrilled about focus on strictly world of geeks, developers, angels and all those in the vast, yet strict world of IT industry.<br/><br/>I am Graphic Designer and former web developer but been worked in various IT companies and met lot of geeks and similar girls & fellas, so I am bit familiar with that showed here.<br/><br/>This is really great and funny show, and as it is from HBO it can't something cheap made and shallow. Actually by the third episode it becomes more and more involving. I adored how they managed humor through I believe real situations that exist in this world. I never been in USA or Silicon Valley but I believe the creator and producers did not degrade the core of it. I liked not just humor but also visual representation. For example, just some detail like T shirts with actual motives is awesome. <br/><br/>To add final world, I think this is motivational show for getting new ideas in industry, if you are involving in it. I am not geek, just ordinary designer, but I see how motivational it is. I even looked on compressing algorithm myself :) Others have written far clearer synopsis, I'm just here to gush. For reference: my idea of good TV writing and taste = breaking bad, persons of interest, the good wife, Battlestar remake, better call Saul, John Oliver, the Office, Arrested Development. <br/><br/>Basically...with Silicon Valley you won't have time to pause and think because the deadpan silliness and ridiculously deep funniness will just keep coming non-stop. The pacing, timing, the punchiness and energy economy - well basically everything that matters in comedy craft are executed so freaking awesome and fabulous and BRILLLLLLIANT-LY it's beyond my vocab... <br/><br/>Who would think a show with some unfashionable geeks fumbling and b****ing around in their make-shift incubator suburban open plan kitchen cum office cum home with a swimming pool would be SO captivating and rotf entertaining! <br/><br/>And where did these actors come from? Where have this AAA writer producer director team been all these years? Please keep them well nourished. The world needs more of this caliber of performers please thank you TV show investors.<br/><br/>The humor is fresh yet ageless, cutting yet human, original yet universal. Evidently there's been some serious research of the subject matter, obvious in-depth - or even insider - understanding of the techie culture and industry. Still it doesn't matter if you're into dot com start-up culture or VC courtship dramas or not; even if you're an occasional mindless Youtube surfer or online shopper or voyeur you can relate and be drawn in. <br/><br/>The whole thing is so seamlessly put together, so tightly produced, the actors are SO IN THE SCENE WITH EACH OTHER...even the most absurdly irreverent and craziest lines managed to sound so logical and matter of fact, even realistic! After all that scathing sarcastic outbursts and drama queen nonsense and deadpan cynical madness there is still heart and sweetness - you'll care about the individual dilemma and where they're going and soon get sucked into binge watch mode. <br/><br/>How the Silicon Valley team did it, with such consistency, I don't know. Just watch it and feel The Craft speak for itself. 11/10 if it's possible. Wow, just an amazing show I absolutely love it. The characters specifically are funny as hell and each one brings something new to the table. Mike Judge has created a sophisticated, funny TV show that is clever and well worth a watch. I had only seen a couple of Mike Judge creations (Beavis and Butt head and Office space) before watching the show so I didn't really now what to expect but I was pleased to find that he has made the show not only an accurate depiction of the real Silicon Valley but also accessible to the masses. I was especially impressed with the character of Erlich played by TJ Miller as he is not only funny but also the way he aggravates the other members of the hacker house allows for a lot of funny scenes. I really hope the show stays around for a while as I am really enjoying it. What can i say. The first 4 seasons were just brilliant. The whole thing was hilarious and totally believable too kinda.<br/><br/>Then things started going downhill and this season 6 is just absurd and anything can happen anytime to create a punchline. As a result it isn't that funny anmore :/ I've seen all 6 seasons of this show. It's...not good. Is there a laugh every now and then? Sure. Do they stumble into an interesting story occasionally? Sure, especially in the first season.<br/><br/>But the show is made by a formula. They add one dimensional characters with weird quirks, and they always do the same thing where Richard moves forward without key information, then realizes he screwed up everything by moving forward without that information. That's every story point. Richard thinking he knows what's up, only to find out, oops, things weren't as they seemed. Enjoy 6 seasons of that over and over again. I am 14 year old and my 30 y. o. brother recommended this sitcom to me. And i really like it , i was really sad when i i have read that HBO is finishing it.
So in my opinion u should watch and u won't be regret! I laugh out loud all the time with this serie. I just saw the final season and it was brillant. Super recommended This is a very frustrating show. Some of it is sheer brilliance. BUT! - It needs a little more imagination on plot. EVERY episode ends the same. The group make their millions 40 minutes into the episode. On 45 they loose it all! You can also reverse the scenario - Loose everything on 40 minutes, - 5 min later all multi millionaires - AGAIN!! I completely wrote off Silicon Valley after the first two horrible episodes of season 5. None of the well-honed character interplay was at work, it was all over-the-top standard Hollywood underbelly humor with the characters caricatures of themselves, and silly plots. Out of boredom, I gave the third episode a try (director: Babbit), and oh wonder: back to its old self, as if nothing had ever happened! Which is: a gold standard in playing off opposites, all the types of real and demented Silicon Valley nerds. While extremely funny, at the same time it hits home because the scenarios and people are actually so believable. I saw the first season trailer years ago and thought it was going to be like the "Big Bang Theory'' (which didn't do it for me, because of the stupid laugh track at the end of every unfunny one-liner)<br/><br/>Until I sat down and watched the full episode of this hilarious show! I was hooked. It's one of the best comedies I have ever seen. Even if you're not a techie , this show is for you.....one would be able to relate to at least one of the characters on the show.....Can't wait for Season 4!!! It's fun, but subtle. It can make you laugh like an idiot but the scenes remain quite serious. It's not like a super silly comedy which only misses the added laughter. It's hilarious in a more realistic way. Some things that happen you understand later, and that makes some of the jokes funnier.<br/><br/>The characters are lovely and each of them has their own persona, with their silly flaws and beautiful traits. You get attached to them but also get entertained by their adventures, even through the failures. <br/><br/>But unlike many other shows, this one makes fun of everyone in a cute way and makes it hard for you to hate anybody, but rather feel sympathy and relate to the situations. It's always interesting and it doesn't go long without surprising you.<br/><br/>When an episode ends, I feel like immediately watching the next one. They usually end with something mysterious and unfinished, which is common and understandable. I got charmed and hooked on it. It's worth watching. I will be happy to see the next season, and hopefully many more. This series had great promise and fresh taste initially, but after only a few seasons, lost its inspiration and became repetitive and ultimately quite underwhelming. Still, it is often intelligent and respects its audience, but also becomes routine and often nonsensical. Could not survive the abandonment by T.J. Miller for more that one season, but he abandoned the show because already by the 3rd season, the series started to lose its considerable initial charm. In the end, the series served as an increasingly starving cash cow, and imploded by losing its point, but at least it was relatively quick if ugly death. This show was an 8/10, now it is a 4 or 5.<br/><br/>The show was so good, but when Erlich (TJ Miller) left it started going downhill. I still enjoyed season 5, but the current season is awful. 5 episodes in and there have been 1-2 funny moments, and that is a generous estimation.<br/><br/>The first 5 seasons were so rewatchable. I would usually watch it 2 or 3 times before the new episode aired. This season I haven't rewatched one episode. Story is nicely crafted and loves the concepts and it clearly explains how the startup company will face the difficulties initially and how they are succeeded after all difficulties. Pied Piper is the perfect name. Compression algorithm concept is new and it is most expected one on today world to manage big data. And Play between two billionaires is showing exactly how the tech industry is as of now. Initially I'm not interested in serials.. and after watching the trailer and impressed and started watching the shows on TV. It is already planned for next season. Currently I watched the Ep:07 from season 2. And waiting for the more seasons in future. If there was a word to describe this show it would be dreadful. I was recommended to see this show by friends as it was described by them as hilarious and addictive.<br/><br/>However after seeing the first season I could definitely say I would never ever watch a second season. The jokes are repetitive and obvious, the receipt used to create the show as been used over and over by likewise comedy series (not saying nothing about the quality of other shows) and the plot gets really evident reaching the end.<br/><br/>Besides, in the beginning of the show the jokes changed between clever jokes and dirty jokes which is really good because of the balance between the target audience. Despite that, when you reach the end of the show you can only get puns and dirty jokes. For example one of the episodes revolves around a racist joke that starts as a funny way to improve the show but ends getting repetitive and irrelevant which makes that episode one of the most boring episodes ever.<br/><br/>Watch one episode, if you like watch the rest with your hopes down if you don't like, don't waste your time on this show. It's been a while since I've watched something different from the usual geeky comedies. This is an awesome short 25ish series of great humor and fun. <br/><br/>The plot is simple, characters are great. I recommend it strongly to everybody as I laughed grotesquely to all the steps that needs to build a "web giant".<br/><br/>It has fun, it is smart, you will enjoy definitely if you are one of these people that read comments, search the web and are into the so called modern "trend" of web surfing.<br/><br/>It is understandable humor for everybody! Just watched the entire season 1. It certainly looks promising. I hope next season won't continue in a similar fashion to the big bang theory, where it got totally spoilt after the lead characters started dating and the scientific jokes died out.<br/><br/>The characters are all pretty good, plenty of room for development. Peter Gregory will be a huge loss for the show, but lets hope that the writers can sort it out.<br/><br/>I also like the house they are living in and the fact that there are many scenes outside the building, which gives it a more natural feeling.<br/><br/>Really looking forward to next season, please don't ruin it. This new season felt like long ad for Tesla. Drop from level 10 to 1. If you dont watch the series finale its an awesome show. Being an entrepreneur is hard. you will never have a stable relationship, stable income, stable mental state, stable living condition till you hit the jackpot, but to be honest 99% of the startups fail, 99% of entrepreneurs fail too. this tv series is a perfect representation of what can and will happen if you want to change the world.<br/><br/>watch it with the darker version; "start-up" to understand what can possibly go wrong in the life cycle of an idea. I liked this from day one. You immediately have your favorite "characters you like", and dislike. -Something good to follow. BUT! I was getting really fed up with the plots. EVERY episode was the same. - - START :- P. Piper is the greatest thing since sliced bread. - 40 minutes later - P.Piper is being bought over/sold/ripped off/ made bankrupt/sued/ blah blah! Same plot EVERY episode. But now (Series 5) - It is getting better! - More imagination being used, and not always the same result! I have been watching the show since season one, which was off the charts. The show made a solid foundation with first two seasons depicting the exact difficulty an entrepreneur faces in building a business but season 3 and 4 has swapped the comical drama with senseless banter. Season 3/4 cannot be reviewed without talking about season 1. Season 1 had great promises, it impeccably depicted the socially immature, not so successful engineers who accidentally invent a software that would change the whole networking world. Converting the idea into a successful business was a strong story to tell. It was like watching THE BIG BANG THEORY with a plot. But now each character acts as if they have not been given a script. I don't understand why the writer has introduced senseless problems that has no possible way of occurring.Now,the show is trying very hard to make us laugh and fails miserably. I think the main problem is that it should have been wrapped up way earlier. Now the crap has spread so far that it's impossible to clean. Only cast and music remains constant and rest has gone downhill in the worst way. I recommend not to watch the show because you don't need to. Silicon Valley - a US TV series running on HBO already in its 3rd season. The story is about a start up company founded by a guy named Richard who works with 2 other total nerd programmers, all living together in an "incubator" owned by Erlich who is a total pot head. There are also other peculiar and lovely characters in the series and altogether the writing is not only hilariously fantastic and well thought of, no, every episode ends with a twist that comes as a total new surprise - even for the advanced Silicon Valley watcher - that is the bliss of it - a series so well written and played that you'll always be looking forward to the next episode, forever. Wonderful show! Great show that follows a group of people as they develop an app/programming and figure out coming of age issues in their life. Smart, well written, and flows well. While I really like Silicon Valley, Betas is a better show! To a large degree, I would say that Silicon Valley copied the Betas show and put a slightly older character twist to it. The original is always better! If you get the chance to watch Betas, take it. Both shows have a single female in the programming group, however, Betas treat theirs as an equal, and are more of a team. Silicon, on the other hand, seem more cut throat and competitive. Instead of working together, they are often undermining one another.<br/><br/>Dayne Coming from a surprising First Season, Silicon's Valley Season 2 doesn't disappoint either. The addition of new characters was a wise decision to not let the series become worn. As something already recognized in Season 1 and in this season continues is the well-done performance of the actors in creating different stereotypes of people who live in the valley, not only programmers, but businessmen and others too. In my opinion, the best additions to the Second Season were Russ Hanneman (Chris Diamantopoulos) and Pete Monahan(Matt McCoy), because when they were in the scene, they were the ones who made me laugh the most. But the one who stands out of all is Erlich Bachman(T.J. Miller), this guy is amazing.<br/><br/>I have some friends who have spent a time in the Silicon Valley and they said that the series does a nice job in representing the actual life there, such as the companies and incubators. The new situations which the characters have to pass through are hilarious and the mess caused by their actions is even more. The arguments between Bertram Gilfoyle(Martin Starr) and Dinesh Chugtai(Kumail Nanjiani),representing the endless fight of software guys vs hardware guys, are really comical. I assign three, rather than zero, out of ten because the show does afford the occasional laugh.<br/><br/>And now, to the meat of my review.<br/><br/>I had thought "The Big Bang Theory" was offensive enough, serving solely to perpetuate the stereotype that every engineer and/or programmer in Silicon Valley is (a) God's gift to technology while simultaneously (b) an abject imbecile, utterly devoid of common sense. We even see people who--literally--lack the common sense to use the bathroom at a friend's house. Oh, but "Silicon Valley" is different because we're on HBO and these nerds and geeks are permitted to use words suck as 'f*ck'.<br/><br/>While the United States continues its precipitous decline and Asian nations that respect learning continue their stunning ascent, America continues to dumb itself down by perpetuating the mythos that being intelligent equates to being an intergalactic genius, which equates to being an utter loser. The only things that matter are football and basketball.<br/><br/>FYI, I've consulted all over the US for many, many years, and let me share a secret about Silicon Valley software engineers: they're the same as anywhere else. You've got good and bad; a few outstanding and a few wretched; and a preponderant majority of mediocre. Silicon Valley is a poor excuse to keep HBO TV producers employed. The plots are forced. The humor is out of place.From an initial eye test, the actors, settings, and plot line panders to the pretentious HBO watchers and pseudo-intellectuals watching tech feeds on Yahoo Finance. <br/><br/>The story and plot line is same old sitcom, yet it is dressed up differently. I could see the producers say "lets make the setting foreign to the average American: Silicon Valley! Add quirky down to earth characters as audience avatars. Squeeze plots out of the average sitcom formula. X character does one thing that creates a problem for Y character. Y character tries to solve it producing hilariously unexpected results and makes another problem. And there you have it. Silicon Valley.<br/><br/>But, wait this is different. It's in Silicon Valley. It's smart and like real life. Nope. It's not different. It's about a bunch of nice guys chasing dreams facing the push back from traditions institutions. In this case, the institutions are the big bad tech companies. The characters are no different from artist trying to get record deals, Wall Street brokers aiming for he big bucks, or rookie cops conflicting with bureaucracy. Repeat for 3 seasons , dress it up with masturbatory techno-babble and you have Silicon Valley. <br/><br/>The characters are by no means original. Let's go back to Seinfeld crew. Richard is the frantic and passive aggressive Seinfeld. That Mormon looking guy is the weird Kramer one who eats out of a dumpster. The Indian is the minority (Elaine) or "insert racist/sexist jokes character." The one with the beard is the quiet dull character to contrast the others and make snark comments. This is lost potential for HBO. The producers could have added women main characters as tech engineers. They could have added 40 somethings switching careers or learning new tricks. But no. They did cardboard cut out, millennial generation to throw tomatoes at as they navigate life in Silicon Valley. <br/><br/>The settings and visuals range from a crappy house to giant tech company perks galore in Silicon Valley. It is so unoriginal and cliché that it doesn't take a Devry major in business to know that these places exist. Yet , HBO forces these images on you as if you are in on the joke. HA HA look at the juxtapositions! With a lack of interesting characters, stories, or plots, the visuals seem hollow and don't achieve the satirical effect that was intended. It just looks like a manufactured and pretentious TV show to be forgotten in 5 years. <br/><br/>Overall, don't buy into the Sillicon Valley hype unless you truly want to waste time. If you are smart enough to get what HBO is trying to convey, you should be smart enough to spend your free time watching, reading, or listening to something else that is more entertaining. Do not force yourself to like this. The first season was interesting and even with some logical errors in the script I continued to watch. However getting half way through the second season I started to see a pattern with the script. Whomever was writing this crap just kept spreading the story too thin. It was as if they needed to stretch stuff out because they didn't have enough content to make the episodes interesting.<br/><br/>There are too many deus ex machina devices being used. The characters are supposed to be these amazing geniuses in the field of computers but they end up being morons. Too many episodes where they do stuff which isn't realistic or logical. Too many contrived scenes which feel like a square peg being forced in to a round hole.<br/><br/>The predictability of the script was terrible too. I could watch the opening scene and then skip to the ending and miss nothing in the middle.<br/><br/>I ended up stopping towards the end of the second season. I couldn't handle the predictability of the characters or the overacting, the terrible dialog or the lack of logic. A good analogy would be like watching Family Guy which often uses filler scenes of Peter farting for sixty seconds. It's got it all. A great story, it's funny, great acting, memorable characters. It is perfect and totally must see. Noting to add. The first few episodes were funny and I had some good laughs. However, after watching the first 2 seasons I realized that the plot doesn't go anywhere. They have successes, but then somehow always ruin everything and end up at the starting point in the same house with no money. It gets tired very quickly.<br/><br/>I was hoping that they would succeed and start building a bigger company, but it's one step forward, one step back for these guys. I don't think they will ever get out of that house and the show will just continue like this with no real development.<br/><br/>I would have given the show an 8 for the first few episodes, but after watching seasons 1+2 I'm lowering it to 4. I'm going to pass on season 3 and find something else to watch. I have been a member of IMDb for many many years now and am a big movie and TV enthusiast. But not a Big fan of Comedy TV series or movies , i watched less comedy movies in compare of Action, Adventure, Drama, Thriller etc.<br/><br/>So at the fist time i watched this TV-series, one think that attract me is , this show is about programmers, and by Profession i am a programmer too. watched all 2 seasons of Silicon Valley and its worth watching , It is understandable humor for everybody! this show is perfect in terms of comedy , a lot of fun moments in this show that i really enjoyed watching, i love the fighting of Gilfoyle and Dinesh :), Thomas Middleditch great acting skills.<br/><br/>I am eagerly waiting for its season 3, Lets see what they r gonna do in the next season. :) first of all, this show is probably not for everyone but even if you are not from IT you may like it. For people like me, who knows inside out of this world, its hilarious.<br/><br/>The characters has performed so well, it hardly feels like they are acting, very natural and real. <br/><br/>I just finished the last episode of season 2 and i was on the edge as it was really exciting finale. At times I feel like kicking the Lead actor coz he keep doing stupid mistakes but thats how the producer wanted this show to be, to make us all feel, damn he should have not done this. <br/><br/>The story is really keeping audience on the edge and moves very subtly and logically forward. Its a great satire on the cliché of IT industry. I see some reference from Apple will come in season 3, coz this is where the show is heading. My current favorite TV show by far! As a veteran of Silicon Valley, I am always hypercritical of movies and TV shows that attempt to portray the history and lifestyle of the Valley, which typically are about 10% accurate and 90% nonsense (e.g. The Social Network, Jobs, Pirates of Silicon Valley, etc.). But I was pleasantly surprised with HBO's Silicon Valley, which not only gets most aspects of the high-tech start-up world dead right, it's also side-splitting hilarious! Of course it is over-the-top with tongue firmly in cheek, but to do good parody, you need to know your subject well, and Mike Judge (Beavis & Butthead, King of the Hill, Office Space), who was himself an engineer in Silicon Valley in the late 1980's, absolutely nails it. If you're a tech nerd like myself, you'll absolutely love this show - though being a nerd is not a deal-breaker.
Silicon Valley is a great sitcom featuring incredible characters - and has surprisingly good character development. All the main characters are hilarious in their own way, and make me laugh out of nowhere - even in the darkest situations.
The show plot is simple, but through many ups and downs and various of challenges - the plot just works very well.<br/><br/>All around a great show, solid 9/10! I have been following Silicon Valley for quite some time. It has never been a exceptional show but keeps you laughing for its sort burst of episodes. Also I like the characters. Season 5 gained pace in the later episodes. The general consensus on this newest season of the hit HBO comedy series is that this was perhaps the weakest season, but compensated with an incredibly satisfying conclusion. For the most part, it sticks with the same patterns of the first four seasons. The characters have victories and setbacks in equal measure, inching toward making their dreams for Pied Piper a reality. However, after four seasons of making mistakes, it seems like the characters should be learning not to make such rash decisions anymore. Though creator Mike Judge has said that the level of chaos on the show is actually accurate to real life in Silicon Valley, there is still something that feels overly familiar about the causes of all the characters' problems. However, this is somewhat forgivable because of the way that the chaotic nature of the show creates a lot of uncertainty and suspense as to whether one situation or another will work out well for our characters and what it will cost them. The loss of TJ Miller's character Erlich Bachman is felt, and I think that is a definite factor that makes this season weaker than the others.<br/><br/>Despite these drawbacks, there is plenty to like about this fifth season. Richard has reformed from his descent into corporate deception in Season 4, and in this season he has to deal more with running a larger-scale version of Pied Piper. The war with Gavin Belson continues as he struggles to maintain his position at the head of Hooli. Jared and Monica's roles are diminished, but they still hold vital roles in the company. Dinesh and Gilfoyle gain a bit more independence and begin having conflicts with the new Pied Piper employees instead of just with each other. However, their rivalry remains intact, and this season features perhaps their funniest struggle yet. Big Head and Laurie Breem get a little more attention and significance than usual. This is by far Jian Yang's best season as his ambitions make for a lot of good laughs beyond his continued hatred for Erlich. A few new characters are introduced, but none that are particularly memorable.<br/><br/>This season shows Pied Piper as a more fully realized company that isn't just trying to get off the ground. Where Richard and company used to try to convince VC's to fund them, they are now trying to recruit other companies to join their platform. The series goes into some new technological territory, featuring Teslas and crypto coin in major ways and even brings up data-harvesting like the kind Facebook has been employing. Richard's creation of a new, decentralized internet also brings a new tech element that could be read as a call to action for real tech companies.<br/><br/>So while this wasn't the best that we've seen from Silicon Valley, I do not think that it is an indication of the show's decline either. I am already anticipating Season 6 and hope that we will get Erlich back, but even if we don't, I trust that creators Mike Judge and Alec Berg will bring us something pretty good. I have never been in California, especially in the US too. Why do that guys, their clothers and house looks so worst? They are looks like homeless! Is thst really the Valley looks like that? I love the cast that this series has. They nail the dialogues so perfectly and they carry the show well. I love the scenery as well since I'm a bit of a software nerd. Just the kind of audience that the series flirt well with. <br/><br/>The show have one big minus though and that is that the show has twice as much as anxiety as the show Married with children. Its just way, way to much downfall. Its so much downfalls and superfails that you go like "ok its enough" half way. It bursts my bubble quite a lot and some of the jokes are silenced because of it. The comedy is carried by fun dialogues and epic casting, the constant super-high anxiety levels are just not necessary and unfitting. <br/><br/>If you love see ambitious likable guys fail miserably over and over as if a god was working against them. Then you want have the same problem as me. I did find it funny in "Married with children" but they built fun dialogues around it and fitting characters for it. kudos to the writer and director, loved every season more or less. Lot's of love from 'Bangladesh' but just a clarification that, we don't only run click farms here. Putting up things like this in your series (not just once)affects the image of our growing it industry. It wasn't very pleasant. In the last few years, being a bit nerdy has become more and more trendy. Smart is the new sexy. People like Chuck Lorre has tried to cash in on this trend with shows like The Big Bang Theory and I don't think there is anything wrong with that, but it is still a little flat and it still has a lot, and I mean a LOT, of stereotypes. The smart, but social awkward nerds with interests in comics and with no chance with women, are really popular.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong. I do not mind these comedies. Hell, I love Revenge of The Nerds, so I actually like The Big Bang Theory. But it has now been passed by the brilliant new show Silicon Valley.<br/><br/>It is developed by Mike Judge, who made the brilliant Beavis and Butt-Head and Office Space. I love this show. It is intelligently written. The characters are deep and varied. It gives a realistic image of the technology world and its inhabitants. I hope the pilot is a good indicator of where the rest of the show is going. Erlich is brilliant character and Richard is someone I can see being a really great character as he grows. Anyway I can see this being my new favorite comedy show. To quote the far better show "Veep", those guys are just a bunch of "cyber brats". The show actually really looks like the hilarious parody that "Veep" made of Silicon Valley, they really pinned the correct term. <br/><br/>This show is a little bit better than "The betas" in that the sexism and misogyny is not so blatant but still there. There was some improvement with some innovations where one of the developer regrets he was sexist toward a stripper (lol) and they actually flee the stripper, very funny. However you see the stripper and hear the word "cum" in the first episode. I always wonder how many strippers the writers see everyday so that they are so overly represented on screen but let's move on. <br/><br/>I actually kept watching because the content itself was not so bad, you see a little bit how the business works and how developers are. You also see the problems a start-up can encounter, it can be interesting. However I regret it had not enough geek content or references in terms of software development for example. They don't talk much about their actual work. It's much more about how to deal with the investors and other things. The only moment I found really funny was the guy whose start-up idea was to make a soup made of 1 and 0 -- very cool. But other than that, it's not that funny. That said, the founder's start-up idea to compress data is good and not so cliché, so this is a good point.<br/><br/>I really stopped watching at Episode 3 because there is one character that is just painfully annoying and who makes the show very difficult to watch. It's the accelerator and flat owner. What a massive douche. I don't know why they felt obligated to represent that guy. His big advice is "be an asshole" and throughout the show this kind of advice is celebrated. The message is clearly, the more you are an asshole the more you will succeed. I think it's a really bad message. They should use the correct term instead, it is really "be decisive" as in "don't be afraid of taking the right decision" but it is not "be an asshole". This is such a terrible advice because it keeps encouraging people to be actual assholes without them even taking the right decision. I know, the plot is probably about the founder eventually not following this advice, but still, really the whole show advertises it as a good thing. So anyway, I wanted to watch the 8 episodes but I stopped at Episode 3 when the douche guy criticized the company's name and advised "the name of your company should be the kind of name you could say during intercourse" like "google, hulu, uber", and you see them all dumbly approving. Well, if you find that funny it's really because you are mocking the characters so much they are zero-ambition losers. <br/><br/>Yes, once again, forget about "change the world" and all that jazz. The show is not at all for technology lovers, it's not even remotely motivating. At no point you feel they love technology or love what they do, sadly. The show just circles around those bad polluting jokes. I thought the level was too low and toxic for my mind so I stopped watching. If the whole plot is about a success story start-up, any start-up that starts in this context doesn't really interest me. The founder doesn't really want to solve a particular problem that's personal, he just wrote an algorithm that works. The thing is, success stories often start with a deeply personal problem the creator is trying to solve. The show makers really don't get that the crisp lies between the creator's deepest motivations and his or her abilities to make it in reality, that's what's interesting, that's where the adventure is, but it's not in low life jokes. Love Silicon Valley but by season 5 I was just going through the motions. I still enjoyed it. It is like others have said repetitive in formula but I suppose that/those are the frustrations starting a tech company. Computers are here to help us but they always go bloody wrong and so it does for pied piper. I'd recommend but it does get stale but still enjoyable The support cast is very nice the characteristics are funny and relationships between cast is perfect. Except protagonist he is very annoying and unfunny. I'm glad I stayed patient and kept on watching. Through the first couple of episodes the main characters actually annoyed me quite a bit.. also I don't normally like sitcoms. But then it changed and the characters grew on me.. and now I love them and the show. It has made me laugh a lot and I feel like I've gained entrance and insight into an environment I knew little about. Now on season 4 it might be getting a little repetitive but I love it too much to stop so Im gonna hope it catches up to its former glory.<br/><br/>P.s. I love Jared I was looking forward to watching this series.<br/><br/>I started paying the 1st episode and it took only 3 min and 22 sec until I couldn't take it any more.<br/><br/>Since it is about the computer-science world (also mine) I was expecting something smart, bright. <br/><br/>Instead, we are flooded with profanity from the very first seconds. <br/><br/>People should understand that profanity is not humour! I worked in the comedian environment and it is common knowledge that a bad comedian getting a weak reaction from the audience will resort to profanity. Depending on how low the average intellect of the audience is they might warm a little.<br/><br/>It is the case with this series. Their "jokes" seem to be just tons of profanity. <br/><br/>I know a lot of people in this field (software, hardware etc) and they are very far from those filthy-mouthed characters I could watch in 3 min.<br/><br/>I do wonder why it got such a big score on IMDb. I loved this show in the first season and I still liked it the following year. Now I decided to stop watching it. There is nothing new. The story goes around in a circle. First there are those poor nerds with their genius ideas, so they getting successful for a while and then one of these guys makes a stupid mistake and down it goes, every time! I am bored watching the same story over and over. I have seen this often before. The writers are exited and come up with great, creative work. After two or three seasons they have other new ideas and they don't like to spend time with old ideas. They also have earned some good money on this projekt and they are not hungry anymore. So, they don't really come up with great writing anymore because it has become boring even for them.They want to do something new and exiting. The outcome is, that the showis not attractive anymore. It has become a cheap copy of itself! Thefirst two seasons were great, now it's just annoying and a waste of time, at least for me. This show had all the hype. HBO was definitely pushing it. The media was all goo-goo gaga over it. So how did the pilot perform? It was somewhat of a bore, frankly. None of the characters were likable. Who would have guessed that the show would be about a bunch of guys making "the next big thing" and becoming the next Zuckerbergs. Seems pretty cliché. If you want to watch something about the tech industry where the story doesn't involve spouting the names of big tech companies or tech luminaries, try watching Amazon's Betas. Much more diversity in its cast and a lot more likable characters. To be fair, there was one scene in the pilot of Silicon Valley that gave me a little laugh. The evil CEO noticed that programmers come in packs of five, with a designated stereotype for each person in the pack. Here's hoping the show becomes less of a bore in future episodes. I had heard so much about this show, so I checked it out and the result is a love-hate relationship. I'm not a fan of sit-coms, so that would be my main complaint. This IS a sit-com - every line is a "one-liner" which is usually followed by a laugh track. Thank goodness this is not an 'over-the-air' network offering, or the laugh track would definitely be there (think Big Bang Theory) Yuk. Instead, we have a "Bored To Death' - type show with great actors and writing, but not much substance. I would have preferred a little more dramatic feel with some more intelligent comedy as a buffer, but that's always a hard format to deal with in both the writing and delivery. What I like about the show is the subject matter - Silicon Valley, start-ups, programmer geeks, California, inexperienced entrepreneurs and over-night millionaires. This all makes for fun viewing, but it leaves me with a "did I really need to watch" kind of feeling. But hey . . . I'll continue to watch and see how it goes . . . it's not on my weekly "first watch" list . . . yet. Having just gotten HBO after a long hiatus without it, I was able to download HBO GO and watch a couple of shows that I have never seen before. The first was Band of Brothers which I never saw 13 years ago when it first aired and thought it was utterly fantastic. Instead of going straight over to The Pacific, I decided on the recommendation of a few people to try Silicon Valley. They just said it was good show - nothing else.<br/><br/>Without knowing anything about it - whether it was a comedy, drama or anything like that, I watched the first episode and was completely hooked from there. It took me 3 days to watch all 8 episodes and it's been a long time since I've laughed this hard without the laughter being forced. The chemistry between the cast and the different qualities that everyone brings to the table in this brilliantly funny show had me laughing out loud from minute one until the very end. Very glad to see it picked up for another season and look forward to it.<br/><br/>The thing I probably like most about it is how the characters, despite how messed up they are and how cruel and stupid they act towards one another, always seem to have each others' back which adds another dimension - a more realistic dimension - to the show that zany comedies like this just don't have. The humor is crude but I highly recommend it if that kind of thing is up your alley. Try an episode and see if you like it. If not then so be it. This one happened to hit a nice chord with me. My favorite comedy is back right after my favorite show so Sundays are awesome once again. Television likes to pack this night full of great shows so I do my best to keep up with it all. Silicon Valley picks up in Season 3 right where it left off in Season 2 with Richard Hendricks played by Thomas Middleditch finding out that he was fired from the company he created Pied Piper.<br/><br/>Pied Piper has made a compression algorithm that will make data smaller on everyone's computer and this got companies bidding, battling or suing to own the rights of the algorithm. Richard continuously dodges one problem only to find another. He always his friends with him but even now he is starting to see a split in his loyal crew. <br/><br/>After season 3: One of the funniest shows on television concluded its third season tonight. Holding the timeslot right behind Game of Thrones, Silicon Valley provides the humor to balance the bloodshed and betrayal. The show explores the comedy of the computer development industry as Richard Hendricks (Thomas Middleditch) attempts to start a business with his new and highly effective compression algorithm. Along with his two programmers Dinesh (Kumail Nanjiani) and Gilfoyle (Martin Starr), his incubator owner Erlich Bachman (T. J. Miller), and his assistant or consultant Jared (Zach Woods). <br/><br/>There are all sorts of hilarious hijinks but there are some exceptional hilarious moments like Erlich's giant luau party on Alcatraz or his pesca-pescatarian dietary restriction. Richard has to explain his compression to everyday consumers and deal with the press despite crippling social anxiety. Dinesh stumbled onto a successful video chat app and tussled with Gillfoyle about having friends and an ugly company jacket.<br/><br/>Post season 4: The hilarious HBO comedy continues to skewer the tech business with the group of lovable loser coders. Richard Hendricks (Thomas Middleditch) has transferred his brilliant compression code into a video chat application, PiperChat, and tries to build a new internet. Erlich Bachman (T.J. Miller) struggles with Big Head (Josh Brener) and Big Head's father for funding of their company. Dinesh (Kumail Nanjiani) is dating a hacker who he is afraid will start spying on him through the computer. Gilfoyle (Martin Starr) harasses Dinesh for his poor girlfriend choice and becomes jealous as Dinesh rises in the company. Jared (Zach Woods) finds that he has more success when he pretends to be someone else. <br/><br/>Over at Hooli, Jack Barker (Stephen Tobolowsky) rubs the CEO Gavin Belson (Matt Ross) the wrong way and finds himself in the basement. Dinesh finds himself at the top of the company but when he discovers that most of the users are underage, making this highly illegal. The only solution is to sell Piperchat to Hooli who will then have to deal with the repercussions of the young users. Gavin's decision causes him to lose his position at Hooli as Jack takes over. Big Head finds himself hired by Stanford because of his history as a big tech industry guru even though he has never had any success. Erlich tries to find his own success by investing in a new idea with Jian Yang (Jimmy O. Yang) and his app idea SeeFood. <br/><br/>Check out more of this recap and others at swilliky.com I finished second season yesterday and I was delighted with this TV Show. It's a smart Comedy TV show with a great plot. About laughter, I didn't laugh a lot like other sitcoms I've seen, but I have never seen a sitcom with better storyline.<br/><br/>Every character is remarkable from A to Z. If someone asks me who's your favorite character, I'd be in very difficult position. I'd highlight Gilfoyle, Jared, Dinesh, Erlich.<br/><br/>The story tell us about problems that rising companies have and how much work, disappointments and failure it takes to become successful. Also show us how big powerful corporations kills small companies, "Big Fish Eats Small Fish".<br/><br/>Episodes are 30 minutes that I liked better than most of Sitcoms that are 22 minutes. It's about time to have a series for techies. However, while I'm rooting for Richard, the writers are making him look like the Al Bundy of geeks. I'd like to see him win some of his battles sometimes. Also, they are making such a big deal of Richard's compression algorithm, which really deals with storing big data, right? But the episode on Pied Piper trying to get some publicity was more an issue of bandwidth rather than storage capacity. Richard needs to move on to a new projects, like finding how to use the least bandwidth for streaming large files (e.g., online games or live events). In the real world, programmers work on different projects simultaneously. They have tight schedules, too, like one project in 3 to 6 months. Richard Hendriks (Thomas Middleditch) creates a new revolutionary data compression algorithm and Hooli (sounds like Google?) wants to buy his work for an impressive 10 million dollars. He says no and start up on his own along with his friends and the help of a Bill Gates alike investor type. <br/><br/>This is the story of a computer geek and his group of "brogrammers" living together in their shared house. Sounds very boring. But it's actually quite amusing and the details and technical expressions are very accurate. There are A LOT of references to real life tech.<br/><br/>Season 2 on it's way. The series focuses on six young men who found a start-up company in Silicon Valley<br/><br/>When I saw this first time on TV, I've been excited. This show presents the real life of startup geeks. It is really worth watching if you are into Startup Culture. It was created by Stanford Professor Tsachy Weissman and graduate student Vinith Misra at the request of the show's producers.<br/><br/>All the characters were kind of cool and i'm looking forward to see them again. The characters specifically are funny as hell and each one brings something new to the table. Mike Judge is one of my heroes. I always expect nothing but the best from this magnificent voice of a generation.<br/><br/>I am into the fourth episode of Silicon Valley out of loyalty. I don't think I can continue if episode five continues in this fashion. The lead character is a whiny bitch. We got it. Four episodes of the same thing. The subtle awkwardness of idle chatter is captured perfectly in his usual fashion, laced with deeper sentiments about the absurdity and perhaps necessity of it all. Too much time is spent on the annoying quirkiness of each character, and the resolution is suddenly tied up in the last two minutes of every episode. If the implication is that major decisions are fumbled together by the skin of one's teeth, then these first four episodes could have been compressed into two, and the show could have broadened its scope to see how a new start up fares against competition. The talent on the show is top notch, and perhaps my hopes are set too high. It seems like the show should have been given a one hour platform to actually develop all the ideas Judge brings to the table.<br/><br/>EDIT: episodes 5 onward were nothing short of brilliant. Mike Judge, I love you. I stopped halfway through Season 3 Episode 3 (got through first two seasons always hoping it would get better) and here's my assessment. Worst TV show I have watched in 5 years, at least. Acting is painful to watch and and the writing is amateurish, at best. If a high school student passed in these scripts I'd pat them on the back for trying. When they attempt to be funny, it's heartbreakingly bad, like watching a stand up comedian bomb. Really bad. I do not live and work in Silicon Valley, so maybe I'm missing all the REALLY inside humor, but I do work in IT and this show is an embarrassment. Do not waste another 30 minutes of your life. How this show has an 8.5 rating is an enigma. 7|-|3 r34$0|\| 1 |-|473 7|-|1$ $|-|0\/\/ 1$, 7|-|@ 7|-|3r3 1$|\|7 3|\|0U9|-| 3P1$0D3$! 3\/3R'/ |\|3RD \/\/1LL b3 4R0U53D, 3\/3|\| 1Ph 17 15 |\|07 (0/\/\PU73R r3L473D. 9R3@ 4(70R5, r34LL'/ b3L1\/4BL3! 7|-|0/\/\45 /\/\1DDL3D17(|-| d035 4|\| 4/\/\4Z1|\|9 j0B! 7|-|1$ $|-|0\/\/ 1$ r34LL'/ b3L13\/4BL3 4|\|D PhU|\||\|'/ 1 (4|\|7 \/\/417 Ph0R 7|-|3 53(0|\|D 53450|\| 70 b391|\| ;)<br/><br/>The reason i hate this show is, that there isn't enough episodes! Every nerd will be aroused, even if it is not computer related. Great actors, really believable! Thomas Middleditch does an amazing job! This show is really believable and funny. I cant wait for the second season to begin ;) The first 3 seasons of this show were great. Then the wheels fell off and I didn't laugh more than 5 times in all of the remaining seasons and finished watching the show out of pure obligation. Can't say I recommend watching the show after Erlich left and the death spiral began. This show is so BAD!<br/><br/>The acting is bad, the comedic timing is off, the jokes are unfunny!<br/><br/>The lead looks so anaemic it makes me gag. Or maybe he should gag; on some steak.<br/><br/>I still like to watch it when I've run out of shows, just cos I want to see where the show goes. And Peter Gregory is pretty funny. Otherwise, the only ones worth watching are TJ Miller, Kumail Nanjiani and Martin Starr. I liked Martin better in Party Down, and Kumail is always funny (Portlandia, Tubbin with Tash).<br/><br/>Ya, this show sucks. But good effort anyway! As the title says. I've NEVER wrote a review on any film or TV show. The fact that Silicon Valley has inspired me too speaks volumes. Best TV show I've ever seen... If you haven't started watching and have an interest in technology you need to see this! <br/><br/>Favourite character? Depends on who's talking at the time!<br/><br/>Technically correct (as far as I can tell!).<br/><br/>Has literally made Mondays my favorite day of the week! <br/><br/>Screw GoT, Walking dead and any other TV series I'm watching. Silicon Valley tops them all.<br/><br/>Only downside is the episode length. Silicon Valley is particularly good!<br/><br/>This series is one of the best I have ever seen. I can give you 5 reasons for that:<br/><br/>Firstly, fantastic performed! Very good actors and smart conversations.<br/><br/>Secondly, the people are cool. These guys could have been real, it could be your friends.<br/><br/>Thirdly, very interesting topics. The content is applicable to most; program, create a business from scratch.<br/><br/>As a result, Silicon Valley is fantastic and is highly recommended to everyone. I was looking for a new television series and I'm so glad that I decided for this .<br/><br/>Silicon Valley on the one hand shows the classic life of people working in Silicon Valley , but also how difficult it is to succeed ( due to unfair competition ) even though you have a superior product .<br/><br/>My rate is 10/10 and I warmly recommend it to all who want to see something new , fresh and interesting.<br/><br/>My only criticism would be that there is only one season so far recorded and I have not managed to get the impression that I have favorite character , as was Joey in "Friends" or Neil Patrick Harris , who plays Barney in "How I Met Your Mother". Loved this show and every single episode. This show presents the real life of startup geeks. It is really worth watching if you are into Startup Culture. Also loved to see Christopher Evan Welch as Peter Gregory. It was a pleasure to watch him. Another plus point is how many companies like google, facebook, myspace etc are used a reference in the show but it maybe too much for the non-tech audience. But then its a show about Silicon Valley so these things are expected. I gave it 9 just because sometimes its irritating to see Richard too confused to do anything. Show could have used Big Head more. The producers could have made it more than 8 episodes per season. Silicon valley exactly shows that you can steal the entire thing from someone but what you can't steal is the PEOPLE. People differentiates the product.
In this show HOOLI rival company of PIED PIPER steals their entire middle out compression but couldn't make it work even though HOOLI had the most advanced resources but what they couldn't had was the people. The winter break allowed me to catch up with the last season of Silicon Valley, a show that I've really enjoyed for the last 6 seasons, but I'm happy is ending now before diminishing returns sets in too much.<br/><br/>The show revolves around Richard Hendrix (Thomas Middleditch) who along with two coders, Gilfoyle (Martin Starr) and Dinesh (Kumail Nanjiani) take their data compression business from an incubator (a house full of coders) to a full trading company. In doing so, they fight their own proclivities and personality traits as well as brushing up against outside factors such as Hooli, an existing tech giant operated by Gavin Belson (Matt Ross).<br/><br/>Created by Mike Judge, and loosely based on his own experiences in tech in the 80's , I feel like "Silicon Valley" succeeds largely because they got everything right when casting the show. Our central three are perfect, as foils for each other but also as believable friends. Zach Woods - who becomes the fourth key member of "Pied Piper" also adds to that mix well. The show also deserves credit for not allowing Amanda Crew's character of Monica to devolve into being just a girlfriend and keeping her as a rounded character. The earlier seasons have TJ Miller playing a key role but, if I am honest, I was tiring of his character and the necessity to crowbar him back into the story each time, before the real life stories broke about him and he was asked to leave.<br/><br/>It's an issue of repetition though, that I think stops "Silicon Valley" from becoming a real top tier show. It's been hidden somewhat by me watching each season as it aired but I feel if you sat back to binged it now, it would be much more apparent that the show has a formula that it sticks too throughout. Each season has a seemingly insurmountable problem that eventually they overcome by luck, or by pivoting to something else. I'm impressed by the writing, as in the specifics of the resolutions, but it is a theme reprised several times across the run.<br/><br/>It's funny enough though, and if you can limit yourself to not binge it too fast, to alleviate the duplication, it's worth watching. This is first time I am reviewing on IMDB, I had to create the account after finishing it up. The ending couldn't have been better, it was perfect. Enjoyed every single moment of the show. My all time favorite show. If you are in IT related field this is a must watch. Humor, emotion and character everything is on point. It will definitely put the smile on your face. The show starts really good: is funny, refreshing, it jokes about the Silicon Valley reality, by mocking really big personalities in the tech world like Steve Jobs (you can clearly see it on the season 1 poster), or big tech corporate companies such as Google and Amazon. I even liked all the nerdy and absurd situations that happen to this group of guys that are trying to rise in a very competitive market, some moments are hilarious.<br/><br/>Character work really good together, especially Gilfoyle and the indian Dinesh, that are always in competition against each other to determine which is the best developer.
Zach Woods as Jared will be the key for the company to improve and starting to earn money, even if most of the time is underappreciated.<br/><br/>The show is very repetitive, this is the main issue, after 2 seasons jokes are more or less the same, and there is a clear pattern that repeats itself episode after episode. Richard (the CEO of the company) starts with the idea to create a platform. Later on this idea is abandoned to realize a completely different company and this happens many, many times during different seasons. You need to wait until the 5th season to see a more or less stable company with a proper office.<br/><br/>Without any doubt, this is a show that got too many seasons, they added useless plots and subplots to create more episodes. I am currently watching the sixth season (that should be the last one luckily), and I do not feel that excitement when a new episode is released, that I used to feel when HBO was airing first seasons. I haven't been sucked into a story like this in a very long time. Was worth the hbo subscription I love this show because it covers so much content in 30 mins. It has to much things happening everytime. Its the only that I can watch with full attention.
Thankyou for this show. I will be a loyal fan forever. Good tech show , engaging, funny, good characters specially erlich, jing Yan, big head, Dinesh , gilfold..... entertaining show The show's trademark irreverent humor is sharper and funnier than ever, and the new dynamics allow for more unpredictable scripts. While the show's creators had previously suggested season 6 would be the last one, this year really does hint that there may be plenty more to come from this consistently surprising lil' hit. When I saw a trailer for the series and the first few minutes of the first episodes I feared it was going to be a weird combination between Big Bang Theory and The Internship. Fearing that the series would make thousands of references to Palo Alto, or Facebook, Google what have you. That would be sort of a image of the tech industries need to be so innovative that they look silly. <br/><br/>But now I think I have come to the conclusion that the series tries to mock this. Like Peter Gregory and Gavin Belson is actually a clever satire of how investors and business executives behaves. Like Gavin using Asian business methods for punishing employees by not having them work, so they will feel ashamed.<br/><br/>I did also fear that the show would sort of follow into this Zuckerberg story, where a brilliant inexperienced tech-guy manages to come up with a brilliant idea worth billions, and setting up a successful company. But they seem to paint a rather realistic picture of have difficult it is to do something even if you have great ideas, and that success comes and goes and are very fleeting.<br/><br/>Along the way the humor grows into being something else than tech-people in California, and geeks having trouble in completely normal social situations. Jared revealing his actual name and no one paying any attention to it, Jared being locked up in a automatic car and being trapped on a automatic Island, was just one of the most funniest things I have seen in a while.<br/><br/>The whole debate on how much cock Erlich would have to jerk of before the jury would like them, was one of the highlight of the season, and just pure comic gold. Silicon Valley is not laugh out hysterical, is not the best written or acted comedy series that have been on the market the last year. But surprisingly it is funny, and a joy to watch it. Jing Yang is the worst character in the show: selfish, s l u t t e r y, impervious, and m o n k e y i s h without and any humanistic inner feelings. Me and all other people I know who watched it feel disgusted at him. <br/><br/>I'm not sure what happened to the creators so there is such prejudice against China, yet the discrimination and stigmatization don't bring this show any better reputation.<br/><br/>Except for this part, the show itself is excellent. it started really cringe inducing, but promising. funny most of the time, but they never get around. i get that its hard in the real world for a start up company to make it out there, but this show --- their business makes zero progress. and they lack work ethic, i mean i know its supposed to be a comedy but it looks as if they're not trying at all, they're smart--- really smart to be in this line of work -- but they have no ambition or common sense. i want to root for them really bad but they always manage to screw up every good opportunity life throws at them. it bugs the hell out of me!!!! Richard please be more responsible! You make the poorest decisions it seems as if you want your business to fail. :(<br/><br/>only my personal opinion. I just started to watch this show. After 1 season sadly every character repeated it self. They have this stupid formula 1- Something nice happen
2- Something bad happen
3- Richard ( or one of the other team member) ruin more and more everything ( like loosing the company, money, share, name, idea etc)
4-Surprisingly one of the members save their a...<br/><br/>Seriously who would go to company and explain all that detail about his algorithm and codes, front of the tech guys( they must be d...b as hell) . After that crying about how they stole their ideas. No man you just gave them. That kind of stupidity is make the show predictable. Obviously non of them are have business mind, so find a guy who has business mind finish. In reality no one can be that idiot. Having watched up to episode four of the first series I would have to say — so far so good. This is quirky but has a ring of truth about it (not that I would know, I admit). It has some similarities to 'Community' and fans of that show should definitely check it out.<br/><br/>The characters are not quite caricatures, nor are they wholly rounded human beings — just quirky enough to be funny and convincing. The storyline follows a start-up tech company, which does not sound promising as material to get you excited, but it is intriguing enough to keep you wanting to know 'what happens next'.<br/><br/>Given all the great TV around at the moment, this show could end up getting lost, which would be a shame. It is good natured, funny and intelligent — certainly worth a watch. I like it just fine. 
Forever Richard, Gilfoyle, Dinesh, and Jared! Cutting straight to the Point. Had to write this so this show remains for a long time.The show is New , Fresh & Funny...Yeah at times its stupid but which comedy show doesn't have stupidity in it (even South Park becomes boring sometimes but its the funniest show) Its easily among my top 5 Comedy shows.. Underrated Character --> Jian Yang Favorite Characters & the funny ones --->1.Erlich bachman 2.Gilfoyle3.Zach Just finished watching Season 3 I would say its a little slow than the last 2 seasons which was great for me. The best thing is ITS BRINGS A NEW GENRE OF COMEDY,was bored & irritated with HIMYM & TBBT. For me ITS AN ABSOLUTELY MUST WATCH FOR THE COMEDY FANS OUT THERE. As a programmer and database architect i have a bit of a background in the field. And i have to say: Even though the "technical stuff" in this show is a load of crap for the most time - This is a far better show than halt and catch fire.<br/><br/>Though i'd love to see some non-weirdos coming in and contributing something major soon.<br/><br/>The only nearly normal people were the ones who tried to steal the algorithm for huli. And they were a bunch of jerks...<br/><br/>I think the great thing about this show is, that it can be watched by people with and without background in the industry without having to keep yourself of putting a screwdriver through your eyes like every time i watch cloe o brien in 24 open her mouth giving insane IP-Addresses or coding things that would take months in a few seconds. After season 4, when TJ Miller leaves the show never recovered.<br/><br/>All of the main characters in the show have a comedic background, while she is a model. In season 5 the writers tried substitute her in for TJ Miller, but she simply isn't funny.<br/><br/>10/10 up to season 4. Season 5+6 are decent but not particularly special nor HBO quality. They thought they could continue the show without Miller, but unfortunately that gamble didn't pay off. This is one of the best shows right now on television.I watched it because i am a nerd.But this show is beyond that.its the life of 4 nerds and one of them is a super genius.It reminds me of my college times,where friends with bunch of laptops coding all time.All of the characters are excellent ,but el rich stole my heart all the way. I mean seriously ,i never laughed this much for a long time.i am a huge TBBT fan but SV beat TBBT in terms of reality(not of course in acting).So eagerly waiting for next season.i really wish its a40 min 24 episode series.i request the producers to make it so. GO FORIT AND WATCH IT.ITS A TREAT FOR YOUR MIND. I'm simply amazed by this show. It brings everything we know about internet and technology in a such entertaining way. Geek way. <br/><br/>Cast couldn't be better, they all look like geeks, they act like geeks, and they are funny too. Every episode is interesting. I'm just wondering, what else can you ask from a TV show?<br/><br/>Martin Starr and T.J. Miller are my favorite characters, they make me laugh every time they appear in a scene. :D<br/><br/>If you are looking for some romance or bromance show full of action and hot girls, then just don't watch this one. <br/><br/>I like it so much, I hope it will last at least 6-7 seasons. :) I won't watch anything martin starr is in. His hateful political tweets and comments are exactly what this country does not need. Anyone who employs him should be aware they're alienating a significant number of people no matter how good the work is. Stick to acting if that's what you're paid for. If I have nothing better to do, I'll watch it. It's better than most series out there.<br/><br/>It also distinctly lacks female programmers. Is it really that bad in Silicon Valley? It just seem somewhat belittling to females.<br/><br/>I'm a female programmer and I code better and faster than all the people on my team. Guys make up only HALF of the dev team. I'm also the team lead (from both a technical and managing aspect).<br/><br/>I'm not "fighting for female rights", whatever the hell that is. I couldn't care less about what's between someone's legs.<br/><br/>Regardless of gender, how would you feel being treated as a sexual object of interest, rather than a mind to be respected? That's the only thing that bothers me. It's incredible. I hate watching series. I laughed about people locking themselves in the room for watching series without being disturbed. Silicon Valley changed my attitude.<br/><br/>Since the first episode of silicon valley I can't stop watching it. It took me a week to watch all two seasons. But what makes it so great?<br/><br/>First of all I'm an IT Guy. So I am probably a bit predestined to like Silicon Valley.<br/><br/>Next the characters. They are not those standard sets like "the looser" and "the winner". They are so god damn near to real IT guys. But these characters (none of them) are one sided. They all have different ways to look at them. One episode you hate him/her, the other episode you just agree 100%. - incredible.<br/><br/>The situations. It's not himym ex and ex and ex sitting together to force funny situations. It's not a taahm like house with completely different brothers living together. It is just a real-life scenario. Those funny moments are not those that only exist in Silicon Valley. I personally can relate to many of these awkward situations depicted in the series.<br/><br/>All in all it is great. Thanks HBO. This show is absolutely amazing!! Mike Judge has managed to create an amazing drama comedy which parodies the real tech world. The show is hilarious and serious at the same time and is so addictive. Everyone of my friends I have told to watch this show so far LOVES IT!!! Well worth the half hour it takes of my week! If you're a fan of office space i'd highly recommend you watch this show! The comedy is very similar and Mike Judge's style is instantly recognisable. The Casting choices were also fantastic! Thomas Middleditch plays the role of the socially awkward protagonist so well (even though in interviews he has an incredibly bubbly personality), and is supported superbly by the hilariously over confident T.J, Miller. Although the show is based upon a tech company, the dream of owning your own company and building it is something nearly everyone can relate to. All in all, this is one fantastic show. I absolutely love this show! Season 1 was a bit short though, I want MORE! So happy they're running another season AT LEAST! Needs to be a 8 season show! I'm a computer guy, starting up my own company, and this show is very interesting to me! Along with funny as h**l. Anyone could love this show. Even my dad loves it. It's great. Thank you HBO!<br/><br/>I don't ever leave reviews but this one deserves it. I highly recommend you check it out, at least watch the trailer. That's what got me hooked into it. Along with that, the show is intellectual, and they even do drugs, which is a great add-on. I don't personally do them, but the way they depict it just ties into the show. I'm just saying this show has a definite dirty side to it which blows up the humor. Anthony Silicon Valley is all of the above. It has to be funny – it's a sitcom. It has to be smart – it's about Silicon Valley. It's a social commentary – it's Mike Judge so it has to be. <br/><br/>The show's humor is spot-on. It has plenty of low-brow moments without ever becoming too vulgar, and even when it's on the verge of vulgarity, the cast manages to pull it off thanks to their charm and chemistry. It's smart – and that's a part of the success of the humor. Not only is it about "smart", geeky things, it's also smart in its depiction and criticism of the overblown, mystified and venerated startup culture and community which is often just a lot of hot air – and Mike Judge is not shy in letting us know.<br/><br/>The social commentary: it's only understandable that Silicon Valley is taking itself too seriously. What should worry us is that the general public is starting to take it too seriously. Mike Judge's satirical, insider take serves to remind us that these entrepreneurs, coders, geeks, app billionaires are people just like us, with insecurities, egos, qualities and feelings, from the star CEO down to the struggling entrepreneur trying to get his startup to take off. <br/><br/>Mike Judge's work has this strange quality to make you feel more down to earth, make you look at yourself more realistically and more critically, and those are the first steps in becoming a better human being. But I wax philosophical: this show will make you laugh hard even if you don't know much about the tech scene and the things it parodies. 9/10, give us more in season 2! I was enjoying the show until the season 5. Before, it was a show with great writing, funny and smart dialogue, with acid commentary about the business world. Despite some steriotypical nerd tropes and misogny in the first season with the character Dinesh and Gilfoyle, it was great to watch.
But I don't know what happened at season 5: Jared became so dependent of Richard and Richard was so toxic to him, he became annoying. I've really enjoyed this show over the last 6 years. It was one of those shows that was something that got me saying "I can't wait ..." until the next episode.<br/><br/>I watched the last episode today and my first impression was WTF. What was that? They might as well not have tried to build the business in the first place because they would end up in exactly the same place. I was looking forward to a successful end. Still, I've enjoyed the laughs over the years. Great show - very funny. Great story line, Great acting Review of season 5<br/><br/>Mike Judge's Silicon Valley keeps on trucking. The fifth season doesn't feel as strong as the previous one, but it's still really enjoyable, quality stuff. For a summary of the series, see review of season 4.<br/><br/>Rating: 8/10 Review of season 4<br/><br/>Silicon Valley might be my favorite currently running show. A satire of a bunch of friends/programmers trying to navigate through the highly competitive tech-scene of northern California. The cast consists of remarkably talented comedians such as Thomas Middleditch, T.J. Miller, Kumail Nanjiani and Martin Starr, and the satirical over the top take on Silicon Valley is such a great setting for everything (it's kinda cozy too). When I'm binge-watching the show, I sometimes feel that it's a tad too repetitive, but all in all, for me, this is pretty much the pinnacle of television at the moment. The fourth season is as good as seasons 1-2, absolutely fantastic!<br/><br/>Rating: 9/10 This show is so good <br/><br/>I't has a storyline with comedy, failing and winning I really loved watching the show there were moments I could not even stop laughing. <br/><br/>Hbo has a lot of good shows but i didn't really like all of the comedy series<br/><br/>So when I found Silicon Valley i got really happy<br/><br/>I'm not gonna spoil much in this review but its just an amazing series i recommend everyone to watch it. One of the most racist tv shows I've ever seen created by 3 over privileged old white guys disguising their disgusting racist views as a comedic tv show. Repetitive jokes making fun of anyone not white with numerous appalling stereotypes. The amount of goof ups this character does in the series monumentally moronic. The way he and Jared talks where they would take ages to get things out of their mouth and say what should be said is exasperating. Also,amount of geek substance that has been added to characters is so annoying that I'm shouting at my screen. Whenever things seem to go fine main character goofs up, i would absolutely love to slap him multiple times. 'The Office' of the next generation. 10/10<br/><br/>One of the best "new" shows I have seen. As a nerd, who loves building stuff and trying to make it work, I love seeing Pied Piper "excel" throughout the episodes. The lengths they go through to get something (anything) is suck an inspiration to us all. They not only obtain their goals but they push day by day to perfect a better solution. <br/><br/>They hit troubling times yet rise above at others. They put me in my seat watching episode after episode.<br/><br/>Wee need more forward-backward algorithms. I see a brighter future and a smaller compression rate within the near future!<br/><br/>I HOPE AND PRAY THIS SHOW WILL CONTINUE AS LONG AS THE OFFICE DID!<br/><br/>Please don't cancel this show.... Please please don't cancel this show. Whoever would have thought that a comedy series about a group of 20 something IT geeks could have a lady of mature years (along with her spouse) almost on the floor crying with laughter?<br/><br/>Well this is it. <br/><br/>And phrases and scenes still come back and make us laugh anew. The monkey's artificial arm, Jared's nocturnal German, and perhaps one of the funniest of all, Gilfoyle and Dinesh's SWOT board.<br/><br/>It must be good. We've already incorporated phrases into our family's lexicon. And we only do that with our very favourite comedies.<br/><br/>Really looking forward to series 3. Good writing, good acting, well made... this show is far from bad. I would recommend it, but only to someone from the right crowd. Obviously I am not the target audience, being a female, despite the fact that I program and typically love stuff like this. "Halt and Catch Fire" is easily one of my favorite shows. I don't want to come off as crazed feminist; however, this show is under the impression that very few women exist in Silicon Valley and that 90% of women are, like, allergic to everything to do with computers and software and programming and the like. Definitely not true. And believe me, we are not that shallow that we only go after attractive sporty types and ignore "nerds".<br/><br/>Like another reviewer, I'll watch this show when I'm bored because it isn't the worst on television and it has its funny moments, but the unsatisfactory female representation is a big turn-off. I've just finished the first season and although the show gives an interesting insight into the industry I don't think it deserves an 8.5 rating. The plot and the jokes are overly predictable, while the characters are irritating and incompetent. Either 1 or 10 stars ; This IS a great tv show + a great "comedy" , but not for everyone , I cried to choked up , as a forgotten tech "failure" of 30y programming I saw myself through the actors with a suicidal script . I couldn't laugh it off like any mature viewers . the show which obviously simplified behind scenes of the 'tech' in some weird imaginatively pov may had made for the public demographics , It's like everything these days , smart phones , APP-lications , SM websites or OS's . But it mercilessly sacrifice its humble heroes , It's fine But it's Not funny for US It really isn't comical for some . I felt deeply empty during at the end Even ones could see what's coming when in every new episode at the opening teaser they just animated new valley companies billboards ! ... the script is all over the screen play , it's like someone it's fixing it at each scene by different color pen , The producer is trying so hard to show what he think has gone wrong in the valley but almost forcibly attaching side stories into the P.P progress it brute force its criticizing goals to everything has ever happened in the valley but in just couple of not enough minutes of a script , It's like a food made out of too many already made dishes mixed with each other . the show became too greedy as a first attempt on making any non fictional tv shows about IT...But regardless It's a great show to whom can handle its 4 Dots jokes ! The show isn't as funny or entertaining since Tj Miller left. The guy who plays the lead character, Richard, can't carry a show. Jared is the only reason to watch the show anymore Silicon Valley is a funny show, I don't think many people will disagree. I'm a fan of dry humor so some of the stuff really gets to me and makes me laugh. I just can't get over how frustrating the show is to watch because of the plot and the story lines. It's the same thing over and over. They have a great idea/plan, one of them (Richard particularly) screws up royally for a stupid reason, they get in trouble, and magically they're saved from the trouble.<br/><br/>I'm only on the fourth season and I'm debating to stop watching it. I want to keep watching it to see something actually good happen to them for once but it never does. They always end up being the losers in the end. I know that keeping you pulled into a show is literally the point of it being made and to keep you watching, but jeez be a little crazy and let the protagonists win at least every other season or something. Really, just write the characters to stop making so many stupid career altering decisions. They ended this great show in a horrible way. Once promising show failed on all of its promises, the characters ended just where they had started: with nothing.<br/><br/>I've just seen this un-creative series finale and am angry. The show was in a way going in a direction that Pied Piper would be a world changing software, and in the end the Pied Piper software and company crashes and is destroyed. It seems like an unfinished ending. All the character arcs and storylines seem unfinished. It has turned out that this will be a non-memorable show. Just an event that passed by. You won't look back and see just how much fun you had in seeing this show. It's not like Breaking Bad, when you look back and realize how much fun you had watching the show.<br/><br/>Yes this show is funny. But I was expecting it to expand which it never did. Every season begins with Richard creating something out of his Pied Piper middle-out algorithm, then Gavin Belson comes in and tries to ruin everything, and then at the last moment Richard saves everything and season finishes. Literally all six season were just like this. Only the first season was really good.<br/><br/>So the character arcs and storyline do not expand and everything just goes around in circles. I was hoping too see a show, where after Richard Hendrix creates an amazing software in season one, and the story expands, they get rich, shenanigans and funny stuff. But as I said, each season ends with where the characters were at the beginning of the season. There are no words. This is just the funniest TV-show ever! This is one of the coolest shows I have ever seen. It's so freaking funny and intelligently blended with raw humor and more sophisticated comedic moments that it's painfully disturbing to stop watching. Awesome competition with Hooli's The Box III Signature Edition, Gavin Freaking Belson! They just can't get enough of it, I can feel the crowd just begging for more! Well, can't wait for Season 6. Incredible job. Very funny and a great story can sometimes be a little repetedly Silicon Valley is the greatest show on television right now and I'm glad to be watching while it's still on. If you are considering watching this show... do it! It's constantly funny while maintaining a can't stop watching sort of plot. the whole cast has amazing chemistry and the acting is great. 
10/10 The only show as good as this is Its Always Sunny. I dont think anyone can do better job creating such an masterpiece of comedy with technology as a subject. And this is just a reflection of how we engineers live through every single day with a touch of comedy in every bit is amazing ! One of the best tech show's out there. Something new and hilarious. This is a smart, very funny and accurate satire of life in Silicon Valley. I've lived it and if you've always wondered what it would be like to get in on the action, give it a watch. This is a great situational comedy can't wait to see the new season. Please make the season longer, can't stand the withdrawal. This is a great situational comedy can't wait to see the new season. Please make the season longer, can't stand the withdrawal. This is a great situational comedy can't wait to see the new season. Please make the season longer, can't stand the withdrawal. It been a pleasure watching this series. i thought i was just another the big bang theory but no. Its about people making mistakes, taking risks and finding what will hurt them less. I love the portrayal of each character.<br/><br/>It has minimal character development after 4 seasons. Just watch it. and use tabs instead of 5 spaces I've heard this series for a long time, thought it was just another kind of BigBang Theory. One day, after it just finished 4th season, I gave it a try. It started off first few episodes not so interesting to be honest. However, it's getting better over episodes and later I realized it's another version of Entourage. To which the main guy have cool projects to work on and whatever he does, the gang follows him. The projects usually have bright future ahead and potentially give them a fortune but some time later, unfortunate things happen and they always effed-up. Very much like Entourage's story line, just minus the sexy chicks walking around, and in a different industry and completely different styles of characters which means you will get entertained in the same way but in the "valley" environments and situations instead of the "hood". So basically, this is kind of 'sober' version of Entourage. This is literally the best show running for computer geeks and programmers, I am waiting for season 5 really bad. The best character is "Gilfoyle" for me for his attitude, hacking, knowledge, sarcasm, and his amazing fast brain. The theme song even shows silicon valley all companies even the details are kept like Facebook, Whats app, You tube, amazon, etc. I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS SHOW I have power watched MANY TV shows. I stumbled upon this show and I am hooked!! This showed depicts silicon reality in a way that allows the masses to understand what is going on in the gold capital of the U.s. can't explain why I am totally hooked on this show other than it accurately shows what is going on in the valley while we all wait to see what comes out of it next to and despite the drug and distopian society it shows. I so want to be a dope smoking incubator house watching these geniuses create a new society. The coolest series ever!<br/><br/>Office Space was also very good, but Silicon Valley is not only about the human aspects of working in an office. It is not about the silly big corporations. As Office Space showed the very boring feeling of working for an old IT company, Silicon Valley is much more optimistic. Although it is much sillier and sometimes show stupid things but it shows the creation of big ideas, and the born of new, exciting companies.<br/><br/>It contains very living and great characters. The programmers are geeks (even the girls), the investors are posers or simply non-emphatic people, and the competition is maximal. This is a very interesting and living story! The last season stinks! A shame because it is an excellent series but it shows that they wanted to get rid of it and finish it .. Silicon Valley is just Big Bang Theory for HBO. No likable characters, thin plot lines and weak jokes. The only thing missing is a laugh track. Great and brilliant show, but HBO needs to stop ruining a long vested interest with a Final episode FLOP. My advice is to stop at Season 6 Episode 6.<br/><br/>I understand everything doesn't end with Happily Ever After, but maybe with a sliver of hope or yeah .. Happily Ever After would be appreciated. Started off so, so good. Truly, deeply funny and interesting. As sure as gravity another show that becomes a caricature of itself after a couple great seasons. For me it was over the first time Erlich yelled Jin Yang with the camera on the house...and oh, pan out on the house while the viewer envisions what Erlich looks like screaming the name. Went from crafty, intelligent humor to sitcom in record time. I'm only on ssn 1, ep 2, I've decided the show is funny and yet I'm not sure that I can get over how annoying TJ Miller is. I can't even say "TJ Millers character" since he isn't actually acting. He just spewing out annoying verbal diarrhea, case in point: watch Deadpool... same dude, same "witty" comebacks. Zach Woods and Thomas Middleditch are especially funny which proves you don't have to be over the top crude like TJ to be clever and reel in the laughs. If I can overcome my loathing of the ginger moron, I'll change my rating but so far we're down 4 starts for each of his limbs. I work in IT and my boyfriend tried to get me to watch the show. He said it was funny and I might like it. But I couldn't get past the first episode without getting highly annoyed and just not finding it all that funny. I don't know why it has such high reviews. The guy should have just accepted the 10 million and moved on to other projects or just lived out the rest of his life in retirement. I could tell right away where this show was heading and I just rolled my eyes. I'm guessing they went down the greedy route... Pfft, next. I didn't even make it through the first season before I couldn't stand how pathetic and unmanly the main character Richard is! His stupid faces and soft demeanor become too much to handle... he appears to have a learning disabliity!<br/><br/>I think I'll pass on the rest of the "great" 9 star series!? No f'n way... ðŸ™„<br/><br/>TJ Miller is the only good part but apparently he isn't even kept on board later in the series... Not sure why everyone rated this so high, especially if you read the reviews. The show is full of stereotypes with no depth to them. Racism and sexism is just laughed off as all in good fun (as well as some serious animal abuse) and really simple and predictable plot lines. Don't worry, nothing serious happens and it always works out with a happy ending, just like any other mindless half hour sitcom. There are some really good lines once or twice every show, and it is mindless entertainment in a world that is full of serious news right now, so it got a few stars from me. It was a good serie at first, but in some point it's result redundant and boaring. With episodes that repeat all over itself.<br/><br/>It was also very frustrating saw any signal of personal grown up from the character of Richard Hendrick. Anyway, I just watched until 3x02... because was insufferable so many repetition. A bunch of guys starting up a company, one time they are super rich and then the main guy does something stupid and they are super poor, then again, and again, the same thing. It's like watching the Egyptians build a pyramid then destroy it just to build it again. It is more repetitive than groundhog day and there is literally next to no development here. It's taking too long. They shouldn't have made us wait for S6 for so long. I've re-watched all the seasons so far all too many times- way more than I can admit anywhere even to myself. I must refrain from watching it again. Yeah there are plot holes, but basically (I'm willing to consider) negligible given how great other aspects are. I'm pleased with every reference to it I see on the internet though like many fellow fans, for some reason we appreciate it tacitly and don't point it out to the guileless masses. Is that weird ? No I know you can't reply. I know it's weird. I like this series! Please return Ulrich back! ))) Finally, an ensemble superhero show for the awkward, smart and socially inept. What a stacked deck of great characters trapped in dizzingly absurdist vacuum. A must see. Just watched season 4 and it's awesome - I really love this series- the characters, the humor, the quality, and learning about the tech industry. I'd like to see the characters and their companies progress to being more stable and successful rather than constantly struggling - perhaps if Miller leaves it would be a good time for this? (so sorry to see him go!) and it would be really awesome if the series somehow brought in companies involved with environmental/sustainability tech- I'm so happy there's going to be a season 5 and I'm looking forward to it! This series is amazing. The humour is awesome from series 1 to 4. It gets better and better! I like when series keep the same characters throughout the episodes and this one one does it very well. The thinking and the references to the try Silicon Valley are enjoyable!<br/><br/>I recommend it. First thing, it is nicely copied from the book of 'Elon Musk' by Ashlee Vance. You read the book and you would know this series is total adaptation of it. I saw series first and then read book (no connection), then I found whole lot of similarity. That is why this series seemed good as it also provided whole lot of inside information, could be presumed as hard work or research well done. Also actors suck, but hats off to director. In isolation, this series is all fun. Although there is no comparison of Silicon Valley with Big Bang theory or IT Crowd, but they are similar in a way that the lead characters deals with slightly dumb down technical terms.<br/><br/>But Silicon Valley is lot more than that. It shows the character development of Richard Hendricks from a shy nerd to (spoilers) is really something to look after for. The chemistry of lead characters along with their idiosyncrasies is what makes this a unique series. <br/><br/>Looking forward to Season 5.