I was 17 years old when TV4 broadcast this show for the first time in Sweden back in 1994. Back then I had a big geeky interest in UFO:s and the paranormal so you can imaging how I felt when this TV-show came along. It was like my heart could explode of joy. Well, the geeky interest for UFO:s faded and sometimes I was quite tired of the X-files but I always kept on watching. The funny thing is that it is now, a year after the "end" of the show, when I'm 27 years old, that I realize how extremely important the show has been to me. It has been a big part of my life for ten years. And now, life feels a bit empty without it.<br/><br/>What is the best part of the X-files then? Well, of course, first of all, Mulder and Scully and the tension between them. You can't describe it with words, it's magical. That is, very good acting. (If the main goals of life for Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny weren't to become icons, well tough luck :)!) Second, the Gothic atmosphere. The X-files is forests, fog, darkness, snow, mud, autumn, rain, desert. Mmm, me love. Third, the dialog. "SCULLY: Mulder, I wouldn't put myself on the line for anybody but you. MULDER: If there's an ice tea in that bag, could be love. SCULLY: Must be fate, Mulder. Root beer." That says about everything. Forth, all the other characters. They are so complex and carefully created. And fifth, the story. I mean, this is the story of all stories. It has everything. A love bigger than the universe, heroes, diplomats, true evil, a father-son-tragedy and a big, huge and completely wonderful conspiracy. And some aliens not to forget.<br/><br/>I love this story and it will never end. Not in my heart anyway... What can one say? The X-Files will forever be remembered as a true hit TV show, and a breakout accomplishment for Fox. Its survived cast changes, location moves, ups and downs in ratings, and years of airing. I think I speak for everyone when I say that it has been a thrill. Chris Carter has created one of the most defining shows of the '90s. People that don't even watch the show know what it is, and EVERYONE knows who Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are, whether they've ever seen one episode or not. The show brought on a whole new level of TV entertainment in 1993, with its different, moody atmosphere, intriguing lead characters, and mind-bending plots. I admit, while watching most of the episodes, I thought, "This isn't very scary...", but then I payed attention to the detail and it got so good...the lighting, the sets...even when Mulder and Scully are outside (which is often), the sky is hardly ever sunny and bright, but rather dark and shadowy. The details on these things are terrific alone. And Chris Carter has also managed to create intense torture for the fans by forever dragging out the "Mulder and Scully in love" idea. People used to tune in to see when those two would kiss, and they had alot of fun with that, especially in the feature film. But a true sign of integrity for the show is the amount of truth in it. While the show is about the paranormal, and truth in it seems ironic, the show knows what the heck it's talking about. Every word from Scully's mouth is based on actual science. And unlike other FBI shows, The X-Files shows the FBI like it really is--not some tired cliche, but REAL people. And whenever someone, whether a fan or not, hears anything referring to aliens, they immediately think of little green men with small bodies, big heads, and large eyes...all courtesy of The X-Files. In short, this amazing television series has affected so many people. I feel blessed to have grown up with this show, rather than being born after it, doomed to see it in reruns. Because I got to be there for the ride...and though it was often bumpy and is now coming to its end...I can look back and say, "Hey, it was a GREAT 9 years." I find it hard to comment on The X- Files because it simply transcends words. It's an intelligent masterpiece, an epos of beautifully complicated scenarios, plots and characters. Eruditely taking on the grayest of areas, confronting those things under your bed and inside your closet thus bringing new meaning to the fears brought on by conventions and the imprudent obstinacy of social norms. The script, the actors and the direction make the most unbelievable seem believable and the unfathomable- unfathomably real. So thought provoking that if you really let yourself dwell in its essence, it can change the way you see the world, if only just by believing in the conviction that The Truth Is Out There. It is unfortunate that I became a fan of this series 8 years after it was created.  I look at TV these days with disappointment and boredom most of the time since most television drama series/movies deal with one of three genres:  law, medicine, or science fiction.  At first glance, The X-Files would seem to fit into this trend.  However, its uniqueness is that it fits into all three of these categories plus a fourth and most important one: human imagination.  This is what makes The X-Files one of the most intelligent and most important shows on television today.  After all of these years, it is still one-of-a-kind.  It forces us to think, to imagine, and to hope.  I can't say that about too many other shows at the present time.<br/><br/>I have heard several complaints from many people about the past few years of this show:  The writing seems to have deteriorated, the loss of David Duchovny hurt the show, one never seems to find out anything from the show (and on the opposite end, we've found out too much from the show), and it has worn out its welcome.  I disagree with all of these.  The writing is as good as ever (This year had excellent shows; check out Redrum, This Is Not Happening, and the two-part season finale for a peek.).  David Duchovny leaving the show may be a blow to fans, but I think Robert Patrick has done a terrific job in stepping in so late in a series.  The acting is as good on that show as it has ever been.  As for what we have learned from the show, I think that if one expects to be content with knowing why things that happened on the show happened, he is missing one of the major points of the show.  The show is half the story; your imagination is the rest.  Chris Carter has found that happy medium ground of saying enough but not too much. And I for one should be proof that the show has not been on too long.  It is still finding fans (old and new).  Those of you who have shied away from the show are missing out on truly great television.<br/><br/>My favorite show is the third episode from the sixth season:  Triangle.  The show was wonderfully written and brilliantly acted.  Any new fan should check this show in particular out.<br/><br/>The truth is out there.  The X-Files is still a terrific show after 8 years, and I am anxiously awaiting what is to come. I started watching the X Files years ago, catching an episode here, an episode there. And I have to say that most of the underlying conspiracy plot was lost to me as a result. Consequently, I rated the show as OK, but nothing special. Something to watch if you happened to turn the TV on and it was playing, but not something to actively seek out.<br/><br/>However, I recently acquired all 9 seasons and set about watching them, in order, from start to finish, at about a rate of an episode a day. I have to say it all makes a lot more sense now. The conspiracy theorie's "on-off is it-isn't it" nature makes for confusing twists and turns which is exactly what it is supposed to do.<br/><br/>I can't really say whether the earlier seasons are better than the later ones or not. When you watch that many episodes over a few months they all seem much the same in terms of quality. There are standout episodes just as there are the odd turkeys, but overall the quality is good and fairly consistent.<br/><br/>What most people don't get, I think, is that the show became less about the conspiracy theory and weirdness and more about Mulder and Scully as the seasons rolled by. Perhaps this was why it was such a shock when Mulder vanished at the end of season 7 and was replaced by Doggett and Reyes. I too, was inherently antagonistic towards them but, I am very glad to say, they do grow on you. But the two seasons they were in were not really enough for you to get to know them intimately, as you did Mulder and Scully.<br/><br/>The show was filled with memorable characters such as CSM and the Lone Gunmen. Special episodes gave you an insight into these recurring characters and how they came to be who they are. Indeed, the Gunmen got their own show, albeit only for a run of thirteen episodes (unlucky for them!). Other characters like Gibson Praise, The Alien Bountyhunter, Pusher, Tooms and Agent Harrison also recurred and were pleasant enough to watch whenever they were on screen. Old faithfuls, if you would.<br/><br/>I've become, from an indifferent beginning, a definite fan of the show. It was a shame to watch the final episode and think that it was over, but here's hoping they make a couple more movies. I think it's probably a foregone conclusion that they will, since the ending of the show was left wide open with unresolved issues. But maybe that's what was intended, that the ending be a non-happy one. Only time, and another movie (or series) will tell.<br/><br/>EDIT FOR SEASON 10: Well, this is a review I never thought I'd update! A new series picking up where it left off, though years later, of course. It is looking pretty good so far, though the pilot was a little odd. Ep 2 is an improvement and Ep 3 shows that the show can poke fun at itself. Ep 4 is the best so far. Here's hoping it continues to get better and better. Well I have been putting this off for a while because really I can't figure out how words can really express just how amazing of a show this is. I think I was 11 or 12 when the Pilot first aired. I didn't watch the show then because I was afraid of it after I saw episodes like "The Jersey Devil" and "Born Again" when they first aired, which is really funny because theses are some of the tamest episodes to me now. So unfortunately I wasn't quite ready or prepared for the X-Files during it's running. Later I remember watching TV one Saturday and there was a Chris Carter double feature. First "Jose Chung's From Outer Space" and then the Millennium episode "Jose Chung's Doomsday Defense". Both episodes had me in tears laughing at the dark humor.<br/><br/>I later found out that FX had an episode every night at 9 and so every night for an entire summer I got to watch an episode and I quickly became immersed in the mythology of the alien conspiracy. Some of the most memorable episodes for me from this period are "Bad Blood", "The Host", "Darkness Falls", "E.B.E", "Little Green Men", and countless others. I quickly became a fan but I had yet to see every episode and I avoided watching it new airings for fear of spoilers. So I began to buy the seasons on DVD. Over two years I was able to purchase and watch every episode. Interesting to me was the fact that I had already seen most of the episodes through syndication but there were many that I hadn't.<br/><br/>Anyway enough about my history with the show. The elements of the show that I think make it a great are simple. Likable characters, psychopathic bad guys, enough dark comedy mixed in with the horror and drama to give the viewer a healthy balance. The writer's of the show have a wonderful talent of leaving certain stories hanging only to the extent that does not make the viewer feel betrayed but wanting to watch more.<br/><br/>The X-Files defined an era of television and opened the way for other Sci-Fi related shows as well as helping define the crime drama shows that are all over the place now. If the 60's/70's gave us Trekkies for decades on, the 90's gave us the X-Files which will continue to create X-Philes for decades on in suit. According to my friends, I am not a true X-phile (don't ask why).  Oh well.<br/><br/>  The X-Files ranks as one of the most intelligent and brilliant shows on television.  It is a cinematic show, using techniques that are more associated with movies than the tv show (like the long unedited sequence in Triangle).  Admittedly it was once a better show than it is now, but most episodes are minor masterpieces.  But when it peaks, like with "Redux", "Triangle", and "One Son", it peaks like no other show has before.<br/><br/>  It is completely unclassifiable.  It is a mystery, a sci-fi, and sometimes self parody, and the show has several markedly sexual overtones (the cigarette smoking man).  The sexual tension is what probably has attracted the most people.  The byplay between Mulder and Scully is cool and reserved, yet you wonder exactly what there really thinking.<br/><br/>  It pays homage to old shows, and movies as well ("Duel in the Sun", "Rope").  This show doesn't always give you what you want.<br/><br/>  Though it has gotten more Hollywood-ish, it's a testament to the creators and writers that they haven't put Scully and Mulder together (will they or won't they?  Probably.  It is Hollywood, after all).<br/><br/>  This show is a thinking person's show.  Sometimes it does get slow, but it always remains interesting. The X-Files is one of the best shows ever. The show has great episodes dealing with something paranormal and/or conspiracy. The characters have a great chemistry, especially Mulder and Scully. It's not as good as it was a few years back, but it's still way above most shows on today. Many episodes have dealt with this alien conspiracy recently, but the neat thing about it is how not everything is explained, leaving the door open for further episodes. The X-Files is a very excellent show. Forget alcohol, this absolutely incredible show is quite possibly more addicting. The acting is to say the least amazing, and the characters are so real it's a bit spooky. The first fours seasons are the best, combing sci-fi, horror and reality drama into a most satisfying combination. I find the show fearlessness when showing gore is refreshing (no i do not have a gore fetish)and ability to back up the most wild theories is almost unimaginable. The scripts are so unbelievable, that you might laugh them off at first thought, but they draw you in making you want to believe. Most episodes in the first 5 seasons are phenomenal, though there are some duds, after all, nobody can have perfection. The chemistry shared between the two main characters, Mulder and Scully is at times choking, they seem so connected that you can help but momentarily forget, they aren't real. Splitting them up pretty much wrote the epitaph for the show, bringing them back together for the series finale did boost it ever so slightly. Even before I watched the show I knew half the catch phrases, Trust no one, the truth is out there, i want to believe and characters names, now what does that say? The show will forever be remembered hopefully when it was strongest, not toward then sad end it had. The writing, the acting, the production values, the continuity, the heart of The X Files all secure a reputation for this show as the best in its class. It has no peers. The story of two FBI agents working in a small office in the basement of the FBI to uncover, prove, disprove supernatural and unexplained phenomena and alien presence builds beautifully in the nine seasons the show existed. And having seen every episode in chronological order, they build with purpose, continuity, and innovation. Sure, there were set-backs when one actor didn't do most of a season, or another actress was pregnant, or whatever might have arisen, but the show's writers and creator - and make no mistake here that creator Chris Carter and his staff of writers/directors are the reason for this show being what it is - always met each and every set-back with a creative, engaging response. When Fox Mulder's character was gone for most of two seasons, they created two new characters that were every bit as solid as Mulder and Scully. Robert Patrick's Doggett and Anabeth Gish's Reyes were equally compelling characters. There are so many good things to say about this show. The two leads, David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, grew as characters and thespians before our very eyes. They honed their crafts and became stronger screen presences. These characters were characters that we learned to like and wanted to follow. Duchovny brought some much needed wry humour to an otherwise serious subject. He was able at one moment to convince you that the world was one big conspiracy and in the next moment comment on the lack of movement from a dead person with lighthearted appeal. Anderson softened each year, becoming less rigid and inflexible. The cast of supporting characters was always first-rate with Mitch Pillegi as Skinner and William Davis as the antagonistic Smoking Man never giving a bad performance. The three Lone Gunmen were excellent light diversions in bloody cases or cases involving alien invasion or what not. The first season will always be my favorite. Mulder and Scully are finding themselves as characters and the idea of conspiracy is all too real. Jerry Hardin plays Deep Throat, the man feeding Mulder news of government conspiracy, with strength and a true believability. But before I get too compartmentalized, The X Files was able to be two series in one - perhaps its greatest achievement. One the one hand, we had Mulder and Scully battling conspiracy, aliens looking to invade Earth, Mulder finding his sister that had been abducted by aliens, and other plot strands of a similar nature. But the show would also show totally unrelated episodes that were very scary and horrifyinfg. We saw worm men, killer insects, a man that sucked the fat out of his victims, cannibalistic cults, and the list goes on and on. I love the myth episodes, but these horror episodes are my favorites because they are so creative. I cannot remember how many times, having just watched and episode, saying how does someone think this stuff up? Whether The X Files is spoofing the Brady Bunch or alluding to Moby Dick or creating a homage to Frankenstein and movies of its ilk or just trying its best to scare you or disgust you(the episode Home - a favorite of mine), it is always true to itself in terms of the creativity that courses through its proverbial veins. Yes, sometimes, it is a bit full of itself, and, yes, sometimes, the creativity falls right down on its face(as when the show combined the X Files with Cops). But the show has far more, far more hits than misses. I think that as time goes by, this television show will be remembered for much more than what we remember it for today. I think it will be one of the all-time greats. The Truth is out there. "Every story needs a hero, our story has two...". This appears on the opening screen of one of my favourite music videos based on the X Files saga.<br/><br/>I agree!<br/><br/>I started watching the X Files when I was 10 (I am 17.5 at the moment). My first episode was Home and my mum was there when I saw it. BAD way to start my experience! She freaked a bit (make that a lot) and of course never let me see another episode. But, in December 2000, I got to the video club and guess what I found! X Files tapes! I was thrilled! I took and watched each one of them. Luckily the show was still on t.v. so I became an instant addict. I already knew the plot backbone, so it was easier for me to follow all the plot-twists. I came to love the Mulder-Scully dynamic but I must admit that all the dynamics were great. (May I remind Mulder-CSM or Mulder-Krycek, or Scully-Skinner, or Bill Scully-Mulder). As most fans, I was anxiously waiting for that kiss in the movie, but that #$%@ bee ruined it. But anyway, the kiss came in triangle (even if not "real") and the romance found its way. However, the reason for watching the show was never the "relationship". I think I watched the show, because simply, it was superb. The actors, the director, the writers, the visual effects, the creepy Mark Snow music, the innovative ideas, the "mutant of the week", the Morley cigarettes, the story itself and its implications. That is what I loved in this show and that is what made me an avid X-phile!<br/><br/>The X Files has become my personal addiction. If I am tired or need an energy boost, then I know that my tapes (71 of them!) always wait for me and the VCR is ready. When I press "play" my world is gone in an instant and the wonderful world of Mulder and Scully sneaks in and takes me completely.<br/><br/>Now that the show is over and I have seen every episode (except some of s9 -that I don't have the courage or the wish to see), I seek my X Files drug in collecting music videos, creating videos, downloading X stuff, playing the X Files games in Playstation (Resist or Serve was amazing!!!), reading lots of fan-fiction, watching the episodes (of course), and generally trying to compensate for what is lost. <br/><br/>I am looking forward to the next movie. I feel like I am in withdrawal and it isn't a nice feeling! I am amazed at myself for being so needy. Everyday I catch myself thinking about the show, the plot and its characters. And it is never enough. I wish I didn't need to sleep to keep doing this for as long as I can, until I get completely repelled by the idea itself. I honestly believe it, that until something happens and I hate the show, I will continue to adore it and treasure it to the extreme until the day I am gone. My love will never fade, if it has to end, then it will end abruptly. <br/><br/>Favourite episodes of all times, include all the Mytharc ones, and especially Duane Barry, Ascension and One Breath of s.2, Anasazi, Blessing Way and Paperclip of s.3, Tunguska and Terma of s.4, the Redux trilogy, the movie, Triangle and the Sixth Extinction trilogy.<br/><br/>The last episode had a non-happy end! I don't believe any of the X-Philes was truly surprised at that since no one expected closure. On the contrary everybody secretly wished for reasons to keep the show going. The Truth leaves untouched questions, answers some of the existing ones and creates more! A true X Files episode. As David Duchovny said once in an interview, "Mulder can never find happiness, he is a questing hero". After 9 years (12 now!)I am sure that this applies to Scully too and that we all want the heroic quest continued!<br/><br/>Nicole XXX The X-Files is one of the greatest shows ever made. The concept was original. The chemistry was amazing. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny make one of the best on-screen pairings of all time. Week after week, the X-Files consistently delivered solid, fantastic entertainment. They had a great team of writers who wrote such original and brilliant episodes as 'Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose' and 'Beyond The Sea'. Whether it was straight horror: Season 4's 'Home', horror mixed with humor: Season 5's 'Bad Blood', or just good old aliens: Season 2's 'Little Green Men' X-Files did it best. It lasted a long 9 seasons and inspired 1 movie so far, and I am devastated that I have no new X-Files to see. There have been many imitations since it ended but nothing will ever come close. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is a marginalized loner FBI agent stuck in the basement. He's been ostracized because he's a true believer in the paranormal. Dr Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) is a skeptic, a woman of science, and assigned to keep Mulder under control.<br/><br/>The X Files represents a breakout for the sci-fi genre. Its success gave it license to put on more paranormal shows treated as reasonable. It also became a benchmark by which these shows are measured. There are amazing episodes with some less so. The best is the chemistry between the two leads. It broke new ground with great writing from some future notable names. It lasted 9 seasons. It may have gone on too long but it was great while it lasted. THE single most intriguing, amazing, interesting, intense televisual experience anyone could ever hope for. I'm now the proud owner of the whole series & i can't help but feel that there were SO many other investigations they could've made. <br/><br/>I'm grateful towards Mr CARTER & the entire cast (both on & off camera) for making this such an amazing ride. <br/><br/>Hope they might come back some time, rather sooner than later of course.<br/><br/>Few have been as inspired as you were.<br/><br/>PS.: great & i do mean GREAT casting. David DUCHOVNY, Gillian ANDERSON, Mitch PILEGGI, Melinda McGRAW, Nicholas LEA, William B. DAVIS, Bruce HARWOOD, Dean HAGLUND, Tom BRAIDWOOD, ... They all gave life to & became the personae they were portraying. Oops, almost forgot Peter DONAT, Steven WILLIAMS & Jerry HARDIN. <br/><br/>This show became the standard against which i compared all following shows i've watched since & only 2-3 other shows ever came close. <br/><br/>Peace y'all. A true fan of your work. The x-files, a show you wanted to see the next episode straight away, the mystery "who, what is behind it all, why?". Now i am talking about the older seasons, not the latest seasons 10 and 11. They stopped, thus leaving a lot of fans with unanswered questions.<br/><br/>I thought the reboot was to give the fans those answers, working towards an ending of x-files, that fans deserve.
But seriously, after seeing season 10 and the 4th episode of season 11, do you think that is going to happen, i am not anymore. Really season 10 total garbage. First episodes of season 11 i thought yeah they are on the right path again woohoo. Now after seeing episode 4, i am so disappointed, what an insult to the great show it was.<br/><br/>If this is the path the writers are going to continue on, they shouldn't have restarted this show, let the show be for what it WAS, a excellent, one of kind, tv show of '90s The X-Files would have probably have been the single best sci-fi show ever created by Chris Carter and Fox. The show itself was very well made and had a good feel of jump-out horror, psychological horror and suspense horror. Which for a TV series is pretty good. The plot line itself was very well constructed. It would tell individual and bizarre stories but would have a bigger and more enticing plot that would reveal itself.<br/><br/>The characters have great chemistry together (Dana Scully and Fox Mulder). There is a perfect blend of cryptozoologists, rational-real-life people, control freaks, mysterious men and aliens. The show plays on such legends as Area 51, Lock Ness, Aliens, and Men in Black, abductions, freaks and more. The acting is solid, both on set and off set.<br/><br/>This movie would be ideal for those who believe that there is something out there and that the "Truth is out there." The X-Files is kind of like good wine or cheese in that it's aged rather well. The characters and the world they live in is frighteningly real, even as we hope it isn't, and the new series gives their world a dose of extra realism, cynicism, and mystery. Mulder and Sculley are just as you remember them and their scientist/skeptic meets true believer dynamic isn't old or tired. They've aged and matured and that's actually a good thing. <br/><br/>One cool thing is that they got as many of the original cast as possible. Every time one of them came on screen my inner 10 year old screamed in happiness. Skinner and yes, CSM are back because what would the X-Files be without them. There are a few new faces that you will definitely like.<br/><br/>The only thing I will say about episode 1 is this: Meta. As. Hell. I was cleaning out the spare room the other day when I came across a stack of magazines ( 'Starburst', 'T.V. Zone' and 'Dreamwatch', all defunct alas ) from the mid-90's. The show everyone was talking about then was 'The X Files'. It debuted on U.S. television in 1993, and two years later scored the highest ratings for Britain's B.B.C.-2 channel ( it was then promoted to B.B.C.-1 ). The country ( nay, the world ) went 'X Files' crazy. You could not pick up a paper, turn on the radio nor switch on the television without seeing or hearing it being mentioned. I went into W.H. Smiths once to buy 'Private Eye' and David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson were on the covers of practically every magazine ( including 'Yachting Monthly' if I'm not mistaken ). Books about the making of the show or tie-in fiction took up whole shelves. Even Jonathan Ross' wife Jane Goldman had one published. Each time something odd happened in the world, reporters mentioned that it was like 'something out of the X Files'. Why was it so popular? The '90's saw a boom in television sci-fi, with umpteen 'Star Trek' series, 'Farscape' and 'Quantum Leap' on air, but this only partly answers the question. The plain fact is that 'The X Files' was a very good show.<br/><br/>Created by Chris Carter, it told of the exploits of two F.B.I. agents - the enigmatic Fox Mulder ( Duchovny ) and the sceptical Dana Scully ( Anderson ) - whose job it is to investigate the unexplained, from alien abductions to mutants living down sewers. Mulder is obsessed with the idea that there is life on other planets ( he believes his sister was kidnapped by aliens ). The U.S. government, rather than be portrayed as the good guys, was depicted as being behind a major cover-up, hence the show's famous catchphrase 'The Truth Is Out There'. It owed a great debt to 'Kolchak: The Night Stalker' which starred Darren McGavin ( as roving news man 'Carl Kolchak' ) and ran for one season in 1974/75. Carter openly acknowledged this. But there was more to 'Files' than just aliens and other assorted grotesques. The relationship between Mulder and Scully had viewers fascinated; it was coldly formal, yet the possibility existed they might throw self-control to the wind and leap into bed. It was one one of the first shows to benefit from the then-new Internet as viewers could watch episodes and then debate them online. Anderson and Duchovny became sci-fi sex symbols, Mark Snow's catchy theme tune even made the British pop charts. An amusing sketch on 'Spitting Image' had Mulder and Scully confronted by the cast of the 'Scooby Doo' cartoon series, enraged at the blatant theft of their show's format. <br/><br/>The stylishly directed show was both critically and commercially acclaimed, winning awards by the score for its writing and acting. Imitations came out of the woodwork - 'Poltergeist: The Legacy', 'Strange Luck', 'Dark Skies', and a retread of 'The Outer Limits'. But over time, viewers grew weary with the show's refusal to provide answers to the enigmas posed, and to make matters worse, Duchovny's involvement decreased to the point where he left eventually to be replaced by Robert Patrick ( from 'Terminator 2: Judgement Day' ). I cannot recall at which point I stopped watching. It could have Season 6. The show had run out of puff, and with Duchovny gone there seemed no point in tuning in anymore. The final blow for the show came with 9/11. Nobody wanted to watch a programme about government conspiracies in the aftermath of the horrific tragedy, and its ninth season a year later was to be its last. Two movies - 'The X Files' ( 1998 ) and 'The X Files: I Want To Believe' ( 2008 ) were made, but as the latter was a flop, it is unlikely we will see more. Mulder's sister will have to stay with the little green men.<br/><br/>It is strange to think that a show so loved at the time could go on to be virtually forgotten now. I'm inclined to think it would have benefited from being cancelled a lot sooner. It is a reverse situation from 'Dark Skies' which suffered from having too few episodes! These days, Britain's main television obsession is 'The X Factor', a bizarre situation itself worthy of a Mulder and Scully investigation ( could Simon Cowell be an alien? ). It's an intelligent masterpiece, an epos of beautifully complicated scenarios, plots and characters. Eruditely taking on the grayest of areas, confronting those things under your bed and inside your closet thus bringing new meaning to the fears brought on by conventions and the imprudent obstinacy of social norms. The script, the actors and the direction make the most unbelievable seem believable and the unfathomable- unfathomably real. So thought provoking that if you really let yourself dwell in its essence, it can change the way you see the world, if only just by believing in the conviction that The Truth Is Out There. As a young child, my parents let me watch almost anything that they watched on TV. This included The X Files. I was always excited to see it come on TV. Later in my childhood, I decided to revisit The X Files. There my family was, watching all of the episodes... some my parents had seen and some they had not. I grew up laughing, loving, and many times questioning the truth with The X Files. (My friend and I had a little crush on Mulder when we were about 7 or 8. xD) I spent countless nights watching my favorite episodes... and I still do. Now we have so many inside jokes, along with family memories, all thanks to The X Files. These days it even provides an easy way for our family to spend time together without me getting tired of my parents. The X Files continues to excite me every day. I love this show and I am grateful for all of the childhood memories it provided and still provides each day. ♥ I have watched this show religiously since the first episode began in September of 1993 and I have never been disappointed. The writing, the great cast (notably Gillian Anderson and Mitch Pileggi), the great plots and the great everything else have made me enjoy myself for the last 9 years. Even when David Duchovny decided to take his leave from the show, Chris Carter knew what to do in employing the talent of such stars as Robert Patrick & Annabeth Gish. This show has continued to amaze the world and I'm sure it will until it's final episode in May 2002. I would like to thank Chris Carter and the whole X-Files team for giving me 9 years of enjoyment on  Sunday nights. It's been one heck of a show, and I'm sure that it will always be remembered. Farewell to a great series. I actually watched the episode before taking the time to write a review about it. Too many people wanted to be first to write the reviews to the returned series, and have managed to get away with it by providing a review with the most generic information possible, so much so that it becomes glaring clear they never actually say the first episode. I suppose you can't blame someone for wanting to be a part of the return to greatness!<br/><br/>I did watch the first episode, and it truly has been done correct! I figured that X-Files season 10 was either going to be 'boom or bust' endeavour. Lucky for us they really did right by it by bringing back all of the old regulars, bringing in some new talent that looks respectable, and changing the theme completely! It's no longer about the aliens vs. The human race. Instead Chris Carter has humans using alien technology as the root of all evil, the corporations behind them and the evil agenda's they are pushing!<br/><br/>9/11 was just the beginning according to an older, wiser Mulder. These evil cabals led by the Smoking Man are using ufo's, nanotechnology and sub-orbital UAV technology to track Americans everywhere and anywhere. Without spoiling the main story, which by the way tracks as far back as to Roswell, and as recently as 9/11.<br/><br/>There is a real tension that plays heavy to the U.S. conspiracy, even more than before! If episode 2 which airs tomorrow evening is as good or better than this, then we are in for a rare nostalgic treat! That's what a feel like when I am watch this show: A Nostalgic Treat.<br/><br/>Enjoy! I¡¯m a chinese.In China this TV-series is not very famous, because we were lack of up-to-date information when TXF became popular I¡¯m sorry to say I did¡¯t know its existence until january 1,2004 and I have missed a good time. TXF is very different from those series in China.But I like it.I¡¯m absorbed in it.Fascinated by the idea,the plotline ,the talent of the playwright, DD and so on..Some of the story are full of imagination, and some are close to the ordinary life and to the society. I mean,they reflect the worry of people and the problems in the society. I don¡¯t know whether you, westerners,are tired of vampires,ghost boats or not, but I would say that in our eyes these things are chaming and mysterious. Last,I think Mulder is a wonderful man.He isn¡¯t a hero like superman,but a true man. You can say that he is great,somehow, I¡¯d rather to say he¡¯s clinging. The disapprence of his sister is only made him investigate,but later why he continues ,I think,is a belief that he should search for the true. However,He sacrifices a lot.I remember once he returned home after visiting Scully in hospital,seeing his room messed by the Amy, he cryed!!!I was really touched. Though TXF has come to its end,I think there is no terminus for this story.<br/><br/>PS:Why does Mulder always stick ¡°X¡± on the window?Looks cool,but why? I used to love the X-Files. It was my favorite TV shows of the 90s and I enjoyed all the seasons, with the exception of S9 which was complete and utter garbage. I still think it's one of the best TV shows ever, so when I first heard of the upcoming 6 episode mini series, I was naturally excited.<br/><br/>Once the familiar intro music played and we immediately get to aliens and UFO action scenes, for a moment, I felt a great feeling of nostalgia. It was like seeing an old friend again that you haven't seen for years. Still, it was immediately familiar and interesting again. <br/><br/>But then, all of a sudden, everything changed halfway during the first episode. Mulder goes from believing to disbelieving almost instantly, by some words of some new guy and starts rambling about various seemingly uncorrelated things, creating conspiracies as he Goes along or so it seems. Total chaotic nonsense it seemed to me. In half a episode, all his believes of the past 9 seasons are gone, seemingly overnight. Really? Then it all becomes even more unbelievable by the re-opening of the X-Files for no apparent reason. Mulder, who doesn't seem to have done any paid work is hired again as a FBI agent and Scully, who seemed happy in her current job as a doctor, let's it all go away to go back to the X-files without a doubt. Very unbelievable. Who would hire anyone with a 15 year old gap in their resumé for a department without a budget. What a crap.<br/><br/>After that, it all quickly deteriorates even further. I won't go into all the details, but it's smooth ride downhill from here for the next 5 episodes. It makes that X-file movie turd from 2008 seem like the good old days. Seriously, what where they thinking. Chris Carter must have some seriously money issues or lack of ideas for pushing this crap forward. They should not have brought it back with this lack of quality. Hopefully, they will not release another season after this. I am sure I'll not be watching If they do, to preserve my fond memories of what this show used to be. Shame on you Carter. In all my years of watching television,i have to say that the x-files to me has to be the most controversial and well made series in history.Chris Carter who gave the idea that the governments keep secrets or too many secrets away from the public,only gives the people the absolute power to say....I do believe.David duchovny and Gillian Anderson,is the best duo on TV bar none.And yet the supporting cast throughout the seasons gave us the spectacle of comradery in the toughest situations each agent had to endure.Especially the odd three known as the lone gunman.Aliens,specters,or freaks of nature or government conspiracies could not hide well enough,and this television show brought us more imagination to our lives than anything else being watched.Hopefully there will be a second movie which i hear is in the works to 2008.Hopefully the legal battles are done by then with David and carter.It was so sad to see them feud like this all because one wanted to move to L.A.,still other than that we are going to see a wonderful film to give us dreamers and aliens another chance to maybe see a next series kick-off with the new generation dynamic duo.Hats off to David and Gillian,and also carter.Fantastic wonder you gave us all. This show is a very brilliant. Every episode had a story that would grab my attention and keep it till the very end. When I was very young I used to be scared to even watch an episode, but now I have all the seasons on DVD and watch them frequently. Each episode left a mark on me that now I can repeat the season, episode number and title with just a brief summary of what happened in that episode. Fox Mulder, Alex Krycek, and Cigarrete Smoking Man are my favorite characters.<br/><br/>*Spoiler* Only thing I can criticize is when David Duchovny leaves and Robert Patrick takes his place. His character irritated me and for a "non-believer" he sure handled the situations well. I nearly cried on the last episode when a missile was shot into the tunnel where Cigarrete Smoking Man was. I never watched the x-files when it was on. But after watching "So Weird" and being addicted to "Psi Factor: Chronicls of the Paranormal" I decided to check it out. It's a good show. Very freaky with excellent paranormal stories involving ferocious creatures and is pretty unpreditable. Gillian Anderson is great as Scully and I thought she was also great as Moro the wolf goddess from Princess Mononoke. The rest of the acting is good too. They show reruns alot and I will be addicted to it. I didn't become a fan of Psi:Factor or MST3K until I saw reruns but I had never even heard of them before I saw them. Bottom Line: This is the best paranormal show ever, well this and Psi Factor are tied. I am truly sad for David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson. It must be difficult for them to watch Season 10 of the X-Files. Both are very talented and since the original series ended, their careers have flourished along with their talent. They must have had high hopes for the "new" X-Files as their fans did as well. Why else would they bother? They certainly didn't need to kick a dead horse. But kicked it they did! Unfortunately, I am astonished at how bad the writing is for this new season (10). I blush as they struggle to deliver this dialogue and material. How does this happen? They had a "hit" TV show delivered on a silver platter, fan base included! But what....they couldn't afford any decent writers? I'm baffled.<br/><br/>The first episode was a little stiff and the dialogue was not quite right for these two characters. They attempt to introduce facts or information by leading statements that are really fake and not the way anyone would talk, never mind these intellectual characters. It's almost insulting. I hoped that the second episode would be better, and I excused the issues as growing pains. Then I found myself laughing (more from embarrassment than humor)at the second episode. It seems to spiral down very quickly. The premises is ridiculous, the dialogue is that of a really bad B horror film.<br/><br/>I am not surprised there will only be 6 episodes. Not sure what went wrong with this project but it truly is...well, embarrassing. My sincere condolences to David and Gillian. To drop the ball with idiotic scriptwriters for the new seasons!
I hope they fire them and fire them again and again and again, they should never have written these new episodes, they are a joke, fulfilling nothing of what X-Files used to be. <br/><br/>They are only making fun of the show and not in a good way.
I want to like it so much but i cant, they F-up. I used to love the X-Files. This reboot not only asks of the viewer to disregard everything that was "learned" the first 9 seasons of the show while at the same time characterizing anything and anyone with a right of center perspective as being a complete, ignorant, hate- mongering buffoon. The politically correct bias is so in your face militant that I can no longer watch it without feeling like I'm being vomited on. Goodbye X-Files!<br/><br/>Nothing left to say so I'll just repeat to get minimum 10 lines of text.<br/><br/>Nothing left to say so I'll just repeat to get minimum 10 lines of text.<br/><br/>Nothing left to say so I'll just repeat to get minimum 10 lines of text. This revival is not the X-Files, it is something else masquerading as if it were. Done after four episodes. Scully says to Mulder "You want to believe, you so badly want to believe". Mulder responds "I do believe". This simple exchange between Mulder and Scully re-ignites that age old question..."Is their life on other planets and are there actual alien abductions of humans?" It was this intense exchange between the two main characters that draws you right back in to the success of the original 1993 ground breaking Science Fiction series. Are we witnessing a bigger conspiracy than the Manhattan project? What was the outcome of the Manhattan project? Was this the cause of the initial entry of aliens to earth that the government kept secret for the past 70 years?<br/><br/>There is so much information that Mulder and Scully are provided by the new rich guy Tad O'Malley (played by Joel McHale) that we the audience may start to believe that our own government is the biggest conspirator of hidden agendas and that the government would actually blame the cataclysmic outcome on our neighboring nations that would result in World War III. Or worse is there a global warming theory that has the elitist heading to another planet as the world is destroyed? I just loved that the great character actor Rance Howard was provided a part in the pilot episode as he divulges critical information to Mulder.<br/><br/>It is a great start for the re-boot. Too bad it will be limited to only 6 episodes. The not so new X Files is a stale tale badly retold. <br/><br/>This series would appear to be a toe in the water exercise for Fox. I believe its a mini series and maybe the execs are hoping to reinvigorate the once popular show? <br/><br/>If I'm anything to go by they may be out of luck. The no so new X-Files is a depressing rehash in every sense. The storyline a rather dull retread of the original ideas found in the show, with a rather bland twist. The key actors look throughly jaded and their characterizations are, to say the least, odd.<br/><br/>Jillian Anderson's, Dana Scully is an assistant doctor who helps create ears for children, whilst David Duchovney's, Fox Mulder appears to be a reclusive, unshaven, conspiracy has been. The latter character, in particular, is a metaphor for how tired the ideas behind this series have become.<br/><br/>For myself I'd rather remember the X Files for the enjoyable, highly original series it once was and in my opinion so should Fox Network. Three out of ten from me. The best thing about the reboot of this series is if you didn't previously follow or watch the beginning you can still get so much from the characters and story line this time around. Chris Carter did a masterful job of the pilot. The characters, filming and plot of this show are second to none. Nothing was spared it bringing this series back. I'm not a huge sci-fi fan, but always enjoy the idea of this show. Most of the original cast is back and the cinematography of the series is excellent. Not a lot of cheesy CGI. The production budge must be very good for this series. I'm glad they waited to do it justice and didn't bring it back too soon. Duchovny and Anderson are brilliant in their returning roles. Better with age. It's very believable. That said, if you didn't watch the X-Files the first time around, please spend a few weekends and Netflix it. You will believe! I grew up with the x-files before the proliferation of the internet and the massive expansion of conspiracy culture online. The original series (first 9) was great, in part because it had the feeling of a cult show. It referenced and acknowledged it's influences... The Outer Limits, The Twilight Zone, Twin Peaks etc and the direction style was in keeping with that. It gave tantalizing glimpses into the black budget world of the deep state and covered genuine conspiracies as well as flights of philosophical fancy. At times there were some comic moments/episodes but it was for the most part a subtle and dry humour. Conspiracies were presented with the necessary gravitas to draw the viewer in, creating dramatic tension and encouraging investment in the story line.<br/><br/>The new episodes however (seasons 10 and 11) are just bad. They make a mockery of everything that has come before. Story lines that have built incrementally over years are reduced to 30 seconds of pure voice over exposition, laying it all out without any imagination or commitment required by the viewer. Smoking man is in a full frontal position exposing the character to the point of doing away with all the mystery surrounding him, (That was the appeal) so much so that he can no longer be feared or even taken seriously. Mulder behaves in ways that the original Mulder never would, mocking out of the ordinary situations when it should be him that goes out on a limb and ends up being proven right. OK so he's older and more cynical but what is the point of Mulder or even making more episodes if Mulder has lost the need to find out the truth. It's the whole basis of his character. The pretty much continuous attempts at comedy are jarring and vanquish any air of mystery, intrigue or tension that the old show had. I accept that some subjects can and should be approached from a more lighthearted angle but these new episodes feel as if they are just trying to mock the conspiracy research culture it helped to awaken. Then there's the blatant propaganda. This is a Sci-Fi show not a platform for anti Trump propaganda. Chris Carter, please get David Nutter back to Direct and stop taking the piss out of your own creation. It is dear to many people. ;) After the last movie, I swore I was done with this series. However, my curiosity got the best of me, and I watched last night. I really wished I hadn't.<br/><br/>Horrible-is really the only word I can use to describe this mess. I was bored too tears after 20 minutes. David and Gillian seemed to have phoned in their performances, which is such a shame. I've seen them in other series and they are both terrific actors.<br/><br/>Sorry Chris Carter, but having your characters repeat old slogans and long drawn out periods of expositions does not constitute a script.<br/><br/>I will not be watching further episodes. So there I am, your humble reviewer, painfully forcing myself to watch Heroes Reborn and thinking how can anyone from the money side sign off on this junk, and I am writing IMDb reviews of Heroes Reborn and saying OMG this is awful for the lova Pete go buy a DVD of the original and loyal fans of Heroes Reborn, all 7 of them, are not only whacking the NOT USEFUL key but actually contacting me via the IMDb message board to tell it is time to hang up my reviewer spurs...<br/><br/>.... and then I hear that Heroes Reborn has not been renewed because even its own fans hated it and I think maybe my reviewing skills are not that far off and then I hear about the X-Files reboot and I try it with great fear NOT because I am afraid of aliens or the Truth but because I do not think I can handle another bad reboot ...<br/><br/>... and then I am watching and I think Yes Yes that is how you do a reboot you work from strength and then augment that strength, and I know that I am hooked from halfway into the first episode and my brain is pumping endorphins and I love the way they incorporated modern conspiracies and I liked the way they used McHale from The Soup and I am having this incredible stream of consciousness but I am not actually typing anything and I have no idea how my thoughts are being recorded by the IMDb.. I can't understand the high rating this show is receiving. That was one large pile of alien excrement. It stunk and was a chore to watch. With how much anticipation this show generated, I was honestly shocked that FOX would release such a poorly written, stupidly rushed, and embarrassingly bad acted show. There was very very little going for this show - probably about a 2 or 3 rating. But because of the material and financial support this show has, I held it to an even higher standard. Thus, a single, lonely star for a a singularly poor episode. <br/><br/>I predict that this show rating will slowly but continuously decline as more people watch without blinders. It was historically bad. I will say that I understand the challenge the show had - how to pay honor to the past while setting the stage for the future. That is the one thing this show did semi-well, at least in that they did set the stage for whatever mystery/drama/setting they will explore this season. But I promise, I have zero interest in seeing where it will go and will not waste another hour watching. Well, after the reviews my expectations were pretty low. Maybe because of that I did enjoy it, despite not thinking it was actually a GOOD episode of television.<br/><br/>Does anyone else need a brief summary of the mythology arc of this episode? So much exposition, so much explanation, so so fast. Pretty much in standard with how the show always treated its mytharc, but this episode really went by it very fast, very rushed. It was a mess, pretty much in line with the mytharc of the show's last half. Still, I sort of enjoyed it? I definitely agree that the writing at times was so bad and so ridiculous, and the acting a bit awkward. Anderson I do think elevated the material, definitely more than Duchovny (so, the usual. Although as weak as he had always been in the dramatic aspects of the show, he always came across energetically and charismatically. Here, he had none of that)<br/><br/>But to be honest... this show is one of my favorite of all time, but it's also the most consistently INCONSISTENT show that i've ever loved. When it was good, it was all-time great... but when it was bad, Jesus. This episode just came across as one of the really flawed, but not outright dull or awful, mytharc episodes in the middle of the series. As reviews stated, seems like it will improve from here so that's all I'm hoping for. <br/><br/>But again... a recap of the mytharc please? Did they seriously just undo everything the show had done in its last half of its run? I'm 14 and I started watching X files because my parents recommended it. I recently finished all 9 seasons and it was easily one of the most amazing TV show journeys I have ever experienced. Over the 4 months I spent watching it I became an x files nerd and took a fascination in conspiracy theories. If you like a shadowy plot line about UFO cover ups and aliens then this is the show for you. The first 7 seasons of the show are absolutely terrific. Seasons 8 and 9 are the only thing that keeps me from giving the show a ten because during these seasons the story falls apart. Not to mention the main character Fox Mulder makes little to no appearances and his wonderful partner Scully looks like she has just completely given up on the show. In the first 7 seasons this on screen duo worked so well together as our protagonists that it had me watching the show just to see them talk to each other. But if you are going to watch seasons 1-7 you kind of have to just finish it up. The whole show is not one big story though. Most of it is the Monster of the Week episodes which are separate cases that don't involve the storyline. Most were great, some were amazing, and some were just awful. But every show has bad episodes. Most kids my age are not watching x files but I love to be a nerd about it. This show should be watched by everyone who wants a good story and an extraordinary science fiction thriller I had never been a fan of sci-fi, quite frankly I can say I didn't really care about sci-fi.. To this day I still struggle to remember which is Star Wars and which is Star Trek...<br/><br/>But despite that, The X-Files got me hooked since the very first airing of the Pilot episode almost two decades ago.<br/><br/>It just had it all: monsters, mystery, murders and an interesting UFO/conspiracy plot that didn't really take over the whole show until the final seasons.<br/><br/>The X-Files could be enjoyed both as a series of unrelated cases of mysterious events, or as a coherent story about a government conspiracy about aliens.<br/><br/>Either way, it was always a nice experience and the count of disappointing episodes is remarkably low for a show that ran for nine years.<br/><br/>Mulder and Scully (played masterfully by Duchovny and Anderson) were an interesting take on the traditional "odd couple". They were dedicated but not pedant (besides Mulder's rants about the conspiracy, but that was part of his weird charm) and always managed to be witty enough not to become too perfect, but without becoming zany either.<br/><br/>We slowly got to know Mulder and Scully's back-story and personality, and it was easy feeling connected with them. Their personal past was much part of the story without invading it and turning it into a boring and trite soap-operaish drama. A real rarity for most shows, especially nowadays, where the characters are either driven and dedicated iron men or squeamish teen-like wimps, more focused on their private life than on their job.<br/><br/>Thankfully we were spared a full-fledged romantic liaison between Mulder and Scully, despite some hints of something being there in later seasons. Not every show on Earth needs romance, much less a show like X-Files with two rather "asexual" characters like Mulder and Scully.<br/><br/>The rest of the cast was very solid and the characters worked very well with the two main stars and with the plots.<br/><br/>It's really difficult finding flaws in a show of that caliber, but just for the sake of nitpicking, I have to say the final seasons, when the alien/government conspiracy plot became the main focus of the show, were a little bit over the top in terms of twists and swerves.<br/><br/>But all in all it's a forgivable sin, considering the overall quality of the series and the fact it would have been impossible ending the show without putting more emphasis on the main theme of the whole story and trying to give it some sort of closure.<br/><br/>The X-Files was a landmark in the history of sci-fi and of television. Not only the best TV serial of the 90s, but probably one of the best serials in the history of TV. The x-files is the greatest show ever. If you are not sure of it, look at how many comments on it in this site. Even the people who doesn't like it has commented on it. Some are talking about the greatness of the first few seasons and how bad the last seasons are. True, Mulders disappearance and moving the show to L.A. did something bad to the series. But still it was a great season. While some of the earlier fans deserted it, new fans gathered around it. Throughout those nine years it has been incredible. People who doesn't like the show also comment about it. No other show in this site has been subjected to that. Everybody knows about the show and they feel they have to do something about it whether they like it or not. That's why it's the greatest show ever I am giving it a 1/10 in an attempt to offset the number of perfect 10's, which if having seen the episodes, makes one wonder if there are shills at play. Maybe I'd give it a 2 otherwise. Read the other negative reviews and you will get a much more accurate picture of the reboot.<br/><br/>2cents: it is as if no one from the original series took this reboot seriously, as in trying to actually deliver on good TV, and this is especially true of CC... The writing is horrible, as is the directing, and the only main character that kind of tried (scully) was hobbled by the writing and directing. You would look into mulder's eye and basically see a smirk reflecting back at you, and mchale didn't even really try to hide it... He was actually smirking, and my guess is laughing to himself about the horrible dialogue he was forced into saying. Mchale was a gimmick anyway (like the product placement cuts), and is just an example of the series not taking things seriously. It felt more like a community parody where ahbed was going to pop out as cheesy fx'd alien. It was so bad in this regard, that i was left w a face of disgust while watching, wanting to change the channel multiple times, yet forcing myself to just get through it, apparently as a misplaced sense of fan loyalty. Others have commented that as a true fan that watched it all during live airing, one is left w feeling of being personally attacked (somehow),and leaving us almost angry at CC directly. Really, in all honesty, so far, the whole thing has been a horrible experience. Just awful TV... Everything that is wrong w modern network broadcasting. Just horrible.<br/><br/>An aside... Use this opportunity to notice the positive professional reviews... You can really pick out the knuckleheads. Soooo disappointed. The X-Files is a benchmark in television. Any and every fictitious television series after '95 took some focus element from this show, big or small, from the format to the style, to the execution. But, that's not what made it great. It was that strange blend of a cop drama mixed with science fiction, horror and thrillers across what could be considered a wild epic of sorts, even with that horrid 9th season. Now, after a 14 year gap, The X-Files is back. What does that mean?<br/><br/>I'm a die-hard X-Files fan. I've been watching it since i was born, and while it isn't the best show of all time, it's one of them. With this pseudo-"revival" series, though, I couldn't help but think, what was Chris Carter thinking? The very first episode of this 6 episode event (if they stick with the story) made the entire 9 season, 2 movie series completely pointless. I've seen horrible writing and direction, and it's not that the episode "My Struggle" was poorly directed and written, but it's the fact that they took an entire series and said, "Let's make it so that the show millions watched, was meaningless. Retcon everything but the characters." Wow. Just, wow. As happy as I was seeing the gang back, I couldn't stop feeling angry and disappointed on a multitude of levels. Also, to address the people calling Duchovny's acting wooden, it was perfect (the guy was isolated from people, living in a rural locale away from general civilization; he's gonna come off as a bit distant). The second episode was slightly better than the first, but they're still with that plot device of pointlessness.<br/><br/>Unless they can pull off the impossible and have something Earth- shattering with the finale, I see this mini-series event as the biggest disgrace in television history. Thanks Chris Carter, for truly ruining your classic series. The show isn't for everyone, but anyone can see how horrible of a move that was to make, even if they wanted to appeal to a new generation (do something original then, dammit). I fought through season 10 and thought it cant be that bad. It was. I gave up in season 11 episode 2. Complete nonsense, this is how you ruin one of the best series ever. This new direction the show has taken these last two seasons is not doing it for me. What happened to the X-Files we grew to love? Folks, I have seen almost every Sci-Fi television series and movie that has been made and this is truly the finest I have ever seen. No other series had the consistency. No other plot had such perfect character and story balance. No other series made me so dedicated. There is no other modern TV Sci-Fi series that can match the quality of X-Files. Don't judge the series by one episode or just the Movie, this is a fine body of work! The character story is perfectly intertwined with The Story. I have introduced many people to this series and none have been disappointed. I loved the "conspiracy" that bound this story together. Mulder and Scully's relationship grew seamlessly over many years. In the end, I Believed. Fox's character was matched by Smoking Man's and I saw balance between truth and perception. The cinematography was dark but great. The series couldn't go on forever but I always wished for more episodes that matched what I saw in seasons 2 and 3. In the end I loved the story and the characters. I felt one couldn't live without the other. *** Spoilers *** Less than 10 minutes in, Mulder says "No, I only want to believe. Actual proof has been strangely hard to come by".<br/><br/>What the heck is this? After all that Mulder has seen with his own eyes and experienced himself, how can he not be an absolute firm believer at this point?? This goes for Scully too. After all she's been through how could she have any doubt? All the denial at this point is absolutely bs.<br/><br/>X-Files (when it was good) was my favorite show of all time. And I want to like this reboot so badly but it was pretty bad. But there's just many things wrong with it that it's disappointing.<br/><br/><ul><li>pace is wrong (too much being crammed too soon). Arguably, one of the hallmarks of classic X-Files was the pace of the show. Slow, methodical revelations. However, this first reboot episode felt like a contrived effort to cram in as much classic X-Files touchstones as possible (historical alien flashbacks, alien abductee, comical military hit-and-run on 'secret' facility, conspiracy and paranoia explanation meeting, clandestine meeting with mysterious military doctor who purports to know everything but teases Mulder, ransacking of Mulder's office, smoking man cameo, etc.) and therefore making this episode tasteless. Heck, why stop there? Should have thrown in sprinkle of Lone Gunmen, a dash of Krycek, and a smidgen of the colonist dude lurking in the shadows for good measure.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Gillian Anderson, I'm sorry to say this, but your portrayal of Scully is off. Scully's assertiveness is not there. The intimacy and familiarity (with Mulder) is gone. And the words are just not coming out like it should.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>conspiracy to take over America first, then the world? At any cost? Really? You couldn't come up with anything better than this? 9/11, big brother initiatives, weather weaponization/manipulation, hoarding of alien technology, food conglomerate control, zero-ing of bank accounts, militarization of law enforcement, and the best of all -- benevolent aliens concerned for mankind and it's path of self-destruction. Really? Really??? Can't come up with anything else more original that you have to follow the full-blown typical sensational paranoia? I give the actors credit for not bursting out in laughter in that paranoia meeting.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Chris Carter, remember this please: LESS is MORE.</li></ul> Season 10 of the x files was bad<br/><br/>the plot lines sucked, especially the finale where the world is ending- utter garbage. How the hell did anyone think of something that stupid? And the acting isn't even that good. <br/><br/>the villains sucked- the Bandaid nose man was more funny than creepy, the first two episodes were OK, and the comedy werewolf episode was horrid. <br/><br/>I am so disappointed by everything here, even the special effects were bad. <br/><br/>1/10. <br/><br/>GARBAGE What was that? No seriously what the actual? Is this X-Files or effing Star Trek? Five minutes into the first episode and we already get to see CG spaceships crashing and aliens getting shot at.<br/><br/>This is X-Files dumbed down to today's notion of hyper-active nonstop action entertainment, where a minute cannot pass without something blowing up or someone getting shot at, otherwise the average American viewer might fall asleep. X-Files used to be all about the mystery, involvement of extraterrestrials was always implied, but it was done intelligently and had to be deduced. But the creators of this thing apparently were afraid that their audience aren't smart enough to understand subtleties, so they had to make scenes explaining every single thing with CG and explosions, leaving no room for mystery or imagination. <br/><br/>They removed a huge layer of the mystery which is wondering whether there's a conspiracy or Mulder is just going crazy. Nope, they cleared that part right away by showing us the Aliens and their spaceships so we wouldn't have to worry about that. Now all we have to worry about is whether Mulder can prove that aliens exist.<br/><br/>And what happened to Scully? She used to be all skeptical and scientific, now she just has PTSD and is totally aboard with Mulder's conspiracies, she doesn't even bother providing an alternative explanation to events, so instead of Mulder and Scully, we just get another Mulder only this one is female. Once in a while a character comes along who knocks away the cobwebs and compels you to keep the lights on when you go to bed at night. If you've never seen the episodes of The X-Files which feature a certain Eugene Tooms, all I can do is promise you you're in for a treat.<br/><br/>The actor in the role is Doug Hutchison and he plays an absolute blinder. To call him scary would be rather like saying Groucho Marx was good at telling jokes - it states the obvious.<br/><br/>He pops up in two episodes that I know of, and in each one he lingers long in the memory. It may be the eyes, or the rather understated way he has of speaking, but Hutchison fills his portrayal with an unnerving authenticity. As I watched the second episode I got to thinking about Tooms and his past; what made him so sinister; what was his upbringing; what sleights did he suffer to make him so thoroughly malevolent. Then you realise you're asking all this about a fictional character, and you start to realise just how good the actor is to suck you into a world which doesn't in fact exist.<br/><br/>Or doesn't it? We are, after all, talking about The X-Files. After 20 years this is still one of the best shows I've seen in my life. Nothing can compare to it. This show has everything; comedy, drama, action, horror/sci-fi, thriller, and even a bit of romance. That's why this show is so special, because even now they can still make new episodes if they wanted to. Fans are still demanding a third movie for obvious reasons. Hands down a must-see for those who haven't watched it yet. It should also be noted that in a recent X-Files Reunion (20th Anniversary) featuring David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, as well as the series' creator Chris Carter, that they wouldn't mind doing a third movie again, especially after seeing all the fans that showed up for it! So here's to hoping for that. In the mean time enjoy the ride of 9 seasons of epicness that will forever be a part of you. :) What can i say other then this, the x files was and is a truly remarkable series from the first episode of season 1 to the very last episode in season 9. Having completed my DVD collection and having just finished watching every single minute of every single episode I believe 201 in total i'm left sadend that they stop at season 9, But all good things come to an end and the X FILES will live on in my house when ever I need cheering up or fancy a bit of Mulder and Skully I can simply put on one of my DVDs. Here is hoping the brilliant Chris Carter does get this problem with 20th century fox sorted out and he does indeed make another X FILES movie the fans demand it. I had watched The X-Files since it premiered here in the UK and from the first episode I was hooked by its fantastic storylines, special effects, and the acting talents of David Duchovny (Fox Mulder) and Gillian Anderson (Dana Scully).  The chemistry between their characters was pure electric and, at least for me, drove the show on.  The continuing story of government conspiracies and colonisation was interesting but, on occasions, not very clear and stayed that way right until the end questions were answered in series finale "The Truth" but just led to more questions.  The first three seasons were pure gold in their story telling.  And then came Season 4.<br/><br/>James Wong and Glen Morgan were my heroes of the 4th year with their 'recycling' of actors from their VERY poor and, thankfully, short lived series - Space: Above and Beyond.  Their 4th season stories weren't up to the standard of the first three seasons.  A prime example of this is `Never Again' guest starring wooden actor Rodney Rowland and his talking tattoo voiced by Silence of the Lambs actress Jodie Foster (waste of her talent). But, to be fair, I REALLY enjoyed "Musings Of A Cigarette-Smoking Man" which was well written, well directed, and well acted.<br/><br/>Season 7 should have been the end but they ended it on a cliff-hanger with Mulder abducted and Scully pregnant and promising to find him.  I didn't really want to watch Season 8 knowing that Mulder would be missing and being replaced by Terminator 2's Robert Patrick as John Doggett.  Why the production staff insisted that Patrick/Doggett wasn't a replacement is a mystery to me because he was and failed.  I think it was Duchovny's absence from the series that lost the ratings.  Now I have nothing against Robert Patrick, in fact I think he's a great actor, but I just couldn't take to him at all in Season 8.<br/><br/>Throughout S8 I resented the fact that it was him at Anderson/Scully's side rather than Duchovny/Mulder and missed the aforementioned chemistry.  I think after 7 Seasons of Mulder and Scully I just couldn't get used to Scully and Doggett.  But by Season 9 I had warmed up to him because he was now partnered with Annabeth Gish as Monica Reyes who was a great breath of fresh air.  I would have rather have had Gish/Reyes partnered with Anderson/Scully in Season 8.<br/><br/>I reckon I could have watched The X-Files if it had continued past it's 9th Season with Doggett and Reyes as the 'Next Generation' of X-Files investigators.  We had hints of what Patrick and Gish would have been like carrying the show on their own without Duchovny and Anderson and I think they would have pulled it off.<br/><br/>A great series and certainly ground breaking in terms of storytelling and special effects back in its early days which helped pave the way for series like Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel.  I thank Chris Carter for creating this series and managing to keep it going for 9 years.  I thank David Duchovny, Gillian Anderson, Robert Patrick, & Annabeth Gish for bringing their characters to life and I am looking forward to the second X-Files movie.  There will NEVER be a series like this again.  A well deserved 10 out of 10.<br/><br/>The Truth Is Out There. *UPDATE AT BOTTOM*<br/><br/>Chris Carter pulled out all the stops to compress an incohesive and completely implausible conspiracy storyline into a scant "6 Episode Event" - and still manages the time to troll everything he personally dislikes.<br/><br/>From Bush, the military industrial complex, pharmaceutical companies, fossil fuels, Fox News, Republicans, and conservatives, the "They Are All Evil" mantra has become all-too familiar banter from the lunatic leftist fringe over the last several decades, and Chris Carter makes no bones about being lock-step with the present-day form of the political brown shirts on these issues. Quick flashes of Bush's face while describing the evildoers portends to be subliminal (like in 2008's "I Want to Believe"), but merely comes across as childish and naive. If the Republicans are in on it - then so are the Democrats, otherwise the alien "secret" would already be public. Giving Clinton and Obama a pass doesn't make any sense unless you are drinking the Kool-Aid. In which case, you really shouldn't be making a show about conspiracy theories. You are part of one.<br/><br/>For a conspiracy show to have plausibility, it has to have a solid premise. This new "envisioning" fails on nearly every level. Chris Carter throws out the book on everything built over 9 previous years of the show to tell us that, "Oh, yes. Aliens are out there. But they don't do anything to us. It is evil men using their technology." This could not get more confounded or silly. <br/><br/>The entire concept of this new story arc is debunked with one simple question: Does anyone here believe that the U.S. government would expose it's ultra Top Secret, alien reverse-engineered aircraft to the prying eyes of every cell phone camera in America, or risk crashing it, to kidnap unsuspecting civilians to use in medical experiments? If so, why wouldn't they just get a few vans and pick up homeless people from major cities? You could collect a thousand in one night - and no one would be the wiser. Even "Blade (1998)" had a more realistic premise on where vampires get their blood supply. Oh, and don't forget the group of civilian "experts" in the desert that somehow managed to build their own version of Aurora using Mercury-based superfluid toroidal anti-gravity - and LED invisibility projection, too. And what did they do with it? Did they present their research and design to journalists, the scientific community, or even post it on the internet freely for all to see? Nope. They stashed it in a hangar for years and only allowed Mulder to see it. It was there for no other purpose than to be destroyed by the "evil" U.S. military.<br/><br/>As for the acting, it was painfully forced and dishearteningly shy. This was an opportunity for both David and Gillian to really re-embrace their roles with fervor. Instead, they exuded the type of pain that only comes when someone believes they are being forced to swallow their own vomit. They both begrudgingly present themselves for the camera as though they feel the entire franchise is behind them - and being "forced" to do this again is beneath them. They, in real life, have become the elites this show is about. Forgetting your fans and where your career started is a prideful way of "Fighting the Future". It mirrors Leonard Nimoy's 70's dichotomy when he wrote "I Am Not Spock", followed a decade later by "I Am Spock". We can only hope that one day they will awaken to this "Truth" and appreciate the fame that we, as the fans, gave them.<br/><br/>Based on Chris Carter's apparent personal politics, it is readily clear that the next 5 episodes will not be any more enlightening. The truth is indeed out there. But it is all too apparent that we, as fans and human beings, will not find it in this catastrophe of an homage.<br/><br/>2/10. I would have given it a 1, but William B. Davis' appearance and final lines provided a very mild, if melodramatic, redemption.<br/><br/>UPDATE: I had to bump it up to 4/10 due to last night's (S01E02) episode. It went from a dark cloud to one with a silver lining in one night! No politics, better acting (by the supporting cast, at least), and a more intelligent premise. Holding out hope that they will continue to lift a bar that was set so low on the outset. Not much, just a little. Chris, like all those of his political ilk, won't let an opportunity to chum the airwaves with his political blood escape. I only hope the production team held him down for the remaining 4 episodes. I loved the original series ! It was one of the best show ever made. When I heard about a new season I was really happy ! But......huge disappointment ! Is like the budget is my monthly payment and the people who are writing the script are amateurs......the 10th season was very bad.....this last one is horrible.....I watched the first 3 episodes and thats it ! I cannot anymore. And like the poor script it was not enought , they feel the need to imput some politics in it....some private agencies (with headquarter in Moscow) with russian employees are leading the FBI and the head of these agencies is at the White House.....really ????? I'm not an US citizen, so I'm not involve in the US internal politic, but........really ? There is any hope for improvment ? "I want to belive", but with these writers and directors, I dont think so.....Bottom line, do not watch the last two seasons....keep in mind the first beautiful 9 ! I missed X Files, welcome back Mulder and Scully . Would you please keep the episodes coming. My husband and I were your number one fans back then, today we are still fans with an addition of two more watching X Files, our kids. Teenage boys that found X files better than any other shows they are watching. My oldest son surprised said: Wow, you guys had better shows than the ones available nowadays. Cannot wait for more episodes. I hope you will keep the show despite peoples reviews, the spirit and suspense of the show are still here. It's been so long and I missed the show so much, there is no other way I can describe the episodes other than X FILES ARE BACK PEOPLE!!!!!!!! I watched X-Files first time when it began airing regular episodes here in 1999. I followed it devoutly. It had a dark , serious sometimes sinister tone with lots of mystery and open endings. The main characters , Mulder and Scully , opposites working on unresolved paranormal cases were written as loners , dedicated professionals and trusted partners/friends for each other. The conspiracy mythology started great and went on OK for first four or five seasons with different elements adding on top of each other. The X-Files movie in 1998 was cherry on the top for that subject. Standalone episodes were impressive too. Episodes like "Jersey Devil" or "Home" scared the hell out of me and were just made fine. They usually kept a door open for different possibilities even at the end of episodes which I liked. Grittiness , scare and mystery factors with lots of creativity kept this show alive....<br/><br/>....until Season 6 I guess. That's when things began to go downhill. Season 7 was worse. A very unnecessary campiness and cheese factor was added to show , became a more dominant factor and it lowered previous quality. There were still some good stand alone episodes here and there but alien conspiracy arc became more and more complicated plus illogical , ignoring previous continuity. Story elements didn't make sense in larger picture. ( ultra powerful syndicate was wiped out all too easily at one stroke , Mulder came out as CSM's son , Mulder's father/mother plus ex-girlfriend was involved in conspiracy , Scully got pregnant , Mulder's sister became "starlight" , Krychek played double so many times and cheated death it became really silly. M/S became romantically involved and remained partners etc ) On top of that an unnecessary comedy and lightness element became more and more apparent even in stand alone episodes and it became very tedious. I mean this show was close to being a classic like Twin Peaks , Twilight Zone or Outer Limits but it became more like a stupid teenage fun romp like Buffy the Vampire Slayer or Stargate. When the series began to have fun with itself with episodes like "X-Cops" or "Hollywood AD" it sunk completely. During its last two seasons producers tried to save it by injecting new characters , plot elements and new layers to conspiracy. The new characters were OK. For example John Doggett played by Robert Patrick was a very well written and developed character. One exception aside all episodes around him brought back some of the serious air X-Files used to have. Unfortunetely the series was going all too long. Creativity was mostly gone. The conspiracy plot became more and more unbelievable and full of nonsense and became so complicated it was clear CC and his team hadn't planned ahead. The finale didn't bring any resolutions or clear answers either. It just confirmed what we knew all along with a date and showed some old faces , that's it.<br/><br/>In my opinion Season 1-5 are golden years of X-Files. They are full of suspense, thrill and intrigue. After that it becomes more and more an action/comedy show and begins to repeat itself ( it can not be avoided after all it went on for nine seasons ) The show was perfect, until they brought it back and destroyed it. As long as you never watch the two new seasons, you won't be disappointed. X-Files returned with much fanfare. It brought back a an older Mulder and Scully to investigate a brand new set of mysteries promising some sort of closure for a series that extend back several decades. The return was a bit of a hit and miss with some episodes capturing the old magic while others made no sense as stories.<br/><br/>The first episode brought Mulder back into his conspiracy furor with Joel McHale as a talk show host who stumbles on an alien secret. This new conspiracy also drags Scully back into the mystery though she retains her skepticism. Of course her doubts have been shaken through years of unexplained experience. The dynamic between the two characters was still there if only the plots could have done them justice.<br/><br/>The plots returned to their formulaic and episodic way with each episode confronting some new unexplained mystery. Mulder was quick to believe and Scully doubted. The writers didn't seem to want to change much from that. There was a comedic episode in the middle that I found amusing but some of the others were just absurd.<br/><br/>Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com There's so much to say about this series, and discussions around it as well. I don't know how or where to begin, but I'll do what I can to deliver my message in the best way. I hope you will overlook what I've wrote here, because I'm just a 20 year old guy from sweden and aren't very good in english. I hope you think - as I do - that the content are the most important.<br/><br/>I saw the first episode when it first aired here in Sweden - many years ago now. I thought it had it all - a "flashy" main title, a interesting story, nice actors/actresses and wonderful music. I have in a way grew up with this show, so it all feels very personal to me. It all depends on how "easy-to-please" you are, regarding how much from the series you like. And it also depends what you are looking for. And in this show you'll find a lot of things, but I think there are way too much people just doesn't see what this series was really about.<br/><br/>THIS WAS A SHOW ABOUT A MAN SEARCHING FOR HIS SISTER... Mulder had a "regression-hypnosis", that made him convinced that his sister were abducted by aliens. He quickly dumped his changes to climb up to a TOP career within FBI, and instead chose "the un famous room at the cellarfloor without heat and windows" were they had all the unsolved cases 'The X-Files'. Even the new beautiful partner he gets (Scully) couldn't make him on other thoughts than his sister Samantha. Obsessed and desperat.<br/><br/>The first episodes 1X79 - THE X-FILES: PILOT, 1X01 - DEEP THROAT, 1X03 - CONDUIT started off this magnificent show with the real mythology and I (and everyone else watching it) was captured by Mulders devotion for the truth. Combined with clever monster-episodes that made everyone get scared, for instance the classic of the classic: 1X02 - SQUEEZE. All this spiced up with: mystery, paranormal things, person-chemistry, excitement, a bit humour and much more.<br/><br/>BUT WHAT HAPPENS? The show became famous... Chris Carter and the rest of The X-Files crew became "ego-centered" or something. It all became "less heart, more money". Everything became too much sci-fi... First the question was "Do aliens exists?", that question became "When are the aliens gonna invade earth?"... Aliens invading the earth (one of the most ridiculous plots ever invented into show - just proves that the show didn't want to be original anymore.) But just don't aliens... Even shippers started to invade the earth. I mean... The beautyness of the show went more or less in the background and other too odd things became the main goal.<br/><br/>It became not just less heart, more money... It also became more gore, less cleverness - more kissing, less chemistry - more emptyness, less interesting... Just more bad, less good...<br/><br/>DON'T GET ME WRONG... This was a brilliant show that had potential to continue to be pure gold all the way thru, but they choosed to follow the mainstream and please the sci-fi lovers (well I love sci-fi, but X-Files was supposed to be more like a "mystery show" and not Star Wars - if you get my point,) and all the girls watching the series just to see Mulder and Scully in the bed together. The show did continue to entertain me, but that special feeling was more or less just gone.<br/><br/>IMHO I think that the show should have cancelled way earlier than it did. Reasons:<br/><br/>* The ideas were already presented, why present them again but in just worser copies? The X-Files just got repetative.<br/><br/>* David Duchovny was tired of the series after five seasons. His threat of leaving without moving the series to L.A. was like "Oh no! We can't cancel the series now, we want more money! Do as he says!". But they did parody the series itself in season six and that was the best they could do, but then it got serious again in season seven and it just became ridiculous the way it turned out.<br/><br/>* DD wasn't anymore with the series as much towards the final seasons. A real X-Phile wants to remember The X-Files with David Duchovny (Fox Mulder) and Gillian Anderson (Dana Scully) - To claim something else is just ridiculous.<br/><br/>* We didn't have to suffer while watching crappy episodes, and the episode that revealed the truth about Mulders sister - I REALLY HATE WHAT THEY DID! It really felt like it was something they made up in a couple of hours.<br/><br/>* Sure there is much more, but I have to sleep sometime... Let's get to the final.<br/><br/>Shortly: The first season was without a doubt the classic and absolute best one of the entire show. Also seasons two and three were great, but still not carrying the same brilliance as the first. Then it slipped away more and more as it went on, but that doesn't mean that the rest of the seasons were bad. Seasons four, five and six had not the same cleverness as before, it was more like standard television and better than all the other shit on TV. Then seasons 7-9 were just... Well... TRASH! There were still great episodes through the whole show, but - unfortunately - more disapointing times.<br/><br/>There's surely much more I want to say, so maybe I'll post another long comment in the future.<br/><br/>Finally I want to say that, even if it doesn't seems like it, I think that this is one of the best series I've ever seen! But remember: The earlier in the show - the better! My summary is no exaggeration! I just started watching this show at the beginning of Season Five, but thanks to pre-recorded videos and FX, I have now seen every single episode and can say with authority that this is the smartest, sexiest and most intelligent show ever to grace the small screen! David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson bring such depth to their characters (Special Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, respectively), the writing, directing and cinematography are good enough to grace the silver screen (and did in the summer of '98!), and the plots are imaginative, intriguing and downright "SPOOKY"! Tune in just once and you, too, will be hooked!!!! I really enjoy the original seasons. It included quality dialogue and genuinely interesting or unique plots. The revamped seasons are horrible. The acting is mediocre at best and the plots are completely shallow. It's not that the plots couldn't be interesting, it's just that the screenwriting is stilted and unoriginal. To me it feels like they wanted to revive the series, but didn't want to put the effort into doing it right which is a shame. Contains mild spoilers.<br/><br/>As other reviewers have noted, the first episode is a bit let down by a first half of "catching up" and sloganeering, presumably aimed at new viewers who weren't X-Philes during the original run of the show. But once Mulder confronts Skinner in his empty basement office, the game's afoot.<br/><br/>It's a joyous return to the grim paranoid fantasies of the original series, complete with a re-enactment of the Roswell crash that leaves little doubt as to its reality. The pilot ups the ante by introducing a young right-wing version of Mulder, talk show host Tad O'Malley, who with Mulder crafts a whole train of new post-9/11 conspiracies that seem a lot more plausible today than did those in the original series. NSA spying, drones, Wikileaks, non-existent Iraqi weapons of mass destruction, the Patriot Act. These aren't science fiction. They're facts. Mulder's exposition of a massive global conspiracy near the end is classic X-Files, tying together the last fifteen years in a dizzying meta-narrative.<br/><br/>Mulder and Scully are a bit older and a bit slower, but there's no mistaking who they are, iconic heroes weighed down by a bevy of personal problems and doubts. Conspiracy is fun again. The old saying - You can never go home again - applies to the X-Files.<br/><br/>Glaringly in this "season 10" of the X-Files is the constant reminder that time has passed. It's not just that the actors are older, but the genre is now so over-exploited that any attempt to extend the X-Files seems quite derivative, in this case of itself.<br/><br/>I found problematic that we are to believe that all we saw in the last 5 seasons of the X- Files, and in the first movie, somehow is not what was originally presented.<br/><br/>This is Chris Carter and company not being honest with us, the viewer.<br/><br/>Also tiring is the overt placement of ideological talking points. Even if I agree with them, they are presented naively and in a juvenile fashion. It's as if Carter just can't wait to preach and doesn't even try to fit the ideology intelligently into a story line.<br/><br/>After only two episodes, this season 10 is grossly over-rated even compared to IMDb tradition. I suspect legions of Duchovny and Anderson fans are just giving this season top ratings, even though the substance of the episodes are not very good, even by classic X-Files standards.<br/><br/>Within the story itself, the technical explanations given along the way are not intelligible. They are just multisyllabic words given to try and impress the viewer. For example, Scully says she "sequenced" DNA, but the close up of the lab results shown are not in fact a "sequence" of a genome but just diagrams of a very simple DNA test. The explanations given to Mulder for the ARV energy do not make sense (e.g., "zero point", "electro-gravitic", etc.) and while Mulder in the original series may have fallen for that claptrap at one time, we the audience today have become more sophisticated due in part to the many alien-themed movies and TV series that have come along.<br/><br/>The X-Files belongs in the era of Bill Clinton, in which they started and had their best episodes. There the X-Files should have stayed. the X Files was one of the greatest TV shows ever and the acting was intense and totally believable. Then we became entangled in a silly alien invasion/civil war/whatever the hell it was and the last couple of series became too stupid to even laugh at. It finished undeservedly in a mire of dog poop alien codswallop.<br/><br/>Now it's back and we take up the story but with a twist. It is not the aliens who want to take over the world but humans using alien technology.<br/><br/>Who all these warring aliens were at the death knell of the X Files seems unimportant now as like Bobby Ewing in the shower it was all a dream/lie.<br/><br/>Sadly our crusading duo look tired and old now and their performances reflect that. Once I believed in Mulder and Scully and I approached this new revamp wanting to believe again but sadly the same old tired nonsense is being dribbled out that killed the uniqueness of the show.<br/><br/>The pair look like they are doing this to avoid jail time for some felonious behaviour. They no longer have any spark together.<br/><br/>If all this mini series is about running over the same old garbage it ended on then sadly it will be a mega waste of time. The old X Files was great when it was a one off investigation and the early alien arcs were interesting but became boring due to the writers trying to be far too clever.<br/><br/>I will stick with it as I always did hoping for a spark of the original idea but the opening episode was cobblers.<br/><br/>This happens a lot when old TV series are revamped decades later and fail to recapture the magic. Absolutely Fabulous a great example and Red Dwarf another. Once great shows that had a magic about them trawled out with a tired cast that can no longer harness the electricity between them. Add The X Files to that list.<br/><br/>The truth may be out there but its boring so far. At best,this show was brilliant; episodes like "Die Hand Die Verletzt" and "Home" are better than most modern horror movies. THE X FILES became a part of my life for the duration of its run,and I don't watch much television. The writing constantly drew me in; even at its worst, this show could not be beaten. Best episodes: "Home" "Die Hand Die<br/><br/>Verletzt" "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose" "Jose Chung's 'From Outer<br/><br/>Space'" "Sanguinarium" "Drive" "Humbug" and more. Worst: "Badlaa" "How The Ghosts Stole Christmas" "The Field Where I Died" "Teso Dos Bichos" and "Avatar." I agree with the poster below: it was one hell of a ride... The X-Files are a fond memory from my childhood. I remember waiting every night for the episode to air with incredible excitement so when I heard that the series was getting a sequel I was, mildly put, overjoyed.<br/><br/>And basically, the hype that I felt before the show aired was the only good thing to come out of it. I won't even start listing the things that sucked, because I'm pretty sure that I'll exceed the character limit only halfway through. So I'll just finish this review with this - watch this at your own risk. If you were a fan of the original like I was, you will almost certainly become disappointed in the obvious cash- cow that the revival is. So folks, I've decided to watch 11 season today, after my criticism about 10 season (man become a reptile)...really... I was watching 11 s 04 episode where the "alien" showed and told Mulder and Scully that they finished gathering Intel about human...That alien was like from comedy, I was so disappointed, It was so low, so disgusting for X-files, so embarrassing for Carter as the master and the creator of X-Files... (what happened to you man?) So I've deleted all other series ( I had 5 more)...These new low producers ruined my past X-files, they suck su much, that we must build a lawsuit against them...I'm in tears, watching my best Tv Series going to sh..Original X-File likers - We need to file a petition to this insanity, how far will we let them to make fun of our greatest all time series?? We must do something... I've seen the series when I was 10, and when I first saw their episodes it was an interesting stories about alien. I begun to watch their episodes every Sunday. I really like the good chemistry of Gillian Anderson and David Duchonvy, they give their best to make the movie and the series beautiful. the x-files has a good stories and a good actors and also a good creator Cris Carter. My favorite episode is requiem, unnatural, triangle, all things, Arcadia, almost all the episodes. I love all the episodes because it has an interesting stories, when you saw the episodes you can get enough to watch it over and over again. <br/><br/>When they promote their movie I was so excited to watch it and when I saw the movie it's almost perfect, Gillian Anderson is very beautiful and David Duchonvy is very handsome they are perfect!!...and the story of the movie is Awesome!!... I'm sure there will be part 2. In short the series and the movies is the most beautiful of all time. After this pilot, I felt like Mulder is no hero of mine anymore, just another flat character on screen. Just like another victim in the Walking Dead turning zombie. After Star Wars, another classic turned sour. What's next by Hollywood, Blade Runner meets Steven Segal? The Matrix meets Jason Statham?..<br/><br/>OK, so here we have one of the ground-breaking series of the 90's, reshaped for the 21st century. At the time an original script of aliens being responsible for much of the unexplained, mixed with a lot of fiction and suspense, later on going quite flat with the Scully and Mulder main character duo pseudo-romance. It had to end sooner or later, I admit I hadn't watched it for the bigger part of the remaining series as my need for unexplained phenomena was saturated with an ever increasing feeling that they've run out of stories and most stay on just to see whether the duo finally gets laid or not. But we all loved it, while it lasted.. Why? Because it was fresh at the time and aliens were in, conspiracies were relatively unheard of due to our governments coming up with "perfectly acceptable" explanations for worldwide crises and because the hero, FBI Agent "Spooky" Mulder was a believer, someone who was persistent and could not be fooled, even when he was just like any of us. And now that they're back on the screen and we live much more turbulent lives with much less explainable global conflicts where we do not tend to believe anymore what's force-fed via the media, terrorism in our backyards, environmental threats and mass migration, it's supposed to be even more exciting and the topic lends itself on a silver plate: what links will Mulder find in today's world between alien races and strange occurrences, amidst all this turmoil? Will there be any aliens behind the powers-that-be, lizard faced, green or invisible? Or will it be microscopic bacteria, planted by civilizations long gone, maybe subconscious messages from outer space? And is it any worse than what we are facing now in our everyday lives? Great material for many episodes to come, for sure and expectations set high for the X-Files of the 21st century.<br/><br/>Instead, we get Mulder's never-ending agonizing romance with Scully 20 years later with its meta-communication I could never understand (Scully with her pokerface worrying herself sick for Mulder (in words only), after having spent most of her career witnessing events with him but walking out at the slightest hint of having to listen to his new conviction in a new setting, then still staying for a chat simply because a wild stranger reporter asks her to stay, wtf???), totally irrelevant and unconnected events and characters that get debunked in a second and a short summary of the New World Order in 2 minutes, with an absurdly forced and unrealistic connection to aliens, without any of the typical search for truth that makes Mulder into what he is. Duh..<br/><br/>After seeing this first episode, I had the feeling that the director had to force the New World Order into the episode, to make it clear that that stands behind everything, laying the groundwork for the next episodes. Forced, being afraid that the viewers would not stay on if it were not pushed in our face right at first go. Sure, it may make for a potentially very interesting plot for future episodes that I much support, but you cannot hasten loyalty: it kills the gradual suspense that is much needed to keep us wanting for more. There is no suspense to speak of in the whole episode, which is more like a documentary! I saw this 2 minute explanation with all the flashes of chem-trails, oil, environment destruction, vaccines, sugar, etc. as a big melting pot of fantastic material, condensed into a can of sardines. And once opened, it left me with the feeling of "Ah, so that's the explanation.. OK, anything else?..". Such a waste of good material. And such display of poor filmmaker skills. I mean, Mulder suddenly throws away his decades of experience in the field, just for a new concept by a conspiracy theorists, like himself?? I thought Mulder was our man for that, doing the work and presenting us with a great series with suspense along the way. Instead, he's a copycat! "I think it may all have been a lie" Wow, is that all he can come up with after all these years, simply take over someone else's story? Let's forget about the past, clean sheet and in the 21st century, we must believe in something totally different? Sure I understand the reasons: the viewers need a new bone, the script is not just about aliens anymore, some connection needs to be made to our current lives. But surely it could be done better than compressing all of that in a 2 minute script reading, as if the director gave Mulder the storyline to read of the next 20 chapters or so, not having to bother to actually directing it and to get us hooked with the new hype. So cheap.<br/><br/>All in all, I think the creators of the new series did a really poor job: despite excellent material of the New World Order, poor execution of connecting it to Mulder, poor effort in visuals, narrative and dialogues. My verdict is of course only on the pilot: hopefully the series itself will not lend to such cheap tricks and will build up suspense and explanation, connections gradually, giving us the taste of X-files style. A shame that the pilot gave away all of it in advance though. Is the audience assumed to be that spoiled, to want to have desert before dinner starts?.. The tortured effort to insinuate 2017 political drivel into the show doomed it. Why start out aggravating half your audience and present half baked scripts to finish off the remainder? Is it to serve some higher cause? If so make the case within the context of the stories rather than have the characters flippantly hand out opinions at completely nonsensical times. A sad end for a once great show. I was horribly disappointed by season 10 of the X-Files. I had been told that it was an awesome show, so I checked it out. The first two episodes were interesting, but not impressive. It really went downhill with the Were-Monster episode. I generally dislike "comedy" episodes of any TV series that isn't a comedy, because they are almost never funny. If you want a comedy episode, hire some comedy writers. It was very cringe worthy to be honest. Also, I really didn't enjoy Home Again. The band aid nose man was just a horrible villain, he could have been creepy but the way he killed people removed the tension from the entire episode. Babylon was a little better, and the finale was just messy. Overall, the plots were just dumb. How is this #78 on the Top 250 TV Shows? Doctor Who was rated best sci fi TV series of 2015 by Rotten Tomatoes (rightfully so), and it's #87. I think Doctor Who is a far superior show that receives almost no recognition for what it puts out. Watch Face the Raven or Heaven Sent from series 9 to see a little of what it can do. X files was just bad 4/10. I was really looking forward to this.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I was slowly tortured half to death as David Duchovny's pathetic performance melted all memory of his likable naivetÃ©, with... well, something else... that indicated either he had absolutely no desire to be in this thing at all and was only doing it for the money, or he was being forced to do it by the same hidden conspirators portrayed to be behind the scenes running everything in the theme of this piece of garbage, which is over the top on all accounts. I guess no one behind this ever heard of the expression, "less is more." The greatest actors and film makers of all time always underplayed, rather than overplayed themselves. It makes for more realism and better entertainment.<br/><br/>The overall effect of episode one is really bad and horribly disappointing, and how anyone could give this a "10" rating as many have, is completely beyond my comprehension. The main theme, the main conspiracy, the explanation of every action that every shadowy and malicious figure has ever taken, everything can be told in a few sentences. Yet, it takes no less than 9 whole seasons, of 21/22 episodes each, a grand total of 190 episodes and 9 whole years before the main story is actually delivered in a few minutes during Scully's testimony to the military court. During the rest of the episodes the main actors act as part retarded and amnesiacs, avoiding to ask questions that would clear the confusion in seconds. But the writers felt that the series has to last 9 whole years going around in circles and becoming irrelevant, boring and frustrating.<br/><br/>On the one hand there are episodes where Mulder and Scully slowly uncover a huge conspiracy to hide an impending alien invasion and colonisation of the earth, the destruction of humankind as we know it.<br/><br/>Faced with the forthcoming alien invasion and colonisation of the planet you would think that anything else would pale into insignificance.<br/><br/>Yet to we have to enure dozens of episodes dealing with unrelated issues, such as Mulder and Scully chasing bank robbers, unique animals, psychics, circus performers and other "paranormals", as if the aliens and the urgency of trying to save the planet has all disappeared, as if we are wathcing another series altogether.<br/><br/>Most episodes are about a pair of FBI agents tasked with investigating crimes involving paranormal activities. During those episodes Mulder comes face to face with the paranormal, and the not-so-normal, while Scully, the sceptic, is always two steps behind, locked in another room, or otherwise always prevented from actually witnessing first hand the paranormal. This theme swiftly becomes repetitive and annoying as episode after episode we know to expect Scully to be looking the other way while UFOs are flying right in front of her nose. I personally gave up somewhere around season 6 and fast forwarded to the last episode of the series, and I believe that Scully still has not ever witnessed an alien or any other paranormal event.<br/><br/>The story really becomes frustrating as the main actors seem to forget that in the previous episode they were chasing aliens and are content investigating some unrelated crime that has nothing to do with the destruction of human kind which is just round the corner.<br/><br/>Down to the last episode the main actors are obsessed with exposing the truth, exposing the various government conspiracies, wanting everyone to learn of the crimes that the government and the military have committed, but completely ignoring the fact that the world is about to end by alien invasion and no matter what crimes were committed they were attempts to stave off the invasion and save human kind. Their obsession with the "truth" is absurd under these circumstances.<br/><br/>I believe the series started off well with a huge government/military conspiracy slowly being uncovered and the zealous Mulder trying to expose the Truth. But at some point it becomes clear to everyone that the conspiracy is an attempt to stall an alien invasion and to save human kind. At that moment, with the knowledge that the earth is about to be infiltrated and invaded by colonising aliens, there is no other logical path other than to side with the 'conspirators' and work towards trying to save human kind. This is not what happens though, the main characters remain obsessed with some "truth" they are still trying to uncover down to the last few minutes of the last episode of the series. Dreadful, really insanely absurd, nonsensical, and irrelevant. This is a moving series produced by the Fox Broadcasting Co. television , titled : The X-Files (1993-2002) . Based on the fictional characters about two obstinate FBI agent investigating unexplained paranormal phenomena and it had two theatrical films : I want to believe (2008) by Chris Carter and X files : Fight to the future (1998) by Rob Bowman and both of them based on the series , being all of them played by David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson . The two colleagues Fox Mulder and Dana Scully , work in the X-Files office , which is concerned with cases with particularly mysterious or possibly supernatural circumstances that were left unsolved and shelved by the FBI . Along the way they attempt to resolve any other cases at whatever risk , usually related to fantastic deeds , weird events and paranormal happenings . Meantime , dark forces attempt to get their strong efforts have fruitful results . As Mulder and Scully must act in order to avoid plots , deadly virus , alien colonization of Earth and save everyone on the planet , among others . The series being formed by 217 episodes, during 1993-2016 . And directed by prestigious TV filmmakers as Kim Manners , Rob Bowman , David Nutter , Tony Wharmby , Michael W. Watkins , Rod Hardy , Jerrold Freedman , William A. Graham ,Daniel Sackheim , Peter Markle , James Wong, Thomas J. Wright , Joe Napolitano , Larry Shaw and Vince Gilligan of Breaking bad . Chris Carter , the actual showrunner directed 13 episodes . Special mention for the mysterious and thrilling musical score by Mark Snow .<br/><br/>Stars two wonderful characters Fox Mulder well played by David Duchovny who directed 3 episodes , Fox is a true believer . As he believes on UFos and thinks his sister was abducted . Mulder believes on alien conspiracies within the U.S. government and perceives his cases from view points of the paranormal , supernatural and conspiracy . He is a Special Agent of the United States' Federal Bureau of Investigation, partnered most often with fellow Special Agent Scully , as Dana was paired with Mulder to keep his investigation factual base . Fox William Mulder nicknamed "Spooky" Mulder, is a FBI Special Agent who believes in UFOs and a government conspiracy to hide or deny the truth of their existence . Mulder's drive in finding the aliens is his sister Samantha Mulder . As children Samantha was abducted from the Mulder home and Fox has never forgiven himself for not fighting harder to prevent the abduction . Samantha is the drive behind all of his investigations to get redemption that she may still Mulder considers the X-Files and the truth behind the supposed conspiracy that he has made the main purpose of his life . <br/><br/>-And Agent Dana Katherine Scully , M.D. ; Dana Scully was born in 1964, into a close-knit Catholic family . Dana Scully attended University of Maryland , and earned career in Physics . She earned the degree in Medicine and while lasting medical school , she was recruited by the FBI . Upon being partnered with Fox Mulder , she maintained her medical skills by acting as a forensic pathologist , often performing or consulting on autopsies of victims on X-Files cases . This role in the beginning was the naysayer and she debunked most if not all of Mulder's findings . As the season pass she witnesses her own evidence of an alien presence and their potential danger to humanity . In the first movie she is almost a victim of an alien abduction . From this point on her science is tilted towards Mulder's thinking and is no longer considered objective by the FBI . Other essential roles appearing are the followings : Mitch Pileggi as Walter Skinner , Robert Patrick as John Doggett and William B. Davis as Smoking Man . X-files... This name alone has made it to History...at least TV History. Good episodes, good acting, good plotting...<br/><br/>Most of the episodes, since 1993, have been first rate. Chris Carter is a smart guy, he knows very well his business. Even the movie was pretty good.<br/><br/>Scully is a very good character, and Gillian Anderson breathes life into it in such a way that you´d swear Scully exists and maybe mrs. Anderson is just like that. Sometimes it ´s just too annoying to watch her character be so skeptical, but the fact is that in real life I´ve met people that think and act that way, no matter the evidences against their rationale. She is a good actress and I personally hope to see her in other works, maybe a movie which can project her persona into the mainstream kingdom.<br/><br/>Fox Mulder...determined, focused, open minded, dedicated. This guy is what most of us (with a functioning brain and a grain of sensitivity) are or want to be, and he has the chance to seek the truth out there. Mr. Duchovny is a terrific actor. Besides the X-files, one should see the other works he has to offer us. Good work. In this series, he is just fabulous. His acting ranges from dramatic, professionally cold, to paranoid and outright funny.<br/><br/>It´s been a pleasure to walk side by side with these characters all these years. If we lived in Wonderland, I would just hope that we continued to see more of this series for the upcoming years, but...<br/><br/>This series is thought provoking, sometimes original, imaginative, thrilling, has very fine actors supporting it, from Steven Williams to Mitch Pillegi and Nicholas Lea, the writers who make the scripts really make an effort to be varied. When I watch it, I know I´m in for a treat, most of the times. Like Babylon 5, The Pretender and The Practice, X-files is part of the golden shows that run nowadays on TV. I am a late bloomer to the X-Files. So I must say there is still hope for you if you have never even seen an episode. I watched the first few episodes and then stopped. I watched off and on if I was bored on Sunday nights. In the fifth season an episode called Bad Blood reeled me in and I 've been addicted ever since. David Duchovny is absolutely luscious, Gillian Anderson is one sexy lady, and of course the stories are great. I'm pretty much caught up by reading summaries, watching reruns, and of course seeing the movie. The X-Files has it all: great acting, great writing, great special effects, and, what else are you going to be doing on a Sunday night ? What I loved the most about the show was that Dana Scully was never sexualised. Ever. There was always a speculation as to whether Mulder and Scully would have an affair but that never happened on the show, breaking all tv stereotypes. I do not know what else can be noted in this beautiful series, which started in Russia at the end of the dashing 90s, instantly finding its audience. Everything has been said for me a long time ago, but I'll write a bit of ad-libbing Great vinaigrette from a detective, thriller, drama, horror, and of course mystics. Many people are drawn to something unknown, mystical, to the fact that it is impossible to explain and the X-Files only kindle interest in all such things.<br/><br/>Grew up on this series and great memories. Eh, now be so afraid of what is happening on the screen. But now, looking through the series one after another in the dark, it also finds fear, but completely different. As a child, you fear that suddenly that same mutant is sitting under your bed, or your neighbor hides some paranormal forces and performs mysterious rituals at night, and you believe in all of this without thinking. Now, you get into all the confusion and become aware - and this is true, all this is completely real, why not this, maybe this is the very truth. And you feel the whole horror of what is happening, you feel that the girl is abducted, kidnapped by a maniac and everything else. And everyone once thought about an extraterrestrial life form, albeit superficially. After the same viewing - and in fact, indeed, a lot of secrecy from people's eyes in reality about this. The series changes all your faith and your whole attitude towards the paranormal.<br/><br/>Throughout the series, we witness the confrontation of science in the person of Dana Scully, in whose role Gillian Anderson fits perfectly, and the belief in the supernatural Fox Mulder, which David Duchovny played superbly. And from the first series, Scully begins to doubt that science can justify everything and everyone on our planet. In general, their interpersonal line is very interesting. They just like to argue with each other, and by the third season it becomes clear that their working and friendly relations develop into something more. And in the "War of Coprophagous" series, very cute and ridiculous jealousy of Scully to Mulder, who ironically inflames her, happens before our eyes.<br/><br/>Mark Snow, the composer of this work, created a smart atmospheric music, and already at the sight of the screensaver you start to worry and be afraid. The music itself is filled with something mysterious in the eerie, and sometimes at night I turn on this very music, close my eyes, and the kaleidoscope of the entire series begins in front of me; I just lay there and remember my favorite scenes and series, and my heart and soul begin to tremble in excitement. Do not describe these feelings in words! And in certain scenes, fast keyboard sounds begin, which creep far into the soul, scaring the hell out of you. And the screensaver is excellent, especially when the silhouette falls on the palm. A lot of emotions.<br/><br/>This is not a review at all, but the emotional experience of the X-Files fan. Literate language, all this is difficult to state, in words it will be much sincere. Chris Carter has created a truly iconic series. My bow to all the people who are involved in the creation of the series in the slightest way. After the X Files, the TV science drama is not the same in the world. The characters, the plot on each episode and the sequence of the story did explore myth and fact in many ways. Creating all type of emotions to the viewers. Let me tell you a short personal experience, back there in the 90s I used to go to work very early in the morning, and after a very long and stressed day in a world class company it was very relaxing to get home, to take a nice cold beer with a nice microwave dinner to watch this 1 hour show. And it was so for 9 seasons! I do recommend this TV show to all that people who looks for an interesting investigation drama! First review here. I did not watch any X-Files during it's initial run. I received all nine seasons for Christmas last year. Nothing better than seeing those words "to be continued" on the screen and knowing you don't have to wait a week! I thoroughly enjoyed this series! I was reading some reviews and this summed this series up quote well, so I'll just quote it.<br/><br/>"It was never, as Chris Carter claimed, about Scully. It was rarely, as most media claimed, about Mulder.<br/><br/>It was always, always, always about Scully and Mulder.<br/><br/>They were two halves of a whole--intuitive/rational, impetuous/cautious, passionate/reserved. That's not a new idea, but switching heads was. Scully-and-Mulder interested us because they switched mental genders; Dana Scully was the one with the "masculine" traits of logic, balance, and a conservative view of science. Mulder's "feminine" side was his dominant side: listening to his feelings, playing his hunches, and leaping to conclusions." <br/><br/>Isn't that the truth of it? As much as I liked this series, half of season 8 and all but one episode of Season 9 were not "X-Files" for me. I'm not knocking our new "pair", I did like Agent Dogget quite a lot, but never really warmed up to Agent Reyes. The writers tried to infuse and tug emotional heart-strings with them, but they just weren't Scully & Mulder.<br/><br/>To be quite honest about the series in it's entirety, after the 1st movie came out after season 5, the writing seemed to decline somewhat. Not that that kept me from watching and being entertained, but there was a change in my view.<br/><br/>But lets talk about the good.<br/><br/>The show was at it's best when Scully and Muldur were there and the story involved the alien back-story and the cigarette smoking man. There was quite a bit that didn't include this, but in my view X-Files ROCKED when it was at it's roots.<br/><br/>...and the rest: Aliens, good and bad. I loved how they were always flirting with "The Greys".<br/><br/>Black Oil: How about that. Sentient black goo. It also had the ability to communicate with the spaceships? Loved the eyes of the host. Humans came up with a anti-virus that necessitated the need for the "super-soldier". Very interesting.<br/><br/>Alien Space ships that contain all the "answers" and immense power: From the movie of course. Loved this. I wish they could have "taken us there" more. Aside from the movie, we only got a couple snip-its from then on. Important snip-its, but to rare.<br/><br/>The Cigarette Smoking Man (as much as we all loved to hate him): Wow, what a character. So much a part of things they gave him his own episode. 1947 throughout the end, he was hated by all, needed by many, and a friend at times when it suited him. As much as I love Muldur and Scully I don't think I could see the X-Files being as successful without this character.<br/><br/>Shadow Government(s): Loved the whole premise and how they wove it into the series. Also loved the reveal in "The Truth" that the very first Shadow Government was the Anasazi using Magnatite as protection. Pretty interesting.<br/><br/>Krycek: Poor Krycek.... man - did they slap this character around or what? Good guy/bad guy/good guy? Always fighting the invasion even though you never really knew what side he was on.<br/><br/>Gibson Andrew Praise: His presence and/or existence threatened everything; the Alien and Shadow government cover-up. Loved how a little boy was THE key in the fight for humanity as we know it.<br/><br/>Agent Diana Fowley (just love Mimi Rogers): Muldur's first partner, obviously didn't make the deep connection that Scully did. There to help when needed but corrupted in the end? <br/><br/>Skinner: Another great character. a doubter in the beginning and turned do the facts Mulder & Scully amassed over the years.<br/><br/>And of course the lone gunmen... loved every episode they were in. Sorry to see them go away.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed the ride. Kind of like going to a theme park. Some rides are the best. Those are the ones that make you ride all the not so good rides. The X-Files had it's ups and downs as all series do. But this combination of horror, drama and SCI-FI always had you wondering what was next. I'll miss being able to sit down in the evening, popping in the next DVD and following Mulder & Scully's quest for the truth.<br/><br/>Here's to hoping they make another movie and finish this thing right. We all need to know how Mulder & Scully stopped the alien invasion on Dec 22th, 2012 - or if they just pushed it off :-) Growing up I followed two series: Stargate SG-1 and the last seasons of the X-files. At the moment I loved both of them and thought they were the best series ever. Some nine years later I re watched the entire series in a pretty short period and I must say that despite the enormous progression in both CGI and make-up design The X-files still remains the best series ever made.<br/><br/>What is that makes it so strong? In short it is the interaction between the believer David Duchovny and the non-believer Gillian Anderson. I don't think that even though in the after match of the x-files many series have had the same unmatchable couple (that later turns out to be the best couple ever), there has been a series that has found two actors that have this kind of mind blowing effect on the viewers. <br/><br/>Each episode knows to surprise the viewer and knows just how to make him wonder what monster or mystery has turned up to terrify the neighborhood. It still surprises me that some episodes, even though I have grown up, continue to scare me. <br/><br/>That other strength the series has is that every time the season starts losing its pace or its quality, there is this one episode that reminds you of its geniality. <br/><br/>You should think that a series would lose its fastness after nine years and 201 episodes, but nothing is more false here. After having watched 201 episodes and two movies you just want to see another episode. The X- files left me wandering and looking for a new series, but even though others (like supernatural and fringe) have tried to reforge the sphere that was overall in the x-files, it must be said that no series has ever reached the same plane as this one.<br/><br/>In short I can't deny that after 201 episodes I do not want to believe, but I simple believe. First of all, let me say that i didn't first get involved with the X-Files until after the show ended. I'm only 16 so I wasn't exactly interested in the show's basic idea when the show was at its peak, me preferring laser guns next to an FBI badge. But last summer, I stumbled on a clip on Youtube.com and thought that the idea was very well done. First of all, the show actually plays on the ideas of extra terrestrials (sorry for spelling) and conspiracy theories that plague the thoughts of a lot of people. Next the added mystery that the threat Mulder and Scully face is usually in the shadows, we are usually seeing the threat for the first time at the same time as the agents do. I also think that the idea that only two characters are focused on is interesting. It is one of the few platonic relationships that stayed true for a very long time. Sure, there was that sexual tension that you could cut with a knife but they stayed professional and very good friends. They also threw a bone to the shippers out there, having a kiss here and there and then, finally, having them reunited at the series finale. It has inspired so much pop culture and the male and female team investigating unexplained phenomenon, not to mention mystery series with FBI agents as the stars. All in all, The X-Files is an incredible series that will really surprise you if you give it a chance. Sure it doesn't have laser guns and aliens with different prosthetics every other week, but it has movie like delivery, intricate plot lines and two characters who revolutionized the sci fi world. The Truth is Out There. I love saying that. This show has become one of my favorite shows that has crossed TV. Even though the show went off, I own all the seasons and I continue to watch them. Out of all the characters, I'd have to say my favorite character would be Fox Mulder due to his determination to find the truth and his attitude towards life. I happen to believe in the paranormal and supernatural myself because of the influence Fox Mulder has left me. Even though he's just a character on a TV show, it remains one of my heroes. If I had to choose my least favorite character, it would have to be Reyes because she seems like such a useless character. And I wouldn't mind her if they got a better actress to play her. <br/><br/>Anyway, the show starts off with Dana Scully assigned to Special Agent Fox Mulder of The X-Files. He believes she was sent to spy on him which in all cases that was true, she was sent in to debunk his work. She learns that Fox Mulder has an interesting past due to his sister being abducted by aliens and how it tore his family apart. But during the course of the seasons, they will have to depend on each other to survive and solve the cases that the government wants buried secret. If you are looking for an intelligent show and a well thought show, this is the show for you. <br/><br/>My top five favorite episodes would have to be Pilot because it's the first episode and it has such an fascinating story to it. My second favorite episode would have to be Little Green Men because it shows flashbacks of Mulder's sister being taken from aliens and it shows how far he will go to find her. My third favorite episode would have to be Grotesque because it shows the madness of trying to catch a serial killer and the atmosphere of the episode was amazing. My fourth favorite episode would have to be Musing's of a Cigarette Smoking Man because you gain insight into the Cigarette Smoking Man's past. My fifth favorite episode would have to be Three Words because Mulder comes back after getting abducted by aliens and he's back to find the truth. I know many of you would have already heard this before but The X Files truly is one of the most though provoking, inspirational television shows to have ever been created and directed (a big applause to Chris Carter!). I started watching the show when I was 11 years old (back in 1995) and to this day, still enjoy it immensely. Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are two of the greatest characters to have ever appeared on our screens and nothing will ever change my view on how this show has impacted my life. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny (two wonderful actors!) performed wonderfully in their roles as Scully and Mulder and I am a big fan of them both as I am of the show. To all the other X-files fans out there, I applaud you all for joining in following and making The X Files one of the most appreciated and dearly missed shows around! Thanks of course to Gillian, David, Chris, The other wonderful cast and crew and 20th century fox -- you are a inspiration to us all! Where do I start with a series like the X-Files? The layman thinks this is just some sci-fi show about conspiracies, aliens and monsters. That is a big part of it. But there is so much more to the X-Files. Initially, the intense drama and action is what drew me into the show. Lots of TV shows have action and are good TV shows. If the X-Files only had this, it would still be a good show, but not a great show. What made this TV series my favorite TV show ever, and why I think it is the best show ever written, are the two characters Fox Mulder and Dana Scullly. It is the dynamics between these two characters that makes this show so amazing. I love watching the witty and intelligent dialogue that is exchanged between these two. The care and concern that Mulder and Scully show for each other made me care for them both just as much. These two characters and how they were written is what made the X-Files so clever and intelligent. It wasn't just the monster and conspiracy stories. The ability to mix humor with the serious nature of the series captivated me. All of these factors together helped make the X-Files the best TV series of all-time. The X-Files, the pop culture and cult phenomenon that has been admired by fans all over the world. The basic premise is a seemingly crack genius profiler for the F.B.I. by the practically cliché' overdone name of Fox Mulder turned down a most promising career to focus his investigation abilities on the paranormal. Once the thought of him becoming a liability to the Beareu, a partner who was a devoted young scientist of reason was assigned to work with him and provide scientific credibility to his work. This partnership would span the length of 9 seasons. 9 years of a series that'd allow us to look up in the night sky and ask ourselves as well as others if we're alone in the universe. Though having an incredibly strong main myth-arc to the writing, it holds some of the most powerful, entertaining and compelling stand-alone episodes that would be remembered by fans as "Monster-of-the-week" and "Creature Feature" episodes. While current television programming aims more towards fast paced action or the complexity of the tragic teenage lives that surround us, The X-Files was something different. It allowed us to watch two estranged strangers evolve into one of the most moving partnerships in television history, and the entertainment of people delving into modern day urban myths and the slight crypt zoology. A definitive step out of the ordinary, as they were not just stories by a narrator or short films depicting different realms of the paranormal, but the story of one man's determination and his skeptic partner that followed the cause.<br/><br/>Apart from the writing and the characters, the series also dangled morals throughout that have stuck with many. What I've gathered from the show is the importance of following what we believe in and the value of friends.<br/><br/>I give the show 4/4, 5/5 and 10/10 stars. Every episode had excellent production values, though not quite every episode met its usual high standards of plot and characterization. Even the departure of the seemingly irreplaceable Mulder brought in the very worthy replacement of John Doggett (Monica Reyes, however, I could have done without). Over the years, we learned more about every character, from Skinner to Mulder's mom, and it made watching them a very rich experience. Though the handful of comedic episodes were extremely well handled, the almost palpable dark atmosphere of some of the episodes (for instance, the still-shocking Home) is haunting, lending a very real gravitas to the series that Lost just doesn't have. Though I am enjoying Lost. I have a soft spot in my heart for X-Files, however, because its portrayal of a smart, independent woman of science influenced my daughter to get her marine biology degree (she's now working on a master's). But when she was in high school, it was the one show we watched together. Every mother and daughter should have such an experience! I watched this show every week for its first four seasons without fail, but halfway into its fourth year I found it to be turning a little stale, and I stopped watching it as regularly. The shows 'Staleness" was due in part to the boring character interaction between Scully and Mulder, which ranges from "ho-hum" to headache inducing. What was fresh and original sounding back in the first few seasons, became ordinary snorefest dialog interrupted every so often with a terrific performance by the actor who portrayed the CSM(can't remember his name). But recently the show has improved a great deal, thanks in part to the addition of Robert Patrick, who is a far superior actor to David "The Mumbler" Duchovny. You will see what I mean in the first 5 minutes of "My Struggle" - An Iconic image is shown that was a staple of the show "Fringe". Of course, Darin Morgan worked on half of the first season of Fringe, so there were a lot of references to The X-Files in the first arc of that show, the 1st 10 episodes. But at least that show got to tell most of it's story over the five years it was on.<br/><br/>At first, when I heard about this "10th X-Files Season" I was pleased until I heard it was SIX EPISODES?. Most off-season shows get at least 8 or 10 before the Main shows come off Hiatus. Agent Carter was given at least 10 episodes this year, while we wait for Agents of SHIELD to come back in March.<br/><br/>Shows are not done the same way they were back in the early 90's where the Seasons started in September, and lasted until June. The Original Star Trek had 30 episodes in it's first season. Some of the cartoons of the 60's got maybe 60 episodes per year.<br/><br/>But the 90's was the decade of Star Trek: The Next Generation (26 episodes per season except for S2) and Syndication. But Fox had this gem called The X-Files that stood up to Trek nicely.<br/><br/>Because the same people who would go to Trek conventions would go to X-Files conventions. And for years, Chris Carter could do no wrong, he made money for Fox hand over fist. But they never gave any of his other shows as much support, especially Harsh Realm. I never was able to catch any more than 1 episode of that. And then The Lone Gunmen were yanked simply because their Pilot Ep was too much like what happened on 9/11.<br/><br/>But The X-Files endures and it seems like this year is the year for it. Because there are so many dark things happening, Chris Carter represents the people's voice in trying to understand why these things are happening. Through Carter, we can question our Lame Duck Senate that wasted most of it's time fighting the ACA. We can ask why are there so many people who would put gun rights over people's rights or of life itself? And it is because we, the people ask these questions, Fox is allowing Carter (and Mulder) to try to dig into these events.<br/><br/>So, I thought 6 episodes was pretty measly, but after seeing the Pilot, well it is not really a Pilot but the 1st episode of a 10th season. Hell, the basement looks exactly like it did when Dogget and Reyes saw it after it was cleared out in the last episode of S9.<br/><br/>After seeing this episode and seeing the VAST scope of resources Fox gave Carter in making this look good, I was less upset with the 6 episode thing. Because Fox is giving this their full financial backing and they are giving it good time-slots. And Fox always buries shows of this type in the Friday Night Death Slot, which killed Fringe. If Fringe could have run a few more years, and left in its original time-slot, it would have done well for Fox. If Firefly had been given a whole season and not had all of their episodes shown totally out of order. The same thing happened with Space:Above and Beyond.<br/><br/>What is unique about this, which was maybe why the 2nd X-Files feature "I want to believe" failed to please many people (I was pleased with it, but I am one of a very few)- Is that we finally have Morgan/Wong involved. Including Darin Morgan. It was this chemistry that they had with Carter that really worked well. The 2nd feature was Carter only, so while it was a great X-Files Crime story, that's all it was. Actually I am starting to believe that shows like The X-Files, episodic shows, shows that tell a story over time, do not work well as Feature films. I mentioned Star Trek, the Next Generation story was beloved on TV screens, but did not translate well to Features. As much as I liked them, that show had too many characters. The X-Files only has two characters that count, but the story is too complex for just one feature. Maybe if three X-Files movies were made all at once, it would work. But to get Fox to commit to that? That would be a miracle.<br/><br/>But as others have said, the FEEL is back. Now, I saw a few 1-*'s in here, well IMDb is filled with Trolls Don't ya know. What I saw last night was not a 1-star product.<br/><br/>Of course there are a few adjustments in the traditional Mythos stories, but I will have to watch all of these episodes before I see how Mulder is affected. Because as usual, he Wants to believe too much. And I think he was steered down the wrong path. We'll see. The X-Files in the 90's were interesting and enjoyable to watch. Had I rated the earlier seasons it would have been a 7. But when the series was revived at season 10, oh boy, it was terrible and absolute nonsense. Season 10 qualified for a rating of 2 only. Season 11 did not start much better. Some episodes are unwatchable but one or 2 episodes were of the old school and interesting. Just finished watching episode 9 and again, nothing in it. I hope the season ends soon and does end for good. A sad day having come this far and ending with a rating no higher than 4.<br/><br/>Good-bye Mulder and Scully your time is up. After reviewing the 5 episodes, I lost my will for further viewing this blatant scenarios and actions that border with childhood playgrounds and miles away from the opening seasons! Everything looks more like a parody about all sort of mysterious appearance, and some of it is also fairly blentful (a game of hangman), and especially to point out that every episode is completely for itself and whatever has happened improperly affects the new and everything go to beginning . Such a mess is difficult to describe and give a precise estimate of where everything went to hell and should have a longer text to cover it all, but for the end my impression is "look if you have nothing else", and forget the previous season if you were a loyal viewer ! Can someone tell me who ruined all X-files saga, all 9 seasons of true masterpiece with seasons 10 comedy? Did you see 10 season 3 series?, a reptile who becomes a man? Really? It was like they wanted to make a laugh from X-files and make a parody. First of all season 10 was the biggest disaster to the x-files, I was a huge fan of all 9 seasons... Super endings. Season 10 was nothing more then a complete failure to the fans, because series were very stupid, not logical. Smoking man wasn't needed anymore, his character William B. Davis is too old and all the plot is very wrong and not logical. Mulder needed just to finish his job exposing the conspiracy, but they began something foolish and started all over again. I was so disappointing with season 10 and 6 series that I just wanted to cry. ( not directly). I remember classy X-files with some questions, deeper thoughts, deeper scenarios, good actors. Chirs Carter, why did you took James Wong's, Darin Morgan's, Glen Morgan's, writing? Their writing was something terrible, It's like Carter had something mixed in his drink to hire these low experience writers, or Chris Carter just got old? Still, I will waiting for the truth to be found.. If I could give this a ZERO, I would.<br/><br/>This new "X-Files" is completely ludicrous, and it's mostly about attacking:<br/><br/>--Fox News/Bill O' Reilly --The fossil fuel industry --Republicans/conservatives --The "military-industrial complex"<br/><br/>Ohmygosh, in one monologue, a character goes on a psychotic rant where he wove:<br/><br/>--Corporations, especially pharmaceutical companies --The Patriot Act --The NSA --The USA Freedom Act<br/><br/>... into a global conspiracy by some unmentioned power to throw the world into chaos and ultimately conquer it.<br/><br/>This is completely disposable, so flush it and don't bother watching the subsequent episodes. I was inclined to agree with one or two of the tepid comments about the first episode - where various reviewers suggested Mulder and Scully seemed: 'asleep at the wheel' The X Files were though, always meant to be a slow burn and I think it was very fair of Chris Carter to bring potential new viewers 'into the picture' (let's face it, it IS fourteen years or so since The X Files closed shop) with Mulder's monologue in Episode One.<br/><br/>Sit back quietly; watch Episode One and it will surely GRAB YOU so that it is impossible not to NEED to see what happens next. Episode Two is a killer - it gets you by the neck and doesn't let go. You are inevitably HOOKED and (a) can't wait for Episode Three and (b) experience the dread of what is to come after Episode Six. (THERE HAS TO BE A SERIES 11)<br/><br/>Mulder and Scully have aged gracefully over these best forgotten fourteen years. They are relevant; on the mark and still perfect in The X Files. Long may they reign. (American television just does not get better than this, in terms of bringing back to life one of its best series ever.) The first episode went beyond my expectations,using all the post 9/11 events that happened in our world to construct a new conspiracy theory was very well placed and "Cancer-Man" behind everything was awesome. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson were great and how there relationship has evolved gives a different tone to the series. Even elements from Roswell incident gives that extra spice to this new season.Also credit should given to Joel McHale playing the money hungry reporter that proves to be a great asset to the series.If they are gonna keep this up for the rest of the episodes we will looking to see one of the best seasons of the X-files. Tonight's premiere was great. I can't wait for Monday's episode and the rest of the new season. After a 13 year break or as Chris Carter calls it, a 13 year commercial break, The X-Files finally surfaces with an extremely contemporary reality, maybe a bit too contemporary. The Show references its relationship storyline that was in I WANT TO BELIEVE film, and we also get to see AD Skinner who somehow is still assistant director all these years. No promotion. WOW. <br/><br/>Noticeably is the show's age with its characters and the actors, which it's a good thing because it ain't the 90s anymore or early 2000s for that matter, so don't be expecting Mulder and Scully to be in their 30s and 20s. It ain't happening.<br/><br/>This new episode has all the trademarks that made the X Files great: the iconic theme/ title sequence, Virgina location, cliffhangers, cinematic lighting and camera moves, and CSM, who i can't believe is still alive, especially after the ending in THE TRUTH PART II. Come on! Really?! Fine, I want to believe...too. If you love the X Files, you'll love its return. <br/><br/>However, the one thing that i hate about this new X-Files is the "VIDEO LOOK" that it has like so many other TV Shows. It appears like a "SOAP OPERA" or an "EXPENSIVE VIDEO SHORT" and it makes everything look fake. I wish they had shot it on FILM the way they did for TEN YEARS! It grounded the show in reality and it truly made me believe. This new one...not so much. <br/><br/>CHRIS CARTER! please shoot the next season on 35mm FILM, please. STOP SHOOTING ON ULTRA HD VIDEO! IT LOOKS FAKE! Thank You. OMG it was perfect! Incredible! They're back! It's back and better than ever! Wow! What an ending to the first ep. I'm totally bouncing off the walls. I thought the acting might be offbeat or out of step, but g-damn! Everyone was right back in at the top of their game! There were a very small, tiny handful of lines that were a little weak but the other %98 was spot on. So close to a perfect 10 but I am so excited they achieved a 9 in my eyes. I want to go running down the street yelling X-Files is back after that first ep.<br/><br/>All I can hope for now is strong filler eps. I know they're coming; I'm not gonna hate. But the acting and the writing is a lot more mature now. Im just hoping they have a feel that is a lot less R.L 'Goosebumps' or cheesy 'Supernatural.' Speaking of more exp. Scully still 'got it' lookin great.<br/><br/>Mulder's lookin nice and seasoned and Mchail.. it's the guy from The Soup and Jeff Winger from Community (which I love). He seems a tad out of place on the show. I love him, hes great.. but it's like Adam Sandler trying to take on a serious role like Tom Hanks in Bridge Of Spies (which I did not see but the trailer looked pretty serious).<br/><br/>I respect McHail trying to stretch out into different roles and types of characters.. but for now, he seems a bit out of place(he was 'on-point' though, kudos there). Im sure we'll get used to him as time goes on. I'm not upset about his casting at all, but it does feel kinda weird. Again, we'll give it a few more eps. But lets be honest, with how they started the first ep of S10.. they done bought me right out for the whole season.<br/><br/>Skinner's back, everyone is back! Im .. I just couldn't be happier to see them all again. Thank you show writers, creators, directors and actors. TY so very much for coming back. The X-Files is without a doubt, the best television show ever created. Newer shows like CSI, Cold Case, Supernatural, etc. just can't match up to the brilliance of this series. This long running FOX drama lasted nine seasons (and one film, and another one is in the works) and focused on the exploits of FBI Agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny), Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), John Doggett (Robert Patrick) and Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish) and their investigations into the paranormal. From genetic mutant freaks, poltergeists, psychics, and mythological beasts to a global conspiracy concerning the colonization of our planet by an alien race, this mind-boggling and occasionally terrifying series created by TV master Chris Carter has been one of the world's most popular sci-fi/drama shows since its debut in late 1993. It began with mere alien abductions, then it grew into the abduction of Scully, the numerous attacks of an alien bounty hunter, the discovery of the projects of alien/human hybrids and the black oil virus, the mysterious alien artifacts, the mysterious Jeremiah Smith, deadly experiments by Russian conspirators, the faceless alien rebels (how the heck could they have seen where they walking?!?), the mysteries of the legendary Area 51,and of course the super soldiers. Can you tell me that you have ever seen something more imaginative than this? I doubt it. With so many TV series reboots turning out to be less than stellar, I did not allow myself get my hopes up for the now 20 year older team of Mulder & Scully. Wow, I was stunned at how Chris Carter did not miss a step in making this show relevant to our paranoid world of today. A very rare occurrence is keeping me glued to the screen for the entire program. X-Files did that and left me wishing the next episode was aired the same night; it simply ended too soon.<br/><br/>It's good to see A.D. Skinner back but, if I'm not mistaking, smoking man died at the end of season 7. I am certain the writers did not overlook that and there is an X-Files worthy explanation for his continued existence as the story unfolds.<br/><br/>If the rapid pace of the first episode continues, this show is bound to have a great second run. to most of people nowadays story about secret agent, government conspiracy, flying saucers or little green men or grey so they say is little boring, there are many movies or TV series provide us with that but none of that as thick as X-files. I've been watching this since I was a kid and by 2015 when I saw the first trailer it brings back the memories of how the excitement of watching the escapade of a believer and skeptic with the interferences of shady group, others think this just a TV series but for a fan this is just like T-800 said in terminator "I'm back!" they are back and guess what, the truth is definitely still out there! Fantastic and still watching in 2020 - the show had everything - 217 Episodes low point was definitely David Duchovny leaving the show for a season "Abduction" and getting Robert Patrick in as Doggetr not saying he isn't a great actor but the show was always Mulder and Scully simple as that and not having either of them on the show is not The X Files X-Files is the real masterpiece of the good sci-fi series.<br/><br/>But if you look through the 10 and 11 season, you'll definitely find how a greed for money could ruin the great series<br/><br/>It became a comedy with no mystic spirit at all. So if you want to see the real X-files and have a real satisfaction of the series, just finish it on the episode of Season 9.<br/><br/>Movies are optional, but not necessarily to watch. The best TV show ever about the paranormal and government coverups to hide the 'truth' from the public. There are standalone episodes along with the mythological storytelling arc. It never gets dull. In fact, it is a breath of fresh air to go back to watching these episodes from time to time. David Duchovny does a fantastic job playing the wily FBI special agent Fox Mulder in pursuit of the truth while Gillian Anderson steps into the character of FBI agent Dana Scully to give logical explanations and scientific credibility to Mulder's pursuit of the paranormal. The chemistry between the two is like a metamorphosis evolving into a deep understanding and mutual respect for each other as the show progresses from season to season. The show was popular and inspired two X Files movies as well. If you have not watched this, I highly recommend adding this show to top of your watch list. To not watch it is equivalent to turning your back to an ocean of wonder. They are just awful. But the old series was one of the first shows which really tied me to the TV. I'm going to make this short and sweet for those who are looking for a quick review to push them over to a side if they are on the fence about "The X-files". I consider myself to be one of the lucky few because I just recently started this series. It's the year 2015. This show has been off the air for quite some time. I consider myself to be so lucky because I am still experiencing the shock and awe that only The X-files can deliver like they did back between 93-02. The writing, acting, scenery, practically everything overall is superb. Watching it in 2015 gives it that sort of early 90s nostalgia where imagination was required and CGI wasn't as widely used. The stars were aligned perfectly. This show came out exactly when it needed to and its still making a statement to audiences, like myself. No matter your age, race, gender, or media likes and dislikes, you owe it to yourself to stop missing out and experience the one and only " X-files ". You will not regret it. The most gripping and exciting conspiracy based TV series I have ever seen. Scully & Mulder duo is perhaps the best TV couples in FBI history. Though the movies are disappointing and fall way short of expectation, the TV series depicts a masterful direction and performance. The entire cast justifies their inclusion in the show. "The truth is out there" - has become a revolutionary tagline, not to mention the wonderful character names like "The Cigarette Smoking Man" & "Deep Throat". The show has an amazing ability to keep the audience on the edge of their seats with all the wonderful quotes (my favorite: to predict he future is to invent it). Wonderful scripts along with great FX and soundtrack by Mark Snow makes a show one of the best ones of all times. This is the greatest show ever. The fifth season was just magnificent. It was a great experience. The myth-arc was outstanding. It's complex and really confusing. Even CSM was confused. You can really hook up to the characters of Mulder and Scully. Chemistry between them was great.<br/><br/>The series wasn't as good in it's few last seasons as the first ones. But still it was greater than most of the other shows. Definitely, moving from Canada to LA was the reason for this. Not only it caused the show to loose it's dark atmosphere, it also lost half of the original crew.<br/><br/>But still I call it the greatest show ever. As a cult show only Star Trek can surpass it. But the thing is X files is better than it. In the 80's people were really optimistic about future and technology. The reason for Star Trek's optimism was this. In the 90's certain issues surfaced. There was concern over how technology is used. Unethical experiments like cloning took place. Men tried and still try to be gods. This is what the X files talks about. It does it in a wonderful way. The Norwegian tag line for this show is "You don't believe it, until you see it" (sounds cool in Norwegian) and that's a good way to sum up this show.<br/><br/>X files follows the FBI agents Mulder and Scully. They are assigned to the X files; cases that deals with paranormal phenomenon.<br/><br/>This show is probably the best sci-fi / horror show there is, if not the best show there is! The effects are, most of the time, very good and the stories are unbelievable, yet made believable in an incredible way. The characters and their actors are good. Duchovny and Andreson really are Mulder and Scully. It's like the first thing you do after watching it is to reach for the encyclopedia to see if some of the things mentioned in the episode actually is for real. It can be places, persons or events. Is it real or is it just one of Mulders theories? I believe X files is one of the best shows ever. There have and will never be another show quite like it. It holds a special place in TV history. Everybody has heard about it and everybody knows what it's about even if they have never seen it. This is one of those shows you just must see. I am ashamed to say I started to watch the X-Files while they started to run the Conspiracy episodes from Season 1 'till Season 7 a few years ago. It's even sadder that more shows such as this aren't on air at the moment.<br/><br/>I can't even begin to explain what an incredible work of art it is. I used to assume it was stupid science fiction/alien garbage but I sat down and watched one episode first on space station and sadly it the episode that answers all questions to the disappearance to Mulder's sister Samantha. The episode was called Closure. It was a 2 parter. Great episode. Caught my attention right away. So I started to watch every episode from Season 1 and up.<br/><br/>David Duchovny's character is not your typical badass, in fact, in many ways what makes his character so lovable is that he's just an average guy just like all of us who if pushed enough can tick.<br/><br/>Gillian Anderson is awesome as his sidekick Dana Scully, who specializes in science and medicine to try to reason out Mulders work in medical terms.<br/><br/>All the characters from Assistant Director Skinner, to Cigarette Smoking Man, Alex Krycek, Deep Throat, to Mr. X, they're all so well done. A lot of thought went into each episode. You may notice the show starts getting old around the Series Finale but if you're a fan, you can't complain.<br/><br/>I just started buying all the season on DVD again and I just finished watching all of Season 4 and can't wait to relive everything all over again.<br/><br/>This for me is the best show i've seen on television. the most beautiful movie of the year!... and Gillian Anderson gave her best to make the movies perfect. For me she is the best actress in Hollywood and also David Duchonvy, they has a good chemistry that's why the movies is perfect!!... I really love it and I wish they're will have the x-files 2. it is almost perfect specially the scene in the Atlantic it looks real!!!...you can see how Mulder gave his best to save Scully. You can feel passion in the movie in the scene when Scully try quit in the x-files and how Mulder convince her not to quit. It's so nice that Mulder will do anything to make Scully believe that they can win if they trust on what they believe. the writer do his best job, Cris Carter has a golden mind I'm so amaze that he can do a movies like the x-files. Because when you read the script it was complicated because the Government is involve and you have to research about the alien thing. I remember it well. It was early spring of March 1995, and I would have been twelve at the time. I was talking to a casual acquaintance of mine named Dean during woodwork class. He was raving on and on about a fantastic programme that he had seen a few episodes of on BBC2 (obscure British channel that show very marginal things.) The premise of the show, he explained, was that two FBI agents were assigned to work on cases that defied rational classification; that involved ghosts, poltergeists, aliens and other such weirdness, and were filed as the X-files. It was shown on Tuesday nights, which was coincidentally that very night, and so I thought: Well what have I got to lose. Sure enough, 9pm comes around and I flick on the tinny television in the corner of my room. 45 minutes later and I am curled up in the foetal position, rocking back and forth and gibbering with delight. I had just seen the most intelligent, dynamic and downright terrifying show I ever had or ever will watch, and the next day at school me and Dean signed a kind of pact that we would watch the show for as long as BBC2 cared to show it. What made this extra-special was that this was 'our thing.' No-one else had heard of it, and it defined our friendship. Although the show eventually became massively popular, it still contains sacred bites of my childhood, such as the episode with the luminescant green bugs that are only visible at night - that was truly terrifying. I also owe the X-files the greatest 3 weeks of entertainment of my life - the three-parter involving the underground box cars and the secret mine with "files, lots of files." When was that - 1997? Oh how the years fly by. Things change, and though me and Dean became and stayed the best of friends we eventually stopped watching the show and moved on to better things. I think it became too confusing in the end, and to understand it all you needed to know relevant bytes from every episode. I think it would be better if it could remain as the kooky, edgy show it was in the early years - that's the way it will remain perfect in my memory. I have watched this show since 1993 and it has been consistently good. There have been bad episodes obviously but overall I have really enjoyed myself. It has remained fresh over the years and there have been plenty of twists and turns.<br/><br/>Throughout this series the only good guys seemed to be Mulder and Scully. No-body else could be trusted. Potential allies turned out to be villains and potential enemies turned out to be allies. There have been so many great episodes it would be hard to recommend one.<br/><br/>Duchovny and Anderson have had great chemistry on screen and have brought out the best in each other. The supporting cast such as Mitch Pileggi have also excelled. We've met many interesting characters and have been shocked and surprised at the same time.<br/><br/>When I heard there was going to be a season 8 of the X-Files I wondered whether things could be kept as fresh as they had been during the last 7 seasons. I was also skeptical about Robert Patrick as Doggett. However, after watching the first several episodes of season 8 I knew that the X-Files had a lot more mileage left. Having Robert Patrick join the cast kept things fresh.<br/><br/>It's been a great nine years and I really do wish that this show could last forever. Even though it won't last forever, there are plenty of memories to last a lifetime. I have nothing but praise for everyone involved in the X-Files since 1993. I am an X-Philes fan.  Chris Carter is a pure genius, absolute genius.  I can't wait until the 7th season starts (nov. 7th 4 all of you who want 2 know). It's just a shame that it's the last.  Can't wait for the new movie either.  David Duchovny-gotta love him.  Gillian Anderson-very great actress. Chris Carter, happy b-day!!!!  Keep the series alive!!!<br/><br/>10:13-if you know what I mean!!! I believe some commentors are a little too harsh and critical of The X-Files.  It's amazing to me that if someone could think so low of the show or not like the direction it's going in, that they, for some reason or other, continue to watch it.  But, to each his own, right?<br/><br/> To be truthful, I haven't always watched the X.  As a matter of fact, it wasn't until the movie came out, that I realized that the storyline was amazing, and from there, I had to play catch-up with the prior seasons.  I did continue to watch the show til its end in 2002.  I have to say, I can agree with the comments that it changed over the years, but honestly, I'm not the same person I was nine years ago, so change is to be expected.<br/><br/> It was an amazing show, with a great cast of characters and storylines. There has really never been anything on television like The X-Files, and I think it will go down in history as being one of the best shows to grace the airwaves. Wow - what was this? Well it certainly had aliens, UFOs, conspiracies and Mulder and Scully, but it definitely wasn't The X-files. Now don't take me as someone who just wants to criticize a new show - The original X-files is one of my all time favorite shows. A show I in retrospect personally think was groundbreaking, and a show where the best of its seasons and episodes, still holds up to the best of modern series today. So far this this reboot, seems to throw all that away, in favor of making a quick buck on the love and cult-following that the original legendary show always had.<br/><br/>After a somewhat okay promising short introduction and a nostalgic return of the classic intro and theme, we are thrown into a way too fast paced mess of constantly changing scenes, atmospheres, character "introductions", quick underdeveloped dialog, mediocre CGI, plot-threads and plot-twists and bad acting. It almost felt like I watched a poor mans fast-edit of an entire season, trimmed down to 45 minutes for a Youtube recap of a season.<br/><br/>At no time are you given time to breath, or sink in the experience. No time is given for atmosphere, vibes or ambiance. The mystery, drama and speculations left for the viewers imagination, that the old show did so well, is all but gone. The show is actually so fast paced that the ongoing music-tracks often just keeps playing, while the scenes are changing. Mulder and Scully are hardly introduced, or given any deeper background stories for all the time passed, before they are raving about saving the world. And new and old characters are just showed in from nowhere, without setting up any actual introductions or explained reasons for meeting them. An old main character like Skinner, is just suddenly standing and talking to Mulder, instead of setting up an atmospheric long awaited reunion.<br/><br/>The old show also could be quite scary and intense some times, especially in the scenes involving aliens or the paranormal - the new show tries to do a scene like this, with a girl in a car, but this reaches its climax within a minute, way before most well directed similar scenes, would even indicate that something bad is about to happen.<br/><br/>Well I guess I could go on and on about some of the lesser problems (like the bad acting, inter-explaining dialog for the viewers, Mulder and Scullys sudden loss of chemistry together, or the overcompensating modern take on the whole conspiracy/alien-plot). But the main problem with this show, or at least its pilot, is mostly its terrible tempo, pacing, editing and lack of atmosphere and mystery. So far, it really seems more like a show geared for Ritalin/smart-phone addicted kids, with attention spams for up to 5 minutes, than for fans of the moody and intelligent original show.<br/><br/>I really hope that the series will get better, more grounded and atmospheric, and this pilot mostly had just had to feel rushed, to get everything sat up again. I will probably keep giving it a chance for its entire season, but unfortunately I now have my serious doubts that I'm in for any positive surprise- which really is quite a shame, when you take The original X-files legendary status and influence into account. It's the best DocuDrama on UFO subject EVER ! It's the painful truth. It's right in our face.<br/><br/>I've been studying the subject since the 1970s, the Erich Von Daniken - chariots of the gods era, trying to find the needle in the haystack of UFOs truth.<br/><br/>The X-Files S10E01 connected ALL the needles in all the haystacks i have ever known !<br/><br/>I'm shocked, amazed, thrilled and frightened.<br/><br/>I do hope this season will truly wake up people around the world.<br/><br/>Huge thanks for this amazing series. OK they have made a few very obvious mistakes which I'd like to take the time to point out. The casting was of course good because it brought back the people who made the show great however the people themselves have changed and that's part of the problem. Back in the day Mulder was lost one and driven by the unknown itself, and the whole point there was to make it like he was going to find something that we didn't know. Now he knows exactly what he's looking for and he just became a doomsday nut. Not a great direction. Skully on the other hand was strictly scientific and there to balance him out. Once again this has changed, having a job as a doctor is not the same as taking a scientific approach in your investigations which she doesn't do. She seems to have wondered into the melancholy part of her life over the loss of child which we've heard almost nothing about as well.<br/><br/>Now beyond those observations here are the real problems. One, they keep calling each other Mulder and Skully every couple of minutes like they'll forget who they are if they don't. No matter who you are that's just bad writing. Two, they seem to be skipping around between what any rational person can only conclude is multiple story lines, and it's entirely unclear where they came from and where they're going. It makes the show seems broken, and unhinged. Finally the biggest mistake they made is taking a show that specialized in mystery and making it a jigsaw version of one, they've made it to the point of where even long time fans who understood to a degree what they were shooting for are now hopelessly confused about what is going on. 5/10 only because I respect the actors for trying. Episode 1 was disappointing but it did have a slight glow of the old series during the final segments that lead into Episode 2 airing in the form of Wong's, Founder's Mutation. This episode was superb illustrating a genre that is unique to the X-Files series. Founder's Mutation opened possibilities that are both believable and refreshing and in tune with the reality of the times. For example, Wong did a great job of meshing a "Monster of the Week" type of episode within the context of Mulder and, especially Scully's, back history while slowly building a bridge between the old mythology and the modern day context of the revival. It made me "want" to look forward to Feb. 1st. and that is what good writing should do. They are really back! As a guy who has never followed the original X-files but i watched more than a bunch before, I'd say the Pilot in here went really fine and surprisingly so much better than i expected.<br/><br/>The story and the plot is easily followable even if it is your first time watching the show, they explain everything with a fast yet organized throwback, the script seems to really having a great potentials with new story each episode (like most Sci-Fi shows) and mysterious new faces with new secrets.<br/><br/>I'v noticed a couple of times in the pilot that Mulder Maybe is trying to make it clear that forget about the last seasons this something new, this is a new conspiracy, which is good for me again as i didn't follow the last series that much but i don't know how the show "lovers" would feel about it ;)<br/><br/>As for the cast, well lets be honest David Duchovny is more than 13 years older than the last time we've seen him on the show, and for me i was used to seeing him with that witty, careless, snarky character in Californication so here he's well the total opposite but still he has that factor of "follow me , and keep it up" so you can't stop yourself waiting for his next move... Gillian Anderson is back too .. and generally the whole cast look original and fit the story of the "X-files" perfectly.<br/><br/>also if you noticed too, the special effects are much better than 13 years ago ;) so that was noticeable in the cinematography part, so we'd expect a much more realistic freaks and much more thrilling explosions.<br/><br/>Finally as a "new series" overall i am down with it and already going to follow it week by week as it has shown so much potentials and it reminded me of "Fringe" which was also a big hit.<br/><br/>so good luck for Fox, even though they don't need it , they're not new at this :D Back in the 90's if you weren't able to see the episode or record it, you missed out - so most of my X Files viewing was sporadic. I'm so glad SBS on Demand had the entire series. I've spend the covid19 isolation watching it from start to finish and I appreciate what an awesome show! Great directors, writers and cast it had! I remember back when Mulder was gone and I didn't watch anymore after that. What a shame!! The duo of Monica and John who stepped in was actually really good. Of course it wasn't the same as Fox and Dana but they had some chemistry and I think they filled that gap really well. Transitioning to seasons 10 and 11 and the fact that everyone was older I personally felt was brilliant. There was the perfect amount of humor and old school x file characters and story to keep it going. I have no complaints and I enjoyed the show way more than I expected. I'm sure most people did but can't just say Well Done for what ever reasons. I coped a ton of flak from friends and family for watching it but stuff them, it was awesome!
Got the ring tone after only season 2... yeah I went there! Carter created arguably the best science fiction series in television history. This series has excellent direction, writing, special effects, cinematography, settings, score and acting. The entire cast delivers perfect portrayals of their characters throughout the entire series. Duchovny and Anderson are phenomenal. They created two of the most memorable characters in television history. The plot revolves around two investigators with much different styles, but who also compliment eachother perfectly. There is the conspiracy theorist Mulder and the realist Scully. Together they are assigned the task of solving cases ranging from UFO's, the supernatural, alternate universes and every other unbelievable scenario. These cases are known as the "X-Files". The government views the investigators resulting reports to be outlandish and false. However this never stops Mulder and Scully from trying to prove, "the truth is out there". The plots are mind bending, clever, funny, quirky, creative, memorable and extremely unique. This series is a masterful work of art and resonates with fans, old and new, to this day. It is the very best in it's genre. Or at least that's what, "I want to believe". As a kid, I watched occasional episodes of this cult series now and then, and I could say I liked it, but without continuity, I could not get the right impression, nor did it matter to me then. As they decided to revive it, I decided to watch it properly.<br/><br/>"The X-Files" is an SF mystery-thriller based on unresolved FBI cases that in one way or another involve extraterrestrial life. Some episodes deviate from this template and deal with other supernatural and unexplained phenomena, but the series as a whole concentrates on the relationship of two agents, one of which believes in extraterrestrial intelligence, while the other is a skeptic, believing only in scientifically proven facts. Among them, of course, there is strong chemistry, but they persistently remain only partners, and over time friends, which further boosts the power of stories.<br/><br/>Gillian Anderson is quite antipathic to me personally, but I admit that I can not imagine any other actress in that role. On the other hand, the majority of the audience identifies actor David Duchovny with the character of Fox Mulder and for years I was convinced that in every other role he would always be Mulder to me. Until the series "Californication" appeared, in which the character of Hank Moody completely wiped out any identification with "The X-Files". This is one of my favorite series, and Hank Moody is definitely my favorite television character, so when I started to rewatch "The X-Files", I was surprised how easily he became Agent Mulder again. This level of credibility and commitment to such different roles made him one of my favorite actors.<br/><br/>From today's perspective, the series is quite outdated, but in its time it fascinated both with originality and special effects extremely imaginative and quality for the television budget. But what gave it the greatest strength to achieve the high tension and even horror effect, is the motto of its creator Chris Carter, which I used as the title for my review. There is no such technology, such budget, and such special effects that can be measured in the intimidation of the audience with the imagination of the viewer. A hint of horror will always achieve a stronger effect than explicitly shown alien or monster, which in most cases, however well-done, only weaken the credibility of the situation and turn terrifying into ridiculous, or miserable. I must also mention the fantastic music by Mark Snow. "The X-Files" theme is one of the best out there. It's spooky and mysterious and it echoes deep into space, like the music itself is trying to reach distant worlds.<br/><br/>So far, I saw the first season and I'm not particularly thrilled, but, if I remember correctly, the series keeps getting better. For now, I'm rating it<br/><br/>7/10 Overall, X-Files remains a classic late night watch for me, whenever, wherever. I'll make this brief so here it goes.(I'm sorry if my bullet points mess up in the formatting)<br/><br/>-Great acting and chemistry between David and Gillian. -Excellent writing with a slow, but enticing plot. -Original plot twists throughout the series. -Good supporting actors throughout the series, many famous actors too playing small roles (Before blowing up) -Greatsuspense, occasional thrills. -The entire show is original, and wellwritten regarding researched events. -Conspiracy, a seemingly open minded show. And not entirely unreasonable points but thats my opinion. -Great mixing of historical events with fiction.--- Once again, making it uniquely original. -Great character development! Creates a deep emotional connection with the viewer -Again, Humor mixed with thrills. Profoundly, and remarkably fun episodes. <br/><br/>I could go on with these bullet points of why I love the show, but I am bound to repeat myself and draw this review out for too long. <br/><br/>So take it for what it is. I would definitely recommend it, I don't know of many, if anyone, who can say it's not a stupefying show. <br/><br/>Enjoy, it's ribbed for your pleasure........ ..... . .... ... . The X-Files is absolutely incredible it is the best television show I have ever seen. Agent Fox Mulder is the glue that held this show together and is really every ones hero, he is the person every man wants to be. Agent Dana Scully who is is so strong, loyal and interdependent but at the same time so beautiful and kind, is every mans dream woman, I think it goes without saying Agent Dana Scully is the desirable woman who ever lived. I would really like a third movie or even a tenth season but I guess its all down to Twentieth Century Fox, I understand that Fox doesn't think that it will get enough views because it hasn't been on television for so long and the last movie wasn't a hit, but I think it will, just think of the publicity it would get if 'The X-Files 3' or 'The X-Files- Season 10' got out! Either way this show was and, in my eyes, always will be the greatest television show ever. If You have lived in the 90'S then you surely must have know what X-files is , even those people who dint watch the show knew what it was about...it was such a popular show , a CULT phenomenon which redefined the way we watch Television ...it Took TV viewing to whole new level and No other show has able to reach that level Bar which X-files created !! This show had everything from Good writing,good script,Best acting and The Loyal Fan base around the world, for me SCULLY and mulder's Chemistry was the best and they are definitely the best TV on screen couple EVER !! there is never a DULL moment in the show, this show not only shows just Aliens and all sorts of Monsters but also gives Proper Scientific explanations to such Phenomenon Which makes it truly great so many great shows have been inspired by the X-files all Crime drama or Conspiracy sitcoms like ALIAS, CSI , SUPERNATURAL, FRINGE, LOST etc all these shows have been inspired from the X-files X-FILES has won numerous Awards from GOLDEN GLOBES , EMMY Awards to PEABODY awards....X-FILES was also featured in " TIMES 100 Greatest shows of all time " and came 2nd in the " TV Guide's 50 Greatest Cult shows of all time " just behind Star Trek This is one Classic which everyone Must watch !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The X-Files was an original, thought-provoking show that managed to grow from a cult favorite to an international phenomenon by two very important assets: terrific writing and an unmatched team made up of two polar opposites. This show proves that opposites do attract; together, Mulder and Scully are better than what they would have been alone. The plots simply back up this common theme, while also establishing what the X-Files were-scary, daring, unique. Intertwining mythology and stand-alones with the characters, The X-Files is an instant TV classic, sci-fi or not. Mythology set the stage for some great emotional episodes (i.e. "Memento Mori"). The stand-alones were individual brilliances. They strengthened the different beliefs of Mulder and Scully: Mulder was the first to believe in the supernatural, while Scully provided a more scientific explanation. And this is one of the achievements of the series: that despite their differences, Mulder and Scully trust each other without judgment. That's a joy of watching the entire show all the way through-we see the slow progression of the tight-knit relationship between Mulder and Scully. Immediately, there is a respect for each other, and as the series continues, that respect fades into an unbreakable trust. Their dynamic bond fuels the series, and supports the plots of the various episodes. And we see that they love each other-whether romantically or as great friends. Mulder and Scully sacrifice many things for each other: Mulder sacrifices his quest to save Scully, and Scully sacrifices a life away from work to help Mulder. Not only were Mulder and Scully fantastic, but we had the Cigarette Smoking Man, a multifaceted, mysterious villain; Skinner, the assistant director who shows his devotion to Mulder and Scully by risking his career and his life (the most underrated character in the series); and the Lone Gunmen, who were entertaining and helpful, more than anything. Watching Mulder and Scully mature and being tested both physically and emotionally is the real reason for watching. Most of the episodes were well-written; some classic stand-alones like "Ice," "Beyond the Sea," "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose," "Wetwired," "Small Potatoes," "Bad Blood," and "Triangle," all proved what the series was: versatile. It could one week make you laugh, thanks on part to David Duchovny's clever wit, and the next scare the pants off of you. The classic mythologies like "Duane Barry," "Anasazi," "Paper Clip," "Memento Mori," etc added layers to the series and provided excellently written emotional episodes for Mulder and Scully (i.e. "One Breath," and "Memento Mori"). These episodes were some of sci-fi television's finest-thrilling, chilling, and altogether cool. All in all, The X-Files was a landmark series in the science fiction genre, proving that you can combine mythology and stand-alones well and also providing a strong female character that continues to influence today's shows. X-Files inspired countless future shows, most notably Lost and Fringe. Mulder and Scully were fascinating, imperfect characters that made you root for them-for them to find the truth, and for them to remain the best of friends throughout all hardships. There will never be a show quite like X-Files ever again. What else can I say? This series,which had a nine-year run on FOX,was something a little hard to narrow down:was it a conspiracy show,with its numerous links and clues to a shadowy government cover-up involving(Among other things)extra-terrestrials? Is it a show dealing with investigating the paranormal and/or unexplained? Is it a Sci-Fi drama that is actually using the element of suspense to cloak an intelligent explanation of phenomena? Or was it a Thriller/Horror program,steeped in the seemingly ordinary world of dull,drab and gray people and institutions(well,mostly just the FBI)? The answer could be...all of them,or none of them. But whatever your reply,if you cared to watch more than an episode or two of it,you'd have to admit that it had a cool,smart,edgy quality that was hard to resist.<br/><br/>You probably know the story,but here goes anyway: Deep in the bowels of the FBI is the eponymous department,which is so abandoned and lightly regarded,it consists of basically two agents: quiet,quirky,emotionally-scarred believer in anything "out there" Fox MUlder(David Ducovny,able to finally go mainstream after years of soft-core movies and direct-to-video fare to that point)and soft-spoken,rational,medically-trained and religious DAna Scully(GIllian Anderson,who would slowly develop over the series run). They counter-balance each other's moves and,over the course of most of the show's run,begin to have extra-ordinary(And often disturbing)encounters with elements both explained and un. Supervised by somewhat-skeptical but supportive Skinner(Mitch PIleggi),the duo encounter their fair share of resistance and aid from a number of sources from within and outside. BY season eight,Ducovny wanted out of the show,hence the introduction of agents Doggett(Robert PAtrick)and Reyes(Annabeth Gish),and the show's rationale for why this character went where and why became strained,but it still maintained a generally creepy,entertaining quality that kept it afloat. Creator Chris Carpenter was(still is)not only a brilliant and keen crafter of fiction and lore,but also a very shrewd seller of the franchise--spin off series "Millenium" and "The Lone Gunmen" rightly drew cult followings in their short runs,and the 1998 X-Files movie was a reasonably successful creation--and has created something in fictional realms could be considered a monster. A show that has launched countless chat-rooms,web-sites,fan fictions and theories,the biggest accomplishment of this show(to me,anyway)remains its ability to still be largely fertile and entertaining. It is unfortunate that I became a fan of this series 8 years after it was created. I look at TV these days with disappointment and boredom most of the time since most television drama series/movies deal with one of three genres: law, medicine, or science fiction. At first glance, The X-Files would seem to fit into this trend. However, its uniqueness is that it fits into all three of these categories plus a fourth and most important one: human imagination. This is what makes The X-Files one of the most intelligent and most important shows on television today. After all of these years, it is still one-of-a-kind. It forces us to think, to imagine, and to hope. I can't say that about too many other shows at the present time.<br/><br/>I have heard several complaints from many people about the past few years of this show: The writing seems to have deteriorated, the loss of David Duchovny hurt the show, one never seems to find out anything from the show (and on the opposite end, we've found out too much from the show), and it has worn out its welcome. I disagree with all of these. The writing is as good as ever (This year had excellent shows; check out Redrum, This Is Not Happening, and the two-part season finale for a peek.). David Duchovny leaving the show may be a blow to fans, but I think Robert Patrick has done a terrific job in stepping in so late in a series. The acting is as good on that show as it has ever been. As for what we have learned from the show, I think that if one expects to be content with knowing why things that happened on the show happened, he is missing one of the major points of the show. The show is half the story; your imagination is the rest. Chris Carter has found that happy medium ground of saying enough but not too much. And I for one should be proof that the show has not been on too long. It is still finding fans (old and new). Those of you who have shied away from the show are missing out on truly great television.<br/><br/>My favorite show is the episode: paper clip. The show was wonderfully written and brilliantly acted. Any new fan should check this show in particular out.<br/><br/>The truth is out there. The X-Files is still a terrific show after 8 years, and I am anxiously awaiting what is to come. I have been sitting here for the last 15 minutes or so reading ALL the comments about the X-Files, and I must say, they can't please everyone. Everyone has a different opinion (you can clearly tell if you read all the commments...) and the fact that The X-Files gained and lost fans along the way is just the way it goes. If they remained the way they were in the earlier seasons (and trust me, I am a true fan...I stuck by it the whole 9 years but I love the first 7 seasons best) but they had to change sometime; they wouldn't have lasted as long as they did if they had continued on with the Samantha ordeal and/or the alien/ government cases. The fact is, they kept and gained a great deal of fans the whole way through, because they had varying episodes, some dramatic, some funny, and some mysteriously confusing. But there are so many people blaming the actors, writers, and creators when really it's just a conflict of interest.<br/><br/>
I still love the X-Files and always will, I have bought many of the seasons on DVD and I have watched them all at least 8 times, including the last two seasons (they haven't yet been released on dvd or video but I have them on tape) and now that the show is over, you can choose to only re-watch your favourites. I began watching the show at the age of 7 and although I probably didn't understand some of the humour, I even enjoyed it then. I hope there will be a sequel to the first movie "The X-Files: Fight the Future" and I'm sure even though they lost some fans along the way, they will probably return and watch it...remembering how great a show it was........and is. This tv show is the best show ever put on the air.  I am a dedicated xphile. I've seen every episode and love every one of them.  Especially Triangle and Bad Blood.  Anyway, this show and its movies, I hope, will continue on for a long time. This show will go down in history as one of the best TV shows ever.<br/><br/>
Back in 1993 Chris Carter had an idea (Two FBI Agents investigate paranormal/unexplained cases, one a skeptic the other a believer), unknown to him and everyone else this was the best idea in TV history - it was completely original and intelligent and just what TV in the early nineties needed, add to that the great acting abilities of David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, the wonderful writing talents of Chris himself, James Wong, Glen Morgan, Vince Gilligan and many others and some excellent directing from Kim Manners, Rob Bowman, Chris himself and too many others for me to list here and the you have the ingredients for the most visually stunning, wonderfully acted and written 45 minutes of TV I've ever had the pleasure to watch.<br/><br/>Still as good as ever after 7 seasons. I just saw a quick 30 second preview of the X-Files season premiere for season seven.  I wish I could see it again but from what I saw it looks like it could bring the series back to its stronger areas and reinvigorate it.  I am looking forward to season seven, mmhmm, definitely.  How about you? I can't say anything that hasn't been said, so let me try something different. I love these two characters relationship with each other. The only reason they haven't hooked up is because millions of people are watching, and it may ruin the show and they know that, Mulder and Scully do. As soon as the show goes off the air I believe Mulder and Scully will be all over each other. and I bet when they're in bed together... They'll still call each other Mulder and Scully, hehe<br/><br/>8) I see the pilot of the new season and Im a little bit confuse about few things:<br/><br/>SPOILER HERE:<br/><br/>1.-The intro is exactly like the first season, I think it would be better if the opening titles were more sophisticated (like seasons 8 & 9).<br/><br/>2.- Skinner looks younger than Fox Mulder.<br/><br/>3.-Scully and Mulder has no chemistry on each other or at least I feel that way.<br/><br/>4.- The plot and the story presents some modern conspiracy theories but still there is nothing new here.<br/><br/>SPOILER AGAIN:<br/><br/>5.-"Tooms" actor appears in a black and white scene.<br/><br/>6.- Joel McHALE is not an actor, he is a comedian or else, but this dude is terrible.<br/><br/>7.-I feel interested in the development and the great ending of this chapter. However, I hope Chris Carter don't let me down.<br/><br/>Dana Scully still ROCKS¡ When i saw first episode 
they start moon hoax landing 
so i knew it anti since <br/><br/>i love when they talk about real since not to be stupid The 2 new seasons 10 & 11 are awful, they turned it into a comedy.<br/><br/>The original seasons 1 - 9 are superb some of the best TV made. Easily a solid 10. I would give the original series an 8 or 9 from what I can remember. It's been quite a while since I watched the X -Files, but what I do know is that it was an intelligent show with, you know, an actual story line. In Season 10 they did an OK job of picking up on the story line of Scully and Mulder's child who had special abilities of some kind but she gave away, along with the new storyline about an incurable illness. Ok, let's go with that. Nope, Season 11 is something totally different, let's just forget the last 6 episodes ever happened, and we'll just keep investigating some X-files while we wait for something to happen. But the problem is there IS no investigating. Lines like "Do you know how they're doing that?" or "How is this happening?" answered by "No Mulder, I don't know" followed by....nothing. No tests, no cool gadgets...I guess we'll just wait until the next person gets gruesomely murdered and hope something magically solves itself. By the way, we'll make it more gruesome and bloody than the original ever was and hope that covers the fact that we have no storyline.
I love that they brought back all of the original cast, Mulder and Scully still have nice chemistry....but... keep watching hoping that I will be soon, but so far, I'm not that impressed. The low reviews must be from people who have forgotten what the X-files are about. These new episodes are like watching a season from the nineties. The only difference is the obvious age difference. If the show lacks anything, then it is the youthful energy and naivety of what these illustrious agents used to have. David Duchovny is looking more like Gary Shandling as he ages, but his passion for playing Fox Mulder is still evident and does not miss a beat. It is only two episodes in and my anticipation for the forthcoming episodes is increasing due to these early shows. They would be both wise and successful if they bring the X-files back for more seasons subsequent to this one. Return of X files<br/><br/>I have never written review before, but I feel a need to pay a homage to my favorite series of all times – X files. I was dedicated follower back in nineties, and rarely missed an episode, at least until producers made Mulder disappear in Seasons 8 and 9. I can't say that those Seasons were bad, they managed to keep almost same level of efficiency in creating a substance of X files, and I really can't say that agent Doggett is a bad character, or played by a bad actor Robert Patrick. It just missed that Mulder funny as hell with stone face" times, his paranoia and dedication to make things clear for himself and the world. And not to mention, lack of chemistry which is one of the best ever seen on TV between Mulder and Scully. I also never much liked Monster of the week episodes, but I watched those regularly as part my favorite show, and consider them as nice break in between main story episodes and tensions those episodes created. Return of the X files as Season 10 made me anxious, because I really didn't want that new Season ruins my memories on some the best TV times I had 15 years ago. And finally, I watched all 3 episodes of new Season 10. <br/><br/>And it was great! <br/><br/>Like the series never went of screen. Teleportation in X files world was instant, I have never felt single piece missing. Mulder and Scully are back as they just jumped out of the nineties. Hey, they look a little older, but who doesn't after 20 years? <br/><br/>I noticed that for S10Ep1 people were saying they were disappointed by story development from "alien" to "human" conspiracy. I can only say that this is one of the best things ever happened to this series, because, in case you forgot, 20 years has passed, technology advanced, 9/11 happened, "state of perpetual war" induced etc. So many events and you really except that honorable series as X files would allow that Mulder and Scully chasing around some "old fashioned" flying saucers, and little Grey's? X files once again reflects what actually happened In real world in recent past – people slowly became to realize that we are our own greatest enemies, and as long as we all sit on our ass and allow that 0.1 percent of humans out of the 7 billion rules and get rich in behalf of everybody else, we will be locked in cages in our minds and not doing a single thing about it. <br/><br/>X files, welcome back, dearest friends. Continue to put things into perspective as you were doing from 1993. A story about pensioners surrounded by conspiracy and fake news...
No, not the Whitehouse. 
Skullee and mouldy. 
Great series in it's days but now tired and old like the cast.
Dreadful stories, painfully slow stilted dialogue acted mostly in the dark.
Most dialogue tries to explain what happened 30 years ago, who people were, what happened then. 
Is almost as if they are trying to
1. Appeal to a new audience - fail. 
2. Appeal to the old audience, who are now senile - fail. <br/><br/>David Duchovny looks like he has melted. 
I'm too much of a gentleman to comment on his companion. She can lie in a comma very well. Method acting I think that's called. 
It is perhaps good that the few stilted lines of dialogue are easy to remember for the cast. 
 S
As a reboot it is just a reboot of some last minute careers. As a new x files, it needs a new cast and new stories. 
It is good to see that the fbi employ the elderly but not to the extent that they don't know that a computer system has a backup. (episode 2).But to be fair nor does my elderly mum. 
How come they weren't aware that the x files would have been digitised. 
I assume assume that their ability to dodge assassination bullets is because they use octogenarian assassins.
How come the smoking man hasn't got lung cancer? 
Why bother with an overarching theme of the end of humanity. Surely the real president can manage that without a shadowy organisation.
Actually, to be fair, why bother? 
The biggest mystery? Why series 11? Why those 2 actors? Why am I watching it?
Will I watch episode 3? Oooooooo!! Spooky! 
No I won't bother. 
Some stuff is best left as good in its day. This is an amazing restart for Scully and Mulder. I saw they scratch the surface of a new world of conspiracies, just for us to see what will be coming next. Excellent acting & cinematography because who are we judging here? new guys in the block? I don't think so. You'll have the same old feeling you got 20 years ago or more when you first saw the show. The only thing that concerned me a little were the CGI, I hate them, but appreciate when they need to be there and they are really well made. Nowdays everybody comments, critics and destroy your work with words, based in shallow belief of "how it has to be" to them, well people, grow up, create your own show and the rest of us will thank Chris Carter, all the production crew and all the actors for bringing back to life this show, because really who doesn't wants to see how Mulder gets into HAARP, Blue Beam or the Pleiadians? Well I know I want to see that. NOW I know why the U.$. was the COP-blocker at the recent COP2... After decades of Chicken Little politics courtesy of the Fossil Fool Industry - not to mention the Right Flight From Reality-, it's good to have a pair of Heroes to root for (again). They were on our side THEN and they're on our side NOW. (And anyone who thinks that the conspiracy theories enumerated by Mulder in this episode are in any way, shape or form far-fetched, be advised that that is just the very TIP of the proverbial iceberg. Check out DEMOCRACY NOW! or LINK TV and NOTHING you've seen- or WILL see- on THE X-FILES will surprise you. Unlike Corporate "news," which is pre-chewed for those who can't stomach The Truth, the "Holy Worriers" and the Political Errorists, DEMOCRACY NOW! and LINK TV offer FACTS backed up by more facts.) We've seen this before, in INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS and THE INVADERS and THEY LIVE (which is one reason I still think John Carpenter's monsterpiece would make a great TV series) and THE X-FILES itself (to rattle off but a few of the finest examples), but it really doesn't get old- not as long as The Powers That Be refuse to allow for an Industrial Evolution. OK first things first - I liked it.<br/><br/>BUT -- As cosy and warm the opening episode felt god damn everything was SO SO rushed.<br/><br/>Mulder's opening speech before the credits was like some kind of word speed test. He managed to condense the X-file premise into a one minute garbled speech... not a bad thing, it just felt rushed. As did the whole episode. Old characters were brought back conveniently with a script that felt very very awkward. Duchovny is an odd actor. Sometimes he convinces, even impresses with his portrayal of Mulder. Then in another scene it is like watching a teenager ad lib very very badly.<br/><br/>Nice flashback to the Roswell crash. Loved the AVR scene.<br/><br/>I am IN as far as this six episode series goes. But far from totally happy. Hopefully be the end of the sixth episode that lovely glowing warm cosy feeling that Mulder and Scully are back again will remain. An X-Files return could go quite a few ways as even a simple re-convening and continuation would likely please many old fans while garnering a new generation. That said, this revival of the series, a six episode affair...for now, is in many ways a reboot as the 2-part opening wastes little time in it's fascinating revelations. Of those, the overriding one is Mulder's new understanding that while the government has, in fact, retrieved UFOs and alien bodies it is not the aliens who are regularly appearing and abducting humans. It's a powerful dark cabal within the government and their mission, besides the possibility of a new world order, is to perfect the hybridization of human and alien DNA.<br/><br/>This, while somewhat surprising, seems the most interesting storyline to take what's always been great about The X-Files and with laser-like focus give the show a new and fresh slant. Oh yes, withing this new focus it can still go many ways. In fact it quickly does as the first hybrid Scully confirms is quickly taken out in what may have formerly been just another abduction. The new search is going to be the most difficult of all as all this occurs in the first episode and it signals Mulder and Scully are not only back, but they're closer than ever to a truth they're not suppose to get to.<br/><br/>The second part of episode one makes it pretty clear that the hybrids have powers the government scientists haven't been able to gain control of much less take to the level they're seeking. It's threatening to get out of control even as Mulder and Scully are just figuring this stuff out. It appears the potential for violence and death of all this black fringe science is beginning to emerge in a big way just as our two re-enter the fray. By all appearances we're in for a wild ride, probably more so than in all the previous seasons and in a compacted time. This is the new X-Files and it's off to what feels like a fresh potential for a great storyline. It's right on the money to expand the myth-arc...and better than ever special effects bringing it to the screen in a well orchestrated faster pace. I'd say Chris Carter has weighed many possibilities and he's masterfully brought everything home in great nod to the past while reinvigorating the journey in a fitting new direction. All this and I'm basing it on just the first two episodes (really two even though it's also considered a 2-part first episode). This show more than repaid any interest a viewer invested into it. There were episodes that were simply amazing; Burt Reynolds as God (Improbable), the forest dwellers with red eyes (Detour), the episode on the Queen Anne (Triangle). Has there ever been anything shot for TV that is more visually beautiful than the "Post Modern Prometheus" episode? There were definitely many average episodes, but on what other show was a "special episode" actually special (meaning memorable & exceptional)? As an actor, it must have been a pleasure to get each new script, knowing even if it didn't look too promising, the care taken with production would probably send it over. Most but not all episodes took the shape of a sci-fi mystery. Almost every standalone was at worst, atmospheric, fun cheese. And occasionally the show had some good scares. X. F. was always an enjoyable way to kill an hour. <br/><br/>One does tend to wonder after a while why hospitals, courtrooms, office buildings, laboratories and homes all haven't paid their light bills. The episode "Rush" (7th season) features the gloomiest high school ever built.<br/><br/>But I'm not the typical fan, and I hate the soap opera storyline of the mythology. No one, has ever sustained the soap opera format in my eyes (Not Twin Peaks, not Lost, etc.). So, I intensely disliked the myth-arc from the beginning. The episodes where the Mulder/Scully/cancer man/alien running story is explored, put me into a coma. I just don't care about these characters, except as conduits to scary, weird events. I never watched the show to have someone or something to care about. These are dependably the least entertaining, least compelling episodes in the series. I couldn't find my interest in them, if I watched them with aliens probing my butt. The ponderous seriousness/moodiness which gave weight to silly topics (in the standalones) make the mythology episodes terminally lethargic. Every mythology episode is as dull and pointless as every other one. They lack art, effort, interest and especially, forward momentum! Kricheck? pregnancies? antidotes? implants...? Snoooooooze. And Scully seems to have drawn the last three melodramatic ideas from the idea jar (cancer, child who died, crisis of faith) Just atrocious. Not a single thing could breathe life into those leaden ideas, and they work against the unknowable aspect of the show.<br/><br/>I understand the fans of Agent Dogget here (I like him too) but he's very serious. I missed Duchovny's frequent humorous line readings. I watched only the first episode of the new X-Files, I would call it a pilot because it looked like a different show. It was an episode that was created to explain how and why Mulder and Scully would come back on board. It didn't have the serious and rather heavy mood that the original series had. Some scenes looked like one of those low budget sci-fi series, with unnatural conversations and rushing to results. <br/><br/>Mulder was a serious dude in the original series, I guess the producers/directors have seen the success of Californication and have decided to bring on Duchovny's cute character on board. I think it may work, but for old X-Files devotees it's a big change. The master piece of allirn tv show series.
I recommend to watch it from the first season. It is stil good however in the modern world. After the disastrous tenth season, it's nice that this eleventh season is at least coherent. That doesn't mean that anything else about it really works, because really, nothing does. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson are on autopilot from the first episode, but it's not hard to see why. Individual episodes are neat here and there, but the dialogue between Duchovny and Anderson is extraordinarily awkward and cringe-worthy, always taking the viewer out of the experience, and the overall experience is jarring and unfocused. The ongoing "My Struggle" arc feels both over-stuffed and under-whelming at once, and the season's habit of clumsily picking up then dropping its overarching themes means it's just about impossible for the show to build any momentum. One of the show's final episodes, "Nothing Lasts Forever," suggests that there are still interesting stories to be told in this universe, but that it's time for a narrative overhaul. The confusion is out there. The ridiculousness is out there. The "Jump the Shark" is out there. The plot is not out there. Maybe the plot is with Mulder's abducted sister. By the way, what ever happened to that theme? I enjoyed this show so much more when it was kind of a version of the "Twilight Zone." Every week, Mulder and Scully investigated a weird occurrence -- sometimes solved, sometimes not. Now, in 2017 and 2018, The conspiracy nonsense is out there. The X-Files should no longer be out there. ... whether you actually do or not. On paper, it doesn't sound like much. Two FBI agents are teamed up - a believer in UFO's since as a child he witnessed the abduction of his sister by aliens - Fox Mulder - and Dana Scully, an M.D. and a skeptic about paranormal activity. I watched from the very first episode and there is just something magical about the chemistry of the entire thing. Scully is ordered into the assignment, and everybody believes Fox Mulder saw something awful happen to his sister, but they think his mind created the alien abduction scenario to help him cope with the shock. And so for seven years they encounter things for which maybe a logical explanation can be found, maybe not.<br/><br/>I really loved X-Files, but I think I liked their individual episodes more than their story arcs, which, actually, were quite confusing. Was smoking man Mulder's biological father? Was Mulder's sister really kidnapped by aliens and gone for good or did she come back as some kind of cloned pseudo daughter for Smoking Man? Was Scully's baby just a case of "the doctors were wrong you can get pregnant"? Was he a product of an alien experiment she does not remember? I dunno. But the fact is people all over the Internet will tell you they do know that this or that was true when largely all we have are insinuations in the show itself, never explicit facts. Maybe this was done on purpose, and sometimes it made the show confusing but it always kept an air of mystery going on that was thoroughly compelling.<br/><br/>As for the idea that Smoking Man - one of the true villains in the series and brilliantly and subtly played by William B. Davis - was at the center of every assassination of the 1960's - I always found that a bit Forrest Gumpish for me, but an interesting idea. (He wanted to be the one to kill Martin Luther King because he respected him so much???? What the...) My two most favorite episodes of the entire series were "Home" and "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose" - neither of which did anything to advance a story arc but were great examples of just how good X-Files could be when everything came together to tell an interesting story in 50 minutes or so. If you watch "Home" from the beginning of season four I'll just tell you that you'll never be able to listen to "Wonderful Wonderful" sung by Johnny Mathis in quite the same way again. It will be like listening to "Layla" after you've seen Goodfellas.<br/><br/>The thing the show did best? Showing a growing loving relationship between Mulder and Scully that maybe got physical and sexual and maybe did not. The point is they wisely never had a TADA! moment of consummation, the kind that killed "Moonlighting" and killed "Cheers" twice in the 80s by killing the sexual tension.<br/><br/>The thing they did worst? Probably soldiering on for two seasons without David Duchovny for large chunks of those two seasons. Was it better than anything else on TV today - certainly. But even two characters that were well written and well characterized - Doggett and Reyes - could not replace Mulder. That is the only reason I did not rate this series as ten stars.<br/><br/>Watch it from beginning to end - even the last two seasons - I think you'll find it time well spent. THE X FILES<br/><br/>I remember watching the TV show when it originally aired on TV... I loved it. So I recently started watching them all again on DVD... and have just finished season 5 which means that it was movie time.<br/><br/>I liked this film... it was definitely the X Files but on a bigger scale. It felt more Hollywood... the soundtrack was not a TV soundtrack... you could tell the budget on this was a lot bigger than the budget for the show.<br/><br/>There really isn't a lot I can say about the cast in this film as it's mostly the cast from the show so we know what they are like.<br/><br/>There were a few bits in it that changed slightly from the show though... Scully seemed to have more of a sense of humour... she was messing around with Mulder a bit more in this, and they seemed closer too. The language was different too... being a movie they could get away with a little bit more then they could on the TV. It was weird hearing Mulder saying a few soft swear words.<br/><br/>The aliens that were seen in this film were awesome... I loved them. They reminded me in a way of the aliens in 'Alien'. The effects were really good too... <br/><br/>I honestly think that even if you are not a fan of the show you would like this film. It is a good sci fi movie.<br/><br/>I will give this 7 out of 10<br/><br/>A really good film that you should see, even if you don't watch the TV show... which you should. :)<br/><br/>For more of my reviews, please like my Facebook page:<br/><br/>http://www.facebook.com/pages/Ordinary-Person-Movie- Reviews/456572047728204?ref=hl I just finished watching the entire series from beginning to end. It took me about a month, I got the box set. I hadn't seen the show sense the series ended back in 2002. I originally gave the show 5 stars but after watching it from the beginning to the end after all this time I gave it a 4. I was going to give it a 3 or a 3.5, but the last two episodes were just great so I bumped it back up. Now onto the review X-Files, a show that lasted a few seasons to long but still ended on a high note.<br/><br/>X-Files was a unique show when it first came on back in 1993, I'd never seen anything like it. Capturing my imagination about aliens, monsters, and the like. The characters were great. I'd break down the series into four chapters.<br/><br/>X-Files seasons 1-2: The beginning we see Mulder and Scully for the first time and are introduced to many other like the THE LONE GUNMEN, CSM, Skinner and others.<br/><br/>X-Files seasons 3-5: The relationship between Mulder and Scully crows even more with Scully's cancer. We go deeper into the alien conspiracy and into other characters lives and characters die like X. The stories are great and are leading to a climax.<br/><br/>X-Files seasons 6-7+movie movie: At the end of season 7 is when the show should have ended. David Duchovny was leaving the show. The characters of Mulder and Scully had reached a point where they loved each other even if they didn't say it. The stories were reaching conclusions, we learned what happened to Mulder's sister, the group behind the conspiracy were all but dead. In my opinion the show had reached it's climax. There wasn't anything new to add. This is when the show was 5 stars.<br/><br/>X-Files seasons 8-9: The show goes way down hill here. First Mulder is gone, then we get Scully's miracle baby. I mean come on, that was defiantly a desperate attempt to keep the show going for another two years. The addition of John Doggett played by Robert Patrick, and I like the actor he just didn't fit in well with the show. The stories began to go way down hill unless they focused directly on Mulder and Scully's relationship, everything else sucked. The only thing that saved the show from getting a 3.5, 3 or even a 2.5 was the series finale two episodes. They were just great, you could tell the actors were moved by it coming to the end. Ultimately the show wasn't a classic or great but very good and I would recommend everyone to watch the series. I didn't start watching the X-Files until 2004. I am somewhat of a closet sci-fi geek but am generally not a fan of most Sci-fi/fantasy except for the creme de la creme like the Star Wars Saga and Lord of the Rings which are near obsessions.<br/><br/>I guess X-Files started when I was in 8th grade and between school, sports and friends, I never really followed any TV shows seriously. Once X-Files moved to Friday night, that pretty much killed any hopes of me seeing it being the social butterfly that I was.<br/><br/>Before 2004, I had only seen one episode of the X-Files ever, but I then started watching reruns of the X-Files late night on TNT and was immediately hooked. The mix of drama, quality acting and carefully planned out story lines with excruciatingly detailed knowledge of science is amazing and there is the perfect mix of drama and sci-fi to keep things balanced.<br/><br/>For the past two years, I've probably seen every episode an average of 5 times. Can't tell you how many nights I stayed up until 4 or 5 in the morning watching marathons on TNT. When recently getting the seasons on DVD, my chronology is now straight and the continuous plot lines all make sense.<br/><br/>I think seasons 1-6 are brilliant. This show has produced so many great characters including Mulder and Scully of course but the Cigarette Smoking Man might be one of the best characters ever on any television show. The elders of the Syndicate are phenomenal, too. And, of course X and Deep Throat were great, as are the slippery Krycek and the hot Marita Covorubbias.<br/><br/>Being a late bloomer, I never held a grudge against Agents Dogget and Reyes as I wasn't entirely accustomed to Mulder and Scully yet. If anything, I thought Dogget's accent made him appear less intelligent. I think they did excellent jobs in seasons 8 and 9 but unfortunately, the conspiracies had just become too far-fetched and convoluted. Still entertaining, though.<br/><br/>To me, Chris Carter's dream had peaked in the middle of Season 6, once the Syndicate was finally destroyed. One Son was one of the most mind-blowing episodes I had seen it. Carried so much weight.<br/><br/>While still interesting, I just thought the writers were reaching for material to continue the conspiracy after Season 6. I liked the idea of a new conspiracy under the supersoldiers (even though they could have come up with a better name for them) but what happened to the alien human hybrid colonization program? Were they the new hybrids or there to insure the program was still in place. Did that conspiracy die with the syndicate and someone else was now in charge. If so, who was in charge here? The government, the aliens? Just too murky.<br/><br/>Still. Incredible series.<br/><br/>Favorite episodes: Two Fathers, One Son, Redux II, Leonard Betts, Paper Clip, Home, Herrenvolk<br/><br/>Least favorite: Fight Club, X-Cops I am a very true of X-Files, I have watched it since I was 6. I Have always loved it. Around season 8, I kinda dropped out of it, but i eventually came back. My personal opinion of this show is I love it, but other people out there would say it sux. It happens, it's personal opinion. But I think it's sad when people diss soemthing. I I mean if you don't like soemthing, that's good, but you don't have to tell the world U think it sux. People should use that free time of theirs to comment on something they like. I Think David, Gillian, Annabeth, & Robert are great actors and actresses. But it was sad to see David go. I have always found the show interesting though. I love comedy episodes Hollywood A.D. I have season 7 on D.V.D and it's good. But I have to say seaosn's 1-7 are better in my opinion, not saying Annabeth or Robert were bad , it just kinda lost soemthing in season 8 or 9. I think this is the best TV Series ever made, not only because of the taste of many episodes: you must watch till the end and you never really know what will happen (the mistake US series often do). The characters of Mulder and Scully are the architecture of the series and every episode. In nine years they've grown to perfect, if they never done anything else than being Mulder and Scully; perfectly done in their own director's episodes. I was very sad to hear the series will end in 2002, but everyone's hope will be in many movies, hopefully released in the next years. What a ride it has been. I've watched this series since it's first episode in 1993, *10 years ago*. This is one serial that most definitely had it's ups and downs. At it's highpoint, it totally annihilated the horror movie genre. What else could have beaten a _free_ horror movie _every week_, with great production values? It has forced the staid horror movie genre to become much more inventive, because no one will pay for anything they can get on tv for free and better.<br/><br/>However, it's weakness came when it couldn't let go of it's main characters when the years on the show started to show their strain on them as actors and as people. When this happened, the show should have embraced it's new characters, Robert Patrick and Annabeth Gish, more heartily and focused on The X-Files themselves. Instead, they turned way too many episodes into "Mulder Come Home" pleas. This series was always at it's strongest when their episodes seemed to be pulled straight out of The Fortean Times headlines. When they let go of their core, their essence, the show died.<br/><br/>One of the last episodes, "Release", showed that this series still had some arrows left on it's bow, but the last episode is one I couldn't even sit through. Mulder as Hannibal? Yuck. A misplaced attempt at going full circle, because the Scully character was so clearly based on Clarice Starling, the heroine of the ultra-popular Silence Of The Lambs (1991). Unfortunately, David Duchovny's acting talents don't stretch that far. Or his heart wasn't in it.<br/><br/>Still, it has been quite a ride. And I'm sure this show will one day be ripped off by a production team and writers of equal talent and inspiration. Great shows and movies always are. When I first saw the X-Files it was one of the greatest shows I have ever seen. I really did not get into the show until the movie came out. Since then I have really been into the show. Chris Carter is a genius, and the casting is wonderful David Duchovny is a great actor. So is the great Gillian Anderson. And the show neer get's old and few episodes are boring or bad. The things I did not like about the show is at the end of the series they cut out Mulder, Scully, and The Lone Gunman. I suggest to any sci-fi fan who has not seen this show should really watch it. The people who say it is overrated are ignorant it is talked about soo much because that is how good it is. I give the X-Files a well earned 9/10. I First watched the show when I was 10 years old. That was The X-Files' movie "Fight The Future" and I really love that movie. At that time I was in my country and there were the shows everyday. Actually I always like both movies and series that are about science or UFOs. Nobody in my family except me is interested in The X-Files. In my opinion if Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny are not in The X-Files, I was not going to like it. I think both Gillian and David make The X-Files more interesting.<br/><br/>Throughout 9 years of The X-Files, it never make me feel boring. It make me feel excited and to be more interested in it. I hope that the shows will never ends.<br/><br/>P.S. I love Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny so much, and I can't wait to see The X-Files 2. The X-Files is the only TV series we never fail to watch. Introduction of Agent Doggett is the best thing that happened to the X-Files. Robert Patrick's role keeps X-Files going. We think he's marvellous...his character is so cool! He is a level headed man, with a very clear voice (unlike Mulder who mumbles sometimes). It's so exciting to see him getting involved in daring actions...we're glad Scully trusts him now; she ought to have, since the beginning. Agent Doggett is honest, considerate and everything good!!!! We guess Mulder is a bit jealous of him, p'ps. However, both Scully and Mulder are fine too. If Mulder expresses more emotion he will look better. He looks very passive  most of the time. Gillian Anderson should always be commended for her superb acting. We hope that Agent Doggett would be able to find a way to end his silent suffering... Good luck to you Robert Patrick! This show was one of those rare shows that managed to remain interesting in nearly every episode. I tip my hat off to the writers (I need a hat) so when I get one I will promptly give truth to these words. Perhaps a tip of the hat will have to go to the lead actors as well. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson perform their roles brilliantly and they also have natural chemistry which makes the two put together on one screen a shining star amid the shows mysterious, disturbing, and often conspiracy related topics. The fact is, this show oozes in originality. From its theme song (perfectly composed by Mark Snow) to its well-made set pieces and well-angled camera shots. This show is impossible to fully explain in 1,000 words. I doubt 1 million could properly do the job either. So if you've never watched the X-files you've missed out on something that will fill your mind with thoughts to ponder, and a constant state of awe as well. I used to be a huge fan of the 1990s smash hit television show, The X-Files when it debuted in 1993, two years after the cancellation of my favorite show of the 1990s, namely Twin Peaks.<br/><br/>Like Twin Peaks, The X-Files is based upon a pair of FBI agents, Fox Mulder, the extremely strange and passive believer of UFO sightings and Dana Scully, the skeptic who was assigned by the Bureau to bring him in.<br/><br/>The first three seasons of the show were fantastic as the "mythology" concerning Mulder's search for the truth were at top notch levels and making believers out of the conspiracy fads of the 1990s.<br/><br/>After a couple of seasons, the show became rather repetitive, with monsters of the week episodes and a "mythology" that started to become rather stale after the fourth season.<br/><br/>The X-Files film, released in 1998, was to show many of the answers of the UFO mythology that the show was so famous for, and while it did prove the existence of UFOs it once again led the audience for more show and tell, and once again it proved the show was really a one trick pony.<br/><br/>The remaining seasons became rather stale and repetitive and by the time the show ended, only true fans of the show really cared, and X-Files mania has dramatically died down from previous years. Duchovny left the show after the seventh season, to pursue a failed film career after Mulder's supposed UFO abduction, and Scully was left on her own to carry the weight of the show on her shoulders Even the additions of two brand new agents, Doggit and Reyes, couldn't save the show's plummeting ratings in 2002, so the decision to end the show was finalized with Mulder coming back to face trial after a murder. In short, I felt that series ended on a extremely flat note, with none of the creativity that flowed during it's early seasons. X-Files became a victim of it's own hype that couldn't sustain it's momentum for very long.<br/><br/>Now I have to admit I like X-Files but I prefer Twin Peaks, namely because I feel that show was fresher and was cancelled before it wore out it's welcome. I also feel that FBI agent lead, Dale Cooper was a more interesting character than Fox Mulder, although David Duchovny's turn as a transvestite agent in Twin Peaks has many of Mulder's characteristics, without the cross-dressing.<br/><br/>In short The X-Files was an interesting ride that definitely outstayed it's welcome with many in the American public. Twin Peaks, definitely had a huge influence in the success of the X-Files, but, thankfully it's brief two seasons on the air remain fresh, while the X-Files and it's downward turn into complete silliness outgrew the public's patience with it's "mythology". This is one of the worst TV series to ever appear. It had the most laughable plot imaginable. As if that wasn't enough, the characters and subplots are so mundane and boring that it is impossible to stay awake. First the main plot. Some nut working for the FBI (probably the only believable thing about the series), believes the Defense Department is covering up UFO sightings. This is so logical. how else can the Defense Department ask for a smaller budget at appropriations hearings. "Oh, we don't want to reveal there are UFOs because then we could ask for less money for our budget!" No. If there are UFOs, you can bet the department of defense would be loudly proclaiming it. Sorry. For them not to is completely impossible. So we have the stupidest conspiracy premise ever actually succeeding as a show for several years. This would make sense if there were interesting subplots, action, or suspense, but everything is so predictable, you'll wonder if it's a comedy. Not saying there aren't aliens. (If you ask me, you're all from some other planet.) Just saying the premise falls on its face with a thud, and can't be taken seriously. It was assumed that the unsolved mysteries that made the basis for this show would in time be resolved, or at least fully explained by the last season. No such luck.<br/><br/>The show was very entertaining, and legions of people were so hooked, they formed chat groups to discuss possible theories and explanations together. Perhaps Chris Carter should have poked his virtual head into some of these chatrooms - he might have found a viable ending.<br/><br/>But the unanswered questions remained unanswered, for the most part. The few explanations given were weak and unsatisfying. By the end, everyone I knew that liked the show was disillusioned & disgusted. I, myself, didn't even watch the final episode until about a month after its airdate. I just didn't care anymore, and I understood that it would not (& could not) contain the missing pieces of the puzzle I so wanted to see.<br/><br/>It was a good show, worth watching, but know going into it that you will not get any kind of resolution in the last episodes.<br/><br/>Gillian Anderson & David Duchovny had excellent chemistry together, and William B. Davis played an excellent villain, but the story just didn't hold up. In the 1990s, science fiction went through a tedious period of being Very Serious Indeed.  Productions like "The X-Files" and "Star Trek: The Next Generation" featured toned-down acting and souped-up production values, probably in an effort to escape the "cheese factor" attached to older, cheaper, and more exuberant programs such as the original "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who."  Alas, the new "weighty" approach did not work for this particular viewer; watching David Duchovny drone out his lines like a heavily-medicated mannequin is not my idea of entertainment.<br/><br/>On the plus side, "The X-Files" perhaps represented some glacial progress in terms of making American science fiction less sexist.  Gillain Anderson's Dana Scully shares equal billing with Duchovny, which is, ostensibly, a big step up from the minor roles played by women in the various incarnations of "Trek."  However, Scully has the rather thankless role of denying that aliens exist, even after she's seen truckloads of them.  So, the male character is actually the one who is In the Know, the one who Gets Things Done.  Note also that Scully is incapacitated for much of the movie, and requires rescuing.  Sorry, but I think that Joanna Lumley played a much more proactive woman in the waaaay superior "Sapphire & Steel," over ten years earlier!  So never mind what I said about progress.<br/><br/>I guess any final judgment of "The X-Files" depends on what style of sci-fi you go for.  Personally, I'll take Shatner's scenery-chewing and the larger-than-life villainy of Daleks and Klingons over lots of dead-boring acting in shadowy sets and the "menacing" presence of an old guy who puffs on herbal cigarettes.  I don't much care for "The X-Files"'s paranoid content either; a recent article in the Boston Metro actually extensively mocked the show for typifying the ridiculous "conspiracy craze" of the last decade.<br/><br/>By the way, this is highly derivative of "Silence of the Lambs," which even featured similar on-screen captions that told viewers where and when a scene was taking place.  But Scully is no Clarice Starling, that's for sure. some may not understand the essence of X-Files, when comparing it with new productions plenty of special effects, but the sophistication of the humor, characters, script and themes is not for the crowd, despite the series being adored by millions...<br/><br/>and the first three episodes has respected the original spirit of the series. <br/><br/>Mulder and Scully today will find much material for their journey. Will be difficult to settle for only 6 episodes.<br/><br/>X-Files is an oasis in a sea of empty contents...<br/><br/>welcome back X-Files! I hope will continue... Okay... so I very rarely write reviews on here...despite the fact that I've done my fare share of reading them. However, after watching this revival of X-Files, I was so impressed, that I felt that I had to share my joy with the world! Yes, I was one of those 90s teens that sat glued to their chair every week whilst X-Files was on. It was my favorite show at the time, and what I loved the most was the whole "monster of the week" format. I have to admit, I was never a fan of the underlying alien arc, and would remember getting very disappointed whenever an episode came on dealing with that alien plot as opposed to the "monster of the week" format that I so relished.<br/><br/>So you could just imagine my disappointment when I saw the first previews, and learned that (at least for the first episode) it would be more of this "alien crap". Boy was I ever wrong! Without giving too much away, all I can say is yes, It did involve elements of extra-terrestrials, but that was not really the plot...the adversary was, and has always been, mankind. For this pilot, Chris Carter did an excellent job taking advantage of our modern-day paranoia of the big-brother environment to evoke genuine feelings of disquiet and anxiety!!! Clever writing, clever plot...and not to mention excellent special effects (this could have easily gone down the route of overused CGI hell, but thankfully, much judicious restraint was used in this regard).<br/><br/>Anyway...before reading the other reviews on here... I was thinking to myself...now who would give this a bad review? The first thing that I thought of was "well, I'm sure that there will probably be an ultra-right conservative out there who will bash this, claiming it to be liberal propaganda!" (there was a character on here which was your typical parody of a Fox News pundit). You know the type of reviewers I'm talking about... those who watch things through political lenses and failing to appreciate this for what it really is. And guess what? I was right!!!!! When I read those "negative" reviews, the only "critique" that was raised...if you can call it that.... was that this was an anti-capitalist pro-Bernie Sanders Socialists' fantasy (????) Needless to say, I look forward to seeing what is to come, and will no doubt be counting down the seconds until the next episode! I did watch the X-Files on TV at first, but stopped after a couple of seasons because it was too depressing. Currently, I'm working my way through the Mythology episodes on DVD. I'm in the middle of season four (Black Oil Mythology), and I'm bored out of my skull! OK, the acting is good, and the writing is pretty good, but the overall mystery has been going since episode one, and it's still going. We've gotten a few clues, but we're not much closer to the final answer, and it looks like we won't be there until the end of the series. Veronica Mars at least solves the mystery by the end of every season, and Babylon 5 told you what the Shadows were by Season 3. And they had the Narn-Centauri War to keep the fans interested. Eight years is a long time to string people along.<br/><br/>In addition, the show doesn't have much of a sense of humor. Any humor it has is too subtle for my taste. So subtle, I don't realize it's there.<br/><br/>Finally, people on the show don't act like they should. They do stupid things that get them killed, they never learn from their mistakes, and they run into things and events that make no scientific sense. I'm all for suspending disbelief for a good program, but it has just gotten to be too much.<br/><br/>Really, I wanted to like this show more, because I've heard so much about it, but in the end, I just couldn't. I'll stick with Star Trek. After so many years of release of X Files i still consider it the best show ever!!! I loved the variety of interesting episodes along with the subtle humor. It's very much like I remember the show from before". I also loved the ongoing story of their son. I really hope the Xfiles continues. Am very much looking forward to the next season! I have been an X-Files fan since 1993. Being a sci-fi geek, I absolutely loved the show, and I looked forward to watching each episode with eager anticipation. This was sci-fi television at its best.<br/><br/>I was never really a fan of the filler episodes, of which there have been many. For me personally, the alien/UFO story arc was always the main draw of the show, and that is what I most enjoyed watching.<br/><br/>Having said that, Season 11 has pretty much been a big disappointment to me. Not only that, but I actually feel cheated, as if there was intentional deception on the part of Chris Carter and team.<br/><br/>Episode 1 gave us hope that they were finally back on track with the main story arc revolving around the alien/UFO incursion and its aftereffects. But then what happened? Filler episode after filler episode which were totally unrelated to the main story arc, except for the one episode where William was brought into the picture.<br/><br/>In the commercial previews, the announcer kept telling us that we were going to get answers. No we didn't!<br/><br/>As I kept watching one episode after the other, I kept saying to myself, and hoping, "Now, they are finally going to get back to the main alien/UFO story arc," but it never happened. Instead, it turned into more of a crime/family drama type show about trying to find William, and Mulder and Scully's personal relationship.<br/><br/>I thought, "Surely now that we are on the final episode -- Episode 10 -- they are going to get back to the events of Episode 1 with the bridge scene and the UFO, the plague killing everyone, confusion in the streets, etc."<br/><br/>It never happened. Instead, Chris Carter and team took the cheap way out. The only thing I can figure out is that because Mulder killed CSM on the dock, we are supposed to assume that everything that happened in Episode 1 was prevented from happening, and what Scully saw, never came to pass. And William popping his head out of the water just doesn't cut it.<br/><br/>If this was to be the final season of The X-Files, then from Episode 1 to the end, I feel that Chris Carter and team owed it to us long-time viewers to give us some solid answers, after being devoted to the show for so many years. Instead, they fished us with Episode 1, and then pretty much took a detour elsewhere.<br/><br/>Again, cheap, cheap, cheap. This is the best series tv has ever made!! CC is a genius and I really love is work! Mulder and Scully are the best characters and they both have inspired dozen of people all around the world. I watched random episodes during my childhood and when I got the chance to watch the whole series I fell in love. I'm a writer and Chris Carter inspires me for writing.
I'm really happy they're back! I really love the new episodes. if you ever watched this series, you know what I'm talking about and you'll love these 2 new seasons! The X-Files is one of the few TV actually manages to show the truth of reality, instead of delusionally pretending that aliens and government conspiracies are nothing but a bunch of tin-foil wearing hat crazy's fantasy.<br/><br/>Absolutely perfectly done documentary series showing the truth of the world. Sad that so many people refuse to see that this is a documentary and instead see it as some kind of 'fictional TV Show'. Lol, people are so dumb.<br/><br/>10/10 Truthful documentary. In 1993 a TV show came on the scene that promised to be different, esoteric, and it did keep its promise. 
Right off the start it looked like we were onto something outside the mainstream-pleasing circle, just as its weird cousin, Twin Peaks was.
It was mostly filmed in various heavily-wooded parts in Canada, it was gloomy, it was brooding, and it sure as rain in Canada augured well for lots of weird stuff to follow. 
In spite of its uncertainty of what it really would be about, The X Files soon established its grounds and got us (at least me, you know 'us' sounds kind of presumptuous) hooked, mainly after the the Fallen Angel was aired in Season 1.<br/><br/>To me The X Files was truly entertaining and involving right up to the end of Season 5, which put an end to what I call "The Real X Files". 
The team packed up and moved to California. That decision invariably led to various plot tweaks and tune-ups in order to accommodate the change in location that replaced the Great North's particular ambiance.
Now I don't know if it was the fact that the show was now starting to get more action-driven with cheesy dialogue done mainly to appease a wider audience, or maybe it was just the Hollywood's influence that led to its downfall, but one thing was certain- it's not what it used to be and it sure doesn't feel the way it did.
There's no rule that a show must always stray from evolving and developing new techniques and devices, but should they be so rudely employed as to surgically alter the very essence of it? I beg to differ.
Think of the earlier episodes, how involving they were, it was like you're really into the Mulder&Scully's world, looking for the truth along with them. It was much more of a personal experience, like those obscure ufologists who hides in the shadows, writes for little-known pulp magazines and talks about all kinds of weird stuff to those willing to listen.<br/><br/>As much as I like this show, I strongly felt that they should've ended it with Season 5, or at least should've wrapped things up with with Season 6 and brought a decent closure to it, though one which may not have answered all our questions or resolved all the conflicts within the show's mythology. There's no relevance to this...... ................. i have not decode the full message as yet. Aliens do not abduct. They Plant << best word decoded.<br/><br/>This is just Americans raping the Canadian economy.......... ............................ Lots to translate and identify. You should kill this show, if you want to survive. There's no relevance to this...... ................. i have not decode the full message as yet. Aliens do not abduct. They Plant << best word decoded.<br/><br/>This is just Americans raping the Canadian economy.......... ............................ Lots to translate and identify. You should kill this show, if you want to survive. Network: Fox; Genre: Science Fiction/Drama; Average Content Rating: TV-14 (for strong violence, gore & language); Available on DVD; Classification: Contemporary (star range: 1 - 4); <br/><br/>Season Reviewed: Season 8<br/><br/>In order to keep this manageable I have roped off the turn of the century as a benchmark for analyzing recent TV. Any show that started or simply aired original episodes after the year 1999 is fair game. One of the great shows this gives me an opportunity to talk about is the 8th season of 'The X-Files' - one of the best all-around seasons of an already classic series.<br/><br/>Season 7 ended with a cliffhanger involving Agent Fox Mulder (David Duchovney) being abducted by aliens. It was also a clever way to write out Duchovney from the show; who opted out to spend more time with wife Tea Leoni. Creativity comes out best when put in a tight spot and the writers deliver that in spades here. Season 8 unfolds hour-by-hour one large gripping story involving the search for Mulder (returning often due to clear contractual obligations), the mystery of Scully's baby and the emergence of the Super Soldier aliens who threaten the world.<br/><br/>Introduced into this mix, to pick up the slack for Duchovney's absence, is Agent Doggett - perfectly cast and played immaculately by Robert Patrick. Doggett serves as a new skeptic now that Scully has been converted and is smartly not intended as a replacement of Duchovney. Annabeth Gish doesn't fair quite so well, not due to a lack of talent, but simply because Scully (Gillian Anderson) is still a living character. The shows seems suited for Doggett and Scully with Gish's Reyes character being the odd women out. Often standing around with nothing to do but support Scully.<br/><br/>The series holds all the plot stands together for the span of episodes. The tension, may it be from Doggett and Scully's friction or the larger conspiracy, doesn't flag from episode to episode. It delivers sure-to-be-classic episodes like 'Roadrunners' (following a small town sect that worships a small parasitic worm), 'Essense', the powerful two-part 'This is Not Happening' (one of my all-time favorites) and 'Existance' that wraps it all up with a satisfying but underplayed final scene.<br/><br/>One of my beefs with 'The X-Files' in years past has been that it can always give us an interesting set-up and then seems unable to resolve it in the span of an hour. Many of its endings seem rushed to end a premise that could have filled a 2 hour movie in the constraining 1 hour running time of a weekly series. Season 8 feels more polished in it's pacing. It builds methodically to well paced and exciting climaxes. And the show's knack of posing questions and answering them only to pose more is still on alive and kicking. From it's scope to it's cinematography to it's special effects to TV-boundary pushing violence and gore 'The X-Files' has that cinematic look and feel packed deliciously into a weekly format. It has ratcheted up the intelligent writing, terrific acting, attention to character, deadpan humor and wild imagination that has taken the series from cult alien show to, not just a reputable, but exceptional sci-fi drama. As I've said, Season 8 is the show in top form. With all the pieces coming together. One of the most white-knuckle and compelling single seasons of a drama I've ever seen.<br/><br/>* * * * / 4 Undeniably this was the finest television series of the 1990's. Chris Carter's superb series was one that redefined television creating a series that was on one level a fantastic drama about the supernatural, the next about an alien conspiracy and then on the other level a superb comedy series that, strangely for a series that was mostly dramatic, was funnier than most sitcoms. The series is a classic, it is the only way I can describe and while many fans lost interest over the course of its last three seasons, for me the nine year journey was frequently worth watching and it was never dull. <br/><br/>The casting was magnificent, and it was the first stroke of genius. Duchovny and Anderson made a perfect combination, their playful chemistry never becoming annoying and both demonstrating acting ability that was sublime. Anderson was a fantastic actress, frequently given the heavier dramatic material, such as the heartbreaking cancer storyline in the fourth season and her search for Mulder in the eighth. However she showed herself to be a natural comedienne, just check out 'drugged' Scully in Three of A Kind. Likewise, Duchovny was at home on the more light hearted nature of the show and frequently got the one liners, but boy was he good at the drama. Episodes like One Breath and Closure were real show cases for his talent and it would be a shame to see his movie career fail to take off.<br/><br/>
The writing and directing angle of the show was where The X Files really shown. He may never have had his so called 'grand plan' for the mythology, but the writing and feature film production values always worked, and even if the mythology had some continuity flaws with regards to story, the fact they functioned as great suspense thrillers shows how good Carter can be. Coupled with great writers over the years such as Darin Morgan, Glen Morgan and James Wong, Howard Gordon, Vince Gilligan, John Shiban and Frank Spotnitz, the nine year quest of Mulder, Scully, Skinner, Doggett and Reyes was fun and exciting to watch. Hell, even the cast changes of seasons eight and nine were fantastically done, and for a while the inclusion of Robert Patrick and Annabeth Gish looked as if, after nine years, this was a show that would  continue. Sadly it didn't and we're only left with what might have been memories of Reyes and Doggett.<br/><br/>For me it never faltered. Nine years, one spin-off series and a feature film (a franchise that is still to happen), The X Files defined a decade and changed television forever. For that we should  be thankful. Being a student in the paranormal field (if you've seen this show you'd know what it is), I've gotten very intrigued by the subject.  While UFOs and Alien abductions are hardly my favorite topic - paling in comparison to such subjects as cryptozoology, synchronity, poltergeists, and occult criminology (if you don't know what those things are, please take the time to look them up yourself) - I still find them somewhat interesting.<br/><br/> "The X-Files" is a superb, well-written, intelligent, and (occasionally) funny show focusing on FBI Agents (Mulder & Scully, of course, early on, and later Dogget and Reyes) who attempt to solve odd incidents (metal cockroaches from outer space [didn't see the end of "War of the Coprophages", so I don't know exactly WHERE they were from"], a killer doll that makes people stab themselves, and two twins who can control events around them).  Scully is the skeptic, and is played well, if unremarkably, by Gillian Anderson; Fox Mulder, the cynical, sarcastic, monotone counterskeptic (my term for unconventional thinkers), is the best character on the show (IMO), and played to a "T" by David Duchovny.<br/><br/> I can't really call myself an "X-Phile" because I've only seen a little over a dozen episodes, but from what I've seen, the show is great - mainly because, the paranormal and the characters aside, of it's realism.  All characters (even the human monsters) are presented as, well, human beings. It employs the Ray Bradbury/Charles Fort/Stephen King-standby plot of odd things happening in the midst of seeming normalcy.  Strange things usually happen to ordinary (or seemingly ordinary) people.  The believability (even with the sci-fi esque plots) is the main thing that attracts me to the show.<br/><br/> Of the two Dogget-Reyes episodes I've seen (the one with the guy who is apparently possessed by the devil, and the one set on the oil tanker), the first one is pretty bad in comparison to classic episodes, but the other one was just as good as in the show's heyday.  Just my opinion.<br/><br/>The forth greatest show ever (after "Blackadder II and Goes Forth" and MST3K).  Nine stars. Mulder and Skully don't miss a beat...It's so nice to see the team back together...<br/><br/>This new direction is astounding for me to see in the Main Stream...They are discussing topics considered verboten most often...<br/><br/>I hope they can continue in the same vain. Those of us that study conspiracies will be surprised at the depth to which they are going and clearly and concisely laying out...<br/><br/>The elites operate in an unusual way. They are criminals, murderers, and thieves but...They operate with honor, in that, they must inform their victims that they are targeted...It's called the Holy See...<br/><br/>The first show was very exciting and I don't excite easily...I am glad I could watch it commercial free on Fox on line...It was very enjoyable...<br/><br/>If you loved the original X files, you will be very excited about this new and improved series...The characters are still there and the same ominous tones are present...Of course, this review is for the first show of the new series...I hope they can keep the pedal to the metal...Believe!....:) The most important decision in "Founder's Mutation" happens before the episode starts. It's a decision that sacrifices plausibility in the name of narrative efficiency and momentum. That's a difficult trick to pull off, but the episode works because it rewards viewers' willingness to go along for the ride. This isn't the best episode of The X-Files ever made, but it's far more competent and confident than the premiere. It feels right, in a way "My Struggle" didn't quite manage to pull off. That's hard praise to pin down, but I stand by it. I liked the first episode, but I'm not sure I'd defend it; I'll stand by "Founder's Mutation."<br/><br/>The decision, by the way, is to put Mulder and Scully back at their old jobs without bothering to explain in any way how this could be justified. It's been over a decade since they worked for the FBI. Scully has been working as a doctor for Our Lady Of Sorrows Hospital since then (a fact that will become relevant later on in the hour), and Mulder has devoted his life to, I dunno, hiding and Internet porn; it seems a stretch that they'd both be willing to jump back into a line of work that did so much psychic and physical damage to them both over the years. And even that's easier to buy than the idea that the scary corrupt evil government would once again think it's totally fine to pay people to investigate their crimes.<br/><br/>All of this could probably have been explained away in a few scenes. It's obvious why Mulder would want to come back to the job, and I wouldn't be surprised if Scully's been a bit bored. It's even possible to justify the scary corrupt evil government wanting them around (keep my enemies closer, that sort of thing). But instead of any justification, we just get Mulder and Scully back to doing what they do best: staring at dead bodies before making crazy assumptions as to how those bodies got dead.<br/><br/>This is a good choice. It circumvents logic, but gets to the heart of what the show does best. The mythology stuff can work well, but you need a basic structure to work from, and to take too long making that structure happen would've been a mistake. "Founder's Mutation" isn't a monster of the week episode at its most pure; much of the emotional weight of the hour rests on Mulder and Scully's grief over their missing son, William, and Dr. Augustus Goldman's genetic manipulations are most likely part of the government project to mix alien and human DNA.<br/><br/>Still, the core is the same as it ever was. There's a body; Scully does an autopsy; Mulder start theorizing; and eventually, the monsters show up. Only in this case, the "monsters" are just children with severe abnormalities who've been locked away for research. Some of those abnormalities appear to be already established genetic defects, but others suggest a new step in human evolution.<br/><br/>That's an old concept, and thankfully, the episode is more interested in what's going on around the mutants than it is on rubbing our noses in familiar material. Write and director James Wong (one of the show's many talented alumni who returned for the new season) doesn't reinvent the wheel, but he does find several striking images to keep that wheel rolling, giving the hour a sense of eerie foreboding that was lacking in the premiere.<br/><br/>Stripped to its essence, this is bare bones stuff: mad scientist doing mad scientist things, Mulder and Scully get involved, mad scientist ultimately pays the price for his transgressions, and our heroes wander away from the scene, largely unscathed by the events but a little wiser. What sticks, though, is the execution, from the flock of birds clustered to a lawn to signify impending doom, to Dr. Goldman's falsely imprisoned ex-wife suddenly throwing an apple at a cat for no obvious reason. "Founder's Mutation" mostly plays it safe, hitting beats that most fans should know well, but there's a confidence and clarity to its visuals which, while not precisely revelatory, at least prevents the familiar from becoming tedious.<br/><br/>The same-ness also helps underline how some things have changed. For one, Mulder and Scully's struggle against shadowy government forces is far more overty. At the crime scene, Mulder has to steal a victim's cell phone in order to keep the investigation going, and later, Skinner uses the sluggishness of bureaucracy to give his agents more time to look into a case that the defense department clearly doesn't want exposed. The idea of our heroes as a small force of light working at the edges of a vast and well-nigh impenetrable cloud of darkness has been with the show from the start, but there's a blatantness to their struggles here that's refreshing. This is truly THE BEST TV show ever made in human history. The Truth is Out There. The x-files is a very well written show but every time I watch it I can not help thinking that it is a copy off of Twin Peaks.  The similarities between the 2 shows is too much.  That is not to say that I am not a fan of the x-files (it's the best show going right now IMO) it's just not that original The first episode of our beloved series The X-files has met most of my expectations with a loud blast to the past. The X-Files are being reopened. The dynamic duo of Fox Mulder and Dana Scully is back in action. Backed by director Skinner, agent Mulder and doctor Scully are contacted by the host of conspiracy oriented talk show that claims he has definite proof of government manipulating unknowing citizens. Is he just another fanboy? Will Dana and Mulder get together? Have we waited long enough? Will the Truth be finally revealed? Will Fox Mulder have a mustache? Watch more and find out!<br/><br/>The first episode was missing only 3 things: The Lone Gunmen. And if you think that is only one thing, count again :) I was never an obsessive fan of 'The X Files'. I began watching it from the first episode and would try not to it for the first few years, but eventually I grew tired of the soap opera aspects of the show and the relationship between Mulder and Scully. I never felt they managed to successfully balance the ongoing conspiracy plot (which recycled much of Nigel Kneale's Quatermass TV shows and movies) with the "monster of the week" schtick inspired by 'The Night Stalker'. Just as I was getting totally disinterested with the whole thing Robert Patrick's Agent Doggett character was introduced, and to me he gave the show a real shot in the arm. Patrick is an underrated actor who has mainly appeared in lousy b-grade movies, but he is always better than the material he has to work with, and for me the final X Files episodes were the best in years. It's such a pity that this change in the cast came so late in the shows life, but hell, what can you do? Now that the dust has settled down we can all rewatch our favourite episodes on DVD, and despite a few dull patches it remains one of the most entertaining and interesting TV shows in recent years. Mulder and Skully don't miss a beat...It's so nice to see the team back together...<br/><br/>This new direction is astounding for me to see in the Main Stream...They are discussing topics considered verboten most often...<br/><br/>I hope they can continue in the same vain. Those of us that study conspiracies will be surprised at the depth to which they are going and clearly and concisely laying out...<br/><br/>The elites operate in an unusual way. They are criminals, murderers, and thieves but...They operate with honor, in that, they must inform their victims that they are targeted...It's called the Holy See...<br/><br/>The first show was very exciting and I don't excite easily...I am glad I could watch it commercial free on Fox on line...It was very enjoyable...<br/><br/>If you loved the original X files, you will be very excited about this new and improved series...The characters are still there and the same ominous tones are present...Of course, this review is for the first show of the new series...I hope they can keep the pedal to the metal...Believe!....:) To start off, I have been interested in paranormal phenomena for many decades and have read serious, scholarly papers and articles written by true paranormal investigators who do field work. These folks investigate ghosts, UFOS, poltergeists, Electronic Voice Phenomena and the like. The methodology used by THE X FILES's Mulder and Scully is pure fantasy, as are the sort of creatures and situations they encounter. <br/><br/>I have met several people who actually interpret real life paranormal events they read about or hear about on the basis of how well it compares to some sort of "X-File" barometer they have in their minds. If the real event fails to match the show in entertainment value, they lose interest. I am sorry to see this happen, especially considering the level of ignorance and apathy many members of the public display toward serious paranormal research. And if half the money spent by fans on X-FILES mouse pads, DVDs, T-shirts and books had gone to fund the work of real paranormal researchers (who are usually underfunded and depend on private donations) researchers would have had more money to spend on travel and equipment.<br/><br/>This is probably a curmudgeonly approach to the series, whose scripts did have some good character development. If only the writers could have put their talents to work on a series that really showed what paranormal researchers do. Some of the "things" they study are utterly amazing! THE X FILES was just a rip-off of THE NIGHT STALKER and several episodes of THE OUTER LIMITS and THE TWILIGHT ZONE. This reviewer gave the series a chance, she really did, but got tired of derivative stories featuring were-creatures, a "Jersey devil" that turns out to be a beautiful wild woman, and toys that come to life and terrorize. In terms of the day to day, in's and out's of being an Executive Branch employee, of the Federal Government. Not to mention the sometimes complimentary and opposing nature of office politics/environment/decor/attitudes/etc as well as individual motivations for such a career in the first place. I love bing watching this show on weekends and evenings. IMO once Mulder left the magic was gone. It was still a good show but David Duchovny would steal every scene he seemed to be in. The chemistry between Gillian Anderson character, Skully & Mulder was what drove the show. I watched the two season of Aquarius and Duchovny was fantastic in that as well. I highly recommend fans of his to check it out. You won't be sorry. Especially if you like some fiction mixed in with facts. Aquarius centers around the Charles Manson family. Sorry about that. Back to the X-Files, which this review is about. The show was well written and had top notch actors and guest stars. My favorite episode was The Host. Mainly because it's the first episode I actually caught on TV back in the day and it skeeved and creeped us out. Me and my late GF would watch it every week while she was babysitting. We'd spoon on the couch and snuggle. Nothing felt better than those nights getting close while being scared. We'd comfort each other while being spooked out of our minds. There were funny and quirky episodes, and ones that were truly terrifying. Some topics were taken straight out of the headlines. The first 8 seasons are great while the first 3 my favorite. I always liked the monster of the week episodes. Just a great series and there's not much more I can say about it. What's nice is you can now binge watch it instead of waiting for the next episode. That's why I rarely watch series TV anymore. I stopped watching The Walking Dead because of cliffhangers and lame ass, long and drawn out storylines. I hated waiting for the next episode or season to finish the stories. What was nice about the X-Files is the show usually had a conclusion after each episode. Sometimes they'd have stories that needed a few episodes to finish up the storyline, but they didn't take up more than a few episodes. The episode Home was another great one, and the show turned in one of it's scariest moments of the series. Now just go binge watch the first three seasons. Their all gems. This episode must watch it it ALL the people of #metoo, generally all the people and especially the idiots that do not understand the meaning of innocent until proven guilty. Like many fantastic shows, I believe it is the kind of series that you either get into or not. Myself, I was a bit in the middle. The reason is that it was one of the most popular shows at the time so it was worth watching anyway. Much closer to Skully though, I had difficulties to ´buy´most of the stories and found ´frustrating´not to have a rational explanation in the end. What I did appreciated is the dark ambiance, the writing, and the actors that fit perfectly in the characters. I do must admit that I had a better understanding of the show as the seasons went by, probably as I matured with it and got attached to the characters.
I am rating 8 as I think that someone who likes Sci-Fi will enjoy it What happened to X-Files over the years??? It started out so perfect and exciting to watch.<br/><br/>What happened, the writers/producers took themselves too seriously and believed they were creating great art by turning the lights off on the set and cranking up the music so viewers would feel like they were listening to a radio show.<br/><br/>I stopped watch the last couple of seasons as it got more and more boring with each episode The X Files combined all three genres very well, and threw in alot of conspiracy theory as well.<br/><br/>Whatever magic wand was used, almost every story grabbed your attention, and kept you wanting more...seldom does a show take story telling beyond scene by scene positioning, yet this one literally wove the plots into another world entirely... The 18-49 demo is what gives the Network heads their gauge on how a show is doing. Unless Chris Carter abandons the original Seasons 1-9 formula this may not see Season 12. In 1993 the pilot introduced us to our beloved Mulder and Scully. Episode 2 "Deep Throat" gave us the alien conspiracy. Episode 3 started the formula I like to call the "filler" Episodes. The patience of that generation before to wait for another alien themed episode was greater than today. I must admit in my "Old Age" (LOL Again) 63 years young that my patience level with filler Ep's is not what it was. There is too much TV out there to watch. In 1993 it was not until Episode 17 till we really touched back on the alien takeover. That's too long for today's 18-49's. Episode #10 to get back to the William part of the saga. Toooooooo Loooooong<br/><br/>Chris, "Scrap That"!<br/><br/>Bring back the other two agents from season ten. Give them the "filler" Ep's. Then every week Mulder and Scully can focus on CSM and the conspiracy. If this is not done soon, I'm afraid a big Red circle with a red bar through the center will be over the X-Files. <br/><br/>The 6 Rating only is for season 11. Chris make it a 10 please. I wish the first revival had never aired. How sad.<br/><br/>I can't understand how a captivating good plot full of suspense and quite some care about the scientific technicalities of the story (as far as fiction can be hypothesized), good acting and overall ambiance, ended up in a parody like, nonsense plot, where the story seemed demented/an hallucination maybe: it has incoherences, with lose ends, subjects/details mentioned out of nowhere with no continuity, and too many fictional commercial clichés unlike before where the story had a true main theme and sticked to it's very originality and exclusiveness. This looks like making fun at the original series and lovers.<br/><br/>Hope this new thing will make justice to "The X-files" original quality! I am a longtime fan of the X-Files franchise. In my opinion, this was the best sci-fi show on TV during the 90s. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson played the main roles of Fox Maulder and Dana Scully. I remember when I was a younger; I watched the first couple episodes I was hooked on the series. The whole sci-fi, UFO, alien abductions, story line was interesting to me. <br/><br/>If you are a newer generation of TV watchers, I recommend this series to anyone interested in the sci-fi genre. It's a smart, well written series. I hope this review helps others who are looking for something different. The truth is out there. Cheers. The X-Files is a science fiction/horror/drama TV series that revolves around FBI Special Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully,portrayed by David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson respectively.Both agents investigate cases that are categorized as X-Files which are classified as marginalized and unsolved cases that involves paranormal phenomena.Both agents differ in personalities with Mulder being someone who believes in the existence of aliens and paranormal events and Scully as someone who is more of a skeptic who investigates scientific evidence of anything that her partner discovers.Robert Patrick,Annabeth Gish and Mitch Pileggi co-star in the show.<br/><br/>This is definitely one of the best (if not the best) science fiction show ever shown on television.Created by Chris Carter,it definitely has strong writing as well as great performance from its lead stars in Anderson and Duchovny.It has the creepiest,strangest and odd stories in many episodes.It definitely defined on what is present on TV during its existence in the 90's. And they were right, when it first came out I would insist to stay up 'late' and watch it with them and most episodes would scare me. But by the time I was 10 that stopped happening and I started to enjoy one of the best sci-fi shows ever made. My parents have always liked sci-fi quite a bit so I was exposed to the x-files, alien, the terminator, 2001 a space odyssey, all the classic shows and movies by a young age.<br/><br/>At 26 now I have recently re-watched the show and some parts are still creepy and the show definitely holds up all these years later.<br/><br/>What makes the show so good, its hard to say, but I think its the way Mulder and Scully are always portrayed in a realistic believable way. Mulder always like that 'one consspiracy nut' we probably all know, and Scully acts like the super logical 'know-it-all rationalist' that we probably also all know.<br/><br/>Even the 8th and 9th seasons where David Duchovny takes a limited role are still enjoyable, though not as much as the first 7.<br/><br/>Throughout all of them however there is a good balance of 'monster of the week' style episodes where a one of x-file is dealt with, keeping the main story episodes spaced out far enough to always keep you on your toes and guessing, and most importantly, anxious to watch the next episode and see what happens.<br/><br/>They don't make TV like this any more. If you haven't seen it yet stop reading and go, start and S1E1 and enjoy you won't be disappointed. Chris Carter created this long-running series that starred David Duchovny & Gillian Anderson as FBI agents Fox Mulder(the believer) & Dana Scully(the skeptic), who spent nine seasons investigating the paranormal and government conspiracies(ghosts, UFO's, monsters, mutants, etc.) usually covered up by the Smoking Man(played by William B. Davis). Mitch Pileggi played their boss A.D. Skinner, who had to walk a fine line between helping them, but protecting himself against the other. Most episodes were exciting and well-made, with only a few real duds over the years, but far more classics, and epitomizes the 1990's feeling of false security. Trend-setting and influential show that is still popular today. My main memories of The X Files as a child are of the opening theme tune, which my brother was terrified of and "the black man" episode, as we called it as kids. Fans of the series may know which I am referring to, 'Teliko' from season 4. As kids (I was born in '85, my brother in '87), this episode was the scariest thing we'd ever seen and I was apprehensive to watch it when I bought the full series on DVD as an adult a few years ago. Turns out it really isn't one of the scariest at all! <br/><br/>The X Files is in my top three favourite TV shows of all time, moving up and down from first to third place depending on which I'm watching at the moment. Whilst it is 20 years since first airing, I find that it doesn't age, although the 'cell phones' used by Mulder and Scully became progressively smaller! The show provides intrigue, horror, intellect and subtle romance in abundance. There are also some highly amusing and some downright sad episodes thrown in.<br/><br/>Much like one of my other top three (Supernatural, which pays homage to The X Files throughout), there are 'Monster of the Week' episodes interspersed with the ultimate story arc, the existence of extraterrestrials and a worldwide government conspiracy of colonisation. Both prove compelling, with the story arc evolving slowly at first and the stand-alone episodes providing some light relief in later seasons.<br/><br/>As with any programme that runs for 9 seasons, there are some dud moments but these are massively out-weighed by the spectacular writing, direction and acting of the cast. Of course, a special mention goes to David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson as Mulder and Scully. However, there are other characters to love (Skinner) and love to hate (Krycek, CGB Spender).<br/><br/>If you missed this first time around due to age or simply that it didn't look your thing, I would highly recommend it now that the hype is gone. It really is a thoroughly enjoyable show. And for those of you who lived through and loved it, go out and buy the DVD's and relive it again. If your love of The X Files was present back in the day, you won't be disappointed with the re-runs! Why am I adding this so long after the show ended? First off, I was very unhappy with the decision to bring this show back for its last season, it wasn't worth it, Fox has always made terrible decisions with their shows, to me Xfiles stopped in its 8th season and picked it back up in the movie, which wasn't much more then a elongated episodes really.<br/><br/>But I shouldn't magnify that error with saying for the time-frame it was on, it was the best scifi show ever conceived, with so much internal and externals tensions so accurately played on a screen before. It was intelligent ponderence, with minutia that paid off on a weekly basis.<br/><br/>Silverkelt I think many of us adults now hold X-files as a sort of a holy relic. It is one of those events from our childhood that kept our eyes fixated at the TV in awe, keeping us past our bed time. Gillian Anderson provided adolescent boys with material for sexual fantasies. Mulder was the cool adventurer with a gun and a suit, guiding us through the creepy mysteries.<br/><br/>However, looking at the whole show from a closer perspective now brings in light the imperfections, like the closer inspection of childhood heroes often does.<br/><br/>One of the first noticeable things is the difference in acting quality between the two main protagonists Mulder (David Duchovny) and Scully (Gillian Anderson). Maybe it doesn't help that the dialogue given to the skeptic agent Scully is so dry, especially in the beginning of the 1st season, but her acting feels one level below Duchovny's. There are only so much skeptical eye rolling and tired speech a viewer can take. Ms. Anderson does get better as the series progress.<br/><br/>Believability of the characters also becomes shaky after just a few episodes. The main relationship between agent Scully and agent Mulder, which is that between a skeptic and a believer, is one of the defining features of the show, but in the first few episodes Scully already manages with her own eyes to witness several UFOs, confirm that the government is brainwashing people and see a ton of monsters and yet, several chapters into the series, she is still keeping up the disbeliever act. Many shows with two main characters suffer from this problem, not being able to build a believable character arch throughout the show out of fear of changing the working formula.<br/><br/>The story line is the next issue. Part of the curse of the X-Files is that the makers were trying to incorporate in their show all the main folklore tales known to man and do so with a straight face and believability. It can be done if you put some brain into it, but unfortunately logical bloopers in X-Files are common and the quality of storytelling varies from episode to episode, because different episodes are written by different people. There is corner cutting, like when the military uses the same looking uniformed men for military police as the the police uses at another place in another episode; there are occasional illogical plot points, like the by now infamous disappearing tattoo to indicate that a person's soul left the body. Good storytelling is one thing that should not depend upon the size of your budget and therefore X-Files cannot be excused from this flaw.<br/><br/>Thankfully these issues are insignificant and the quality of the show gets better as seasons go by, at least until the later seasons, when the spark ultimately dies out and the plot gets stuck and even Duchovny finally leaves the show. Acting and story glitches apart, the show is quite awesome and ages well. It manages to keep your attention using just the right amount of action, special effects and spooky sound effects to keep things interesting but not so much as to become boring or...bankrupt. There is a wide range between the stories presented. X-files goes from political thriller to mystery to horror and manages to keep that variety up for quite some time. After 2000, we've had some great TV shows, like The Wire, Sopranos and Breaking Bad. Maybe we have to credit Sopranos for that, which created this new tier of TV drama. In the nineties we didn't have shows like that. But if there was a TV show of which each episode looked like a movie, it was The X-Files.<br/><br/>I don't know any other show that had more memorable episodes than The X- Files. I mean, I would say Breaking Bad (created by an X-Files writer) is a better show than The X-Files. But I don't think it has as many memorable episodes as The X-Files had. Each episode of The X-Files was a short movie, and some of those were very good. I never get tired of watching the pilot episode. There are other favorites as well, such as "The Field Where I died", "Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man", "Home" etc.<br/><br/>What I liked the most about the show were the characters Fox Mulder and Dana Scully. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson played them so well. The chemistry between them was just fantastic. In fact, I think theirs are the best love story there's ever been on television.<br/><br/>The writing was great too. What other show has had William Gibson and Stephen King writing episodes for it? Every episode gives you something to think about, even if the stuff that they give you to think maybe totally crazy. <br/><br/>The reason I gave The X-Files 9, not 10 is because the show wasn't consistent. When The X-files was at its strongest, there was nothing better than it. It could even compete with Breaking Bad or Sopranos. But towards the end of the series, it deteriorated, especially after Duchovny's departure from the show. Even before that, some episodes weren't as good as the others. The X-Files really was a series of movies. Some of them weren't as good as the others.<br/><br/>Still, it was the best show of the 90s The X files is the greatest science fiction show of all time, to put it in a nutshell.<br/><br/>At it's time the X files was something that had never been done before, and it has been a phenomenon in television. It was fresh, different and offered the talents of two young stars, David Duchovny as Fox Mulder and Gillian Anderson as Dana Scully.<br/><br/>Every single episode was equally intriguing and compelling, and audiences began to look forward to every episode. With 10 seasons and two successful feature films, The X files is a show not soon to be forgotten.<br/><br/>A brilliant show that deserves to be admired by everyone, even if it makes you feel a bit squeamish. Possibly THE show of the 90's, this was one of those odd moments in TV history whereby a genre specific, cult show hits the mainstream big time. Of course, once the sheep are told by their chosen newspapers that they should be watching it, they follow faithfully and, in this case, it can only have been damaging.<br/><br/>The first three series are stunning: Original, thought provoking and frightening, but once it was realised that it was popular, the experimentation and self congratulation began.<br/><br/>Tense, dramatic and intelligent, with some of the best atmospheric music outside of an Italian Giallo movie, this started out just great. There's still some merit in series 4 through 7, but the hits are less frequent than before.<br/><br/>I guess the good times can never last for long.....<br/><br/>Seasons 8 & 9 - Finally got round to watching Season 8 and, wow, I was blown away. Defying all expectations, the series really returns to form as new FBI Agent John Doggett, played superbly well by Robert Patrick, joins the fray. He's the skeptic and, in a reversal of her original role, Scully is the open-minded believer. Frank Spotnitz and Chris Carter appear to handle most writing duties, which explains the lift in quality as, crucially, the intensity of the first three seasons is back, as electrifying as ever.<br/><br/>A great revival. One late night while I was channel surfing, I came across this very atmospheric and unique series. Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, I had seen the "X Files" advertised, but for whatever reason had never gotten around to watching it. The series centers around two FBI agents, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, who investigate strange happenings across the U.S. The themes range from realistic topics such as government conspiracies and serial killers to more off the beat and path areas such as voodoo, zombies, and the supernatural. The episodes move along at a fairly rapid pace due to all the twists in the plot.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of intelligent drama, mystery, and suspense, then the X Files is for you. X-Files is my all time favorite TV show. I always loved it, and always will. Chris Carter delivered one of the most influential and amazingly written TV cults of all time. X-Files is funny, terrifying and disturbing, suspenseful, thrilling, intense all at once. Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are one of the greatest TV figures. Everyone should agree with that. After watching everything, you just want to believe in life out of earth. As I said, the show's very influential. The episodes, all of them are smart, witty and memorable. I admit, there are some episodes that aren't great, and a little disappointing, but the smart and great episodes just cancels those episodes out immediately. Everything is written with a smart head, and it's truly an honor to experience this amazing ride of seeing things of the paranormal, both disturbing and horrifying, but in the same way, very interesting and gripping. The episodes are crafted so well, I can't get over. I'd say that X-Files has one of the greatest episodes in TV history. The acting for the X-Files is also amazing. David Duchovny(who unfortunately is in rehab for his sex addiction), as Fox Mulder, the funny, smart and talented FBI agent is paired up with the hot and skeptical Dana Scully, played by Gillian Anderson. The two of them together are amazing and great. They are the best. Just watching an episode, I feel great to see two good actors, part of a great TV show, with excellent writing. I need a dose of Mulder/Scully every week, because they're are my foundation and beginning of my interest in this show. Watch one episode, and see for yourself. Aliens. Fluke men. Invisible and telekinetic psychics. May sound stupid now, but when you see it, you'll be satisfied. 10/10 The Best. Having been a fan of "The X Files" since its initial release in 1993, I have recently come into possession of a boxed set of all nine series. Whilst I initially watched The X Files as a young fan one episode a week, hooked on the mysteries of each episode and the long-running alien conspiracy story lines involving recurring characters, I am now able to watch episode after episode without a break. <br/><br/>What strikes me now is, whereas initially the individual plots and the long-term story arc were what kept me watching as a youngster (as well of course as the Mulder-Scully dialogue and developing relationship), what impresses me most (and so far I'm only part-way through series 2) is the high level of support acting. The performances not only of David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, but also of single-episode actors - many of whom are well-known actors in their own rights - is remarkable. In particular, I refer to actors such as Brad Dourif (S1E12, "Beyond the Sea"), Zeljko Ivanek (S1E22, "Roland"), Steve Railsback (S2E5&6, "Duane Barry" and "Ascension"), Nick Chinlund and Mark Saunders (both S2E13, "Irresistible") to name but a few. <br/><br/>I urge anybody watching The X Files, particularly those who criticise for poor story lines, to pay closer attention to the outstanding level of acting that can be seen in almost all X Files episodes (excluding the pilot episode) before judging this series or giving a low rating. That theme still sends chills through me, not my cheap version, but the actual theme. The X Files came at the right time, and America ate it up with good reason. At the time it was the scariest thing on Friday for kids with no dates (of which I was one). Who didn't fall in love with Scully, the hot smart chick who used science to prove everything, and who didn't wish they could be Mulder, the guy who wanted to believe and constantly found proof of his belief every week. The show gave us some of the best lines in TV history from "The Truth is out There" to "Trust no one" and on and on. Some of the best episodes on TV which still hold up today and the best series from Chris Carter (MillenniuM is up there too, but thats another review) It is still the only series where I yell at the screen for Mulder and/or Scully to not open the door, or to run...classic scare tactics that delivered week after week. A mythology arc that put other shows to shame and a cast of characters with names easy to remember (guy that smokes...cigarette smoking man...cut it and print it) REAL must see TV. Watch it once, you'll be hooked. I really love "The X-Files" series, I'm a fan. It was in 1994 or 1995 here in Québec (if someone know the first air-date of "Ghost in the Machine" in Qc, tell me, I'm really curious!) and just after seeing it, I said to my mom "Why didn't you tell me that it was on TV??? You know that I love these things so much!" OK, back at the moment I was only 9 or 10 y.-o., X-Files was at 9:00 PM and my mom decided to record for me every episode, each Thursday night in TQS (before it went at Z-Télé some years later). I was watching it the day after. Then, I became a huge fan of the series, even watching the original English episodes at Fox Television by 1997. 10/10 for the entire series! I found this show in December of 2004 when it was on when nothing else was and having heard the name I decided to tune it in on TNT. After several episodes of "WOW this is pretty good" a workmate lent me his DVD's and suggested that I start from the beginning and "Pay Attention". I am here to say that this is, by far, the best TV show in the history of the world. I'm on my way through for the second time now and it's even better than before. I only regret that I missed it during it's first run. Every aspect of video entertainment is here, drama, sci fi, legal, medical, humor, etc. I'm awed and wishing more shows could follow suit, which, of course is impossible. >>>-Tiribulus-> I was recently introduced to this show by my mom. At the time that it was actually airing on TV I didn't really know much about it nor did I have much of a care for sci-if/horror things. Sadly though it's hard to find it on at normal times accept between 12am and 6am however I'm so addicted to this show that I stay up all night watching it and sleep during a percentage of the day. Yes I do recored them but I still watch them. There are so many great episodes it's really hard to pick a favorite and the scripts are great so many unforgettable lines. This show is full of science fiction and horror along with a good bit of humor. I love the way the main characters just work so well together. The first through fifth seasons are the best the sixth and seventh are OK but as Mulder left the series in the eighth and ninth seasons they just weren't the same. I'm not going to tell you every episode will blow you away because some of them are a little... blah but the amazing ones cancel these out by a long shot. I must admit that I wasn't a regular follower of the X-Files until recently. Although I feel that I cheated myself for not watching the series while it was a current show, that by ordering the full nine seasons of the X-Files has me looking forward to every episode.<br/><br/>I only recently ordered, and started watching the X-files. I wanted to see the show from it's pilot movie until the end. I am not even half way through the episodes yet but I find myself looking forward to each episode. I am not a young fan of the X-Files but I still find it rewarding. I just wish I would have followed the show as it was being made, looking forward to to the next episode. I still look forward to them but find it hard to believe that some of these were over 10 years ago. Well, got to go watch another episode. Really enjoying this. This was good for television. " The Truth Is Out There ". Gotta love it. The X-Files has always been one of My Dads favorite shows to watch. Of course, I started getting into it only about a month ago. It started after I finished watching Spongebob. (That show is cute for all ages) at five O'clock, I went to the TV guide channel after words, and saw that the X-Files was on, I know my Dad like it, so I decided to check it out. The first one I saw was The Pilot (The First Episode) The first one I really understood, was an episode I am yet to discover the name of. (One with Max, Tony, and that cave with the paranormal activity.) It is one of my favorites still today.<br/><br/>Recenty, I rented I the first two DVD's of the 1st season, it was really outstanding, I saw The Pilot again, and this time I actually understood it, probably because I paid more attention. But The Best episode I've seen is Episode Eight, Ice. It reminds me of The Thing, but in a way, I believe it is much better.<br/><br/>The Truth is Out There.... Another reason why I like it so much is because, I myself have no doubts of aliens existing, they are here. And the truth is out there. That Catch Phrase caught my attention as soon as I heard it!<br/><br/>If you are looking for a Series of shows that you want to watch every night. Try the X-Files, Every Night, on Sci-Fi, you will surely not be disappointed. Abstolutely loved X-Files. I recently got a chance to watch seasons 5,6,7,8,9 and parts of seasons 1,2,4. When I was younger I was too afraid to watch X files and I'm kinda glad I waited and said cause there's barely anyone to talk to about it. I had a chance to watch entire seasons on DVD instead of waiting 1 year per season which was great. I had only seen a few or parts of an episode of the series but I was always interested. The show was creative and always had some intriguing story to be told. I read a previous review saying this show went downhill in the later seasons and that is not true. The show may have been more raw and grittier the first few seasons but after a few seasons you gotta lighten up but still have some raw episodes which it did. I'd strongly recommend watching it in order but doesn't really matter considering most episodes are side stories. This show is a must for any TV fans. Takes you and a fantastic epic journey of suspense and discovery with the best ending I'd ever seen for any TV show. I'm not someone who watches TV very often.  I found out about this show back in the mid 90's.  I was hooked after that!  It's one of the best series shows I've ever seen.  All good things must come to an end and although the writers had pretty much run out of material in the final season, it's too bad that it ended. I was as faithful an X-File fan as any Trekkie is a Star Trek fan!! The x-files was a really good show.... for awhile. It started to drop off after about the 7th season. Although I continued watching through the next 2 seasons, I was slightly disappointed. Overall, this show (when it was in its prime) was one of the best on T.V. 8.5/10 I think that at this point, everyone knows about the X Files.  Even if you're not into sci-fi, you know about this show.  And what a jolly good show it is.  Mulder and Scully are both so deadpan, it's practically funny. The writing for this was always fresh, too.<br/><br/>I think it was probably about time for the show to end, though.  I'm sure no one wanted to be stereotyped as those characters, and besides, it's best to go out before the show gets stale.  Jolly. The truth is that Chris Carter is a very good writer/director. Whenever you watch an interview with him (despite a slight stutter) you know that he is a very clever man who has a very good brain in his head. The main problem in my opinion, and the reason the series did indeed go down hill so quickly is because from about season 3 it turned into an ironic sit-com, it was trying to become the Freinds of the Sci-Fi world. The first season was beyond brilliance, it had some of the best episodes and the same can be said for season 2. But the real 'Shark Pool' story line was when the whole 'WHO is Mulders dad?' came across, I am not sure why they felt the need to bring this story line about, it hinderd more then made it work and in my opinion it was one of the worst ideas Mr Carter had.<br/><br/>It also didn't work when Mulder left, mulder was the man that made the X-Files, Mulder gave the program life, Ducovney (I hope I have spelt that right)made the charecter of Fox Mulder real to us all, he made us want to believe in ET's and UFO's, when he left it wasn't really about ET's anymore, it seemed to follow basic stories that quite honestlly wern't all that intersting.<br/><br/>Both actors were great, I will not take that away from them, they both brought life to there charecters, they made us them love them and it worked so well with the reversal of roles. The season 1 had so many great episodes (my personal favourite was the episode 'Fire') and I wish they had just left it where it was and stopped at season 4 and Carter could have concentrated on Mellenium. Its been a couple of months since it ended and now I can still enjoy one of my favorite shows of all time on sindication.<br/><br/>The fact remains though. I really miss this show.<br/><br/>Unlike a lot of fans I like all episodes of the show, though sometimes without mulder it seems a little empty. But with his absence I really grew to like Scully a lot more than I had before, she has become a role model, and a strong symbol.<br/><br/>Anyway, I just felt like expressing my love for the show. I know when I get older, and if TV Land is still in existence I will be watching this show, and maybe have my kids watching it with me for the first time, Ill get to see there interest and excitement for those famous characters Mulder and Scully...it will remind me of myself, not too long ago. The X-files may be over, but thousands of fans will remember it for years to come as one of the best shows of all time, and there is no doubt that it will become as much of a legend as it was a cult. If you have never seen it before, i recommend seeing the first episode, or at least reading about it, as it may ease some initial confusion. However, even though the vast number of intertwined conspiracies can become confusing, everything gets sorted out at the end. Long live the X-files! And congratulations to the crew and cast for nine years of heartstopping television. When I first heard about The X-Files, I didn't care. I was a third grader, and hadn't yet discovered science fiction. But then I saw an episode from the fourth season. I was interested. Ok, more than interested. Obsessed. I devoured the fiction books, and the episode guides. After buying the movie (w/out seeing it in theaters or renting it, just after a flip through the books on it), I was hooked. I've watched the show faithfully ever since. And it's been great. But I will admit, at times, I've been disappointed (such as when Scully gave up William), but nothing is perfect. And even I had to concede that while i was disappointed, those "disappointing" episodes added to the show intricate storyline. The X-Files has given me thrills, chills, laughs, tears, and more. But Never Boredom. It was constantly pushing to see where it could go. If Chris Carter's plan for a second movie is successful, it is a definite fact that this time, I will see it in theaters. And if not, then this X-Phile (and Shipper), will have to be content to view the reruns, buy the merchandise, and watch the movie as often as possible. And in the case of the merchandise, as often as I can afford it. To the stars, guests, crew, producers (Chris Carter, especially), and the networks, thanks for many great years that have been, and the many more to come as I continue to do the above mentioned. The first time I saw this show I just caught the start and spent the whole programme wondering whether this was meant to be serious (one of those "real life mystery reconstuction" shows) or an "Outer Limits"-style screenplay. The shaky camerawork, unknown actors and dreadful wooden acting actually made me decide it must be the former. By the end I found that I really enjoyed this. What a great idea - a sci-fi/horror series filmed in the style of a "real-life reconstruction" crime show. David Duchovny's wooden acting and monotone delivery and Gillian Anderson's FBI-agent-next-door style really gave the show a realistic edge ('cause believe it or not, some people aren't hyperbolically emotive or stunningly beautiful in real life!). The unusual stories, realisic settings and darkly mysterious cityscapes (along with the grainy film quality) gave the show a strange fantasy/realism crossover which was very appealing. Sadly, the show became big. The stars' fees and egos became bigger. And the edgy faux realism was replaced by showbiz glitz.<br/><br/>THE X-FILES WORKED AS A SCI-FI SHOW, NOT A SOAP OPERA! I for one couldn't give a monkeys whether Scully and Mulder were ever going to "get it on". The bigger Scully's hair got, the less she looked like a working FBI agent, the less convincing the show was. And then the sci-fi fan writers moved in. Goodbye any complex characterisation; from now on character progression must be heavy-handed. Worst of all, the oh-my-God-so-tiresome unfunny in-joke tripe of episodes like "Jose Chung's From Outer Space" began. Perhaps you can see the contrast between this and the show which had me wondering whether it was a documentary or not.<br/><br/>I stopped watching eventually but have caught a few of the recent episodes with Robert Patrick as Doggett. While Patrick himself has some charisma, the show has the air of being just plain stretched too thin. It's a weary old dog now, tired of being forced to work any longer and waiting for it's nice dog basket in cancellation land. In every sence, The X Files was fresh, new, and different when I first started watching. Everything about it, from the characters to the stories, were different for me. The way that the X Files was, and will forever be in all of it's dedicated fans, was just an unforgettible ride through conspiracy, paranormal, and even through all that, humanity. Chris Carter created a show that had characters that were well known even to people who had never watched the show. Through the nine years, the progression of story, conspiracy, characters, and many other points, twisted trough a wild, but trackible, maze. Mulder and Scully had real bases. They were people who had grown up in the real world... well at least Scully did. Even the two season-eight-introduced agents, Doggett and Reyes, were just like gender opposites of the original X Files team... with a little more extreme. Many famous geust stars came through the show and many not-so-famous people as well (example: I just back checked everyone in the cast of Minority Report and about 16 people in that movie were once in The X Files [in which I also counted Lucy Liu {'Hellmoney'} who did a camio in that movie) In the end, The X Files will be missed by many dedicated fans but, in my opinion, has left a large mark in the TV industry. Thank you. Thank you, Chris Carter for your show, thank you, thank you, thank you, it's been great. The X-Files is and will ever remain, in my view, the greatest show ever to grace the silver screen. Everything about it was just original and brilliant, and I know since I've been a fan since it started. The characters, the writing, the acting, just everything is just perfectly brilliant. <br/><br/> I wonder if David Duchovony and Gillian Anderson knew that they'd creat cultural icons when the started to play the characters of FBI agents Mulder and Scully, who investigate strange and bizarre cases in the division of the X-Files. Cause they did. Everyone knows who Mulder and Scully are, even those who never watched the show, it just became that big. The acting by these two and all the others who have graced the show over the years. The writing throughout the years has been so exceptional--- the stories, the character development, all amazing and again, IMHO the greatest television ever. The scripts are so involved and worked on, showing the great and truthful research in Scully's dialouge, and countless other things. Scully and Mulder have had the greatest chemistry in TV history and I for one loved, LOVED, LOVED the final episode, it was just exceptional, they couldn't have possibly ended it any better, I really hope they just leave it at that and don't do a second movie. <br/><br/> Concluding, here's to you, The X-Files people who gave to the world the greatest ever TV show, it's been great, and most of all, thanks. It is sad thinking of no new X-Files episodes being on Sunday nights next season, in the best hour of television, but it's a been great. The X-Files is, was, and will forever be my favorite television show of all time. As I sit here just hours after the series finale I'm filled with bittersweet feelings. It was during season four that I was 'infected' by The X-Files and the wonderfully scary stories it had to tell. These past five years have made me a true fan collecting books, posters, Barbie Dolls, and, my favorite, DVD's.<br/><br/>Each Sunday since the 1995/96 season I sat myself before the TV, filled with anticipation and hope at the wonders CC and Co. would lay before me. I've been on one giant emotional roller coster with every story thrown at the fans. The people of The X-Files made me laugh, cry, scream in fright, and, yes, even throw stuffed animals at the screen in frustration and anger. For these past five years I've been called 'crazy' and 'obsessed' by friends and family alike. And I loved every minute of it. No other show in my 22 years has had such an effect on me. Some came close but only one now appears to be following in The X-Files footsteps. Perhaps because it is in many ways so much like The X-Files itself.<br/><br/>In many recent articles Frank Spotnitz and the like promised we'd be satisfied, and while no show it 100% perfect and I do have my qualms about certain decisions made, I was most definitely satisfied. As the show has now come to an end I'm filled with relief that finally one show of my formerly many favorites, survived to the end. This is one series that will stay with me forever.<br/><br/>Thanx to CC and Co. for nine, wonderful, aggravating and touching years.<br/><br/>The Truth Is Out There, and here's hoping it makes it back to the silver screen so that we may see it happen.<br/><br/>Goodnight. This is the most powerful, emotional series ever. It is more cinematically filmed than any show on television (and most likely the reason why the movie, although good, was disappointing.) The plot lines are suspenseful, and the relationship between FBI Agents Mulder and Scully (wonderfully portrayed by David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson) creates more drama, humor and tragedy than any of those so-called "real life" shows like Party of Five or Dawson's Creek. This is the definitive example of why television can occupy the highest plane of art. My thanks to Chris Carter for being the genius he is. The X Files is one of the few programs you could ever truly love.  The characters, the ongoing plots, the contrasts between serious episodes and humorous episodes is what makes people tune in every week for a new installment. It's not possible to characterise it as a sci-fi series. It could not possibly be pigeon-holed into a genre - it's too original and unlike anything else for that. In years to come, it will be seen as a classic so I advise everyone to watch it now while it's still around! As a former X-Files "diehard" from day one, I wanted to present my comments on this once-classic show.<br/><br/>It's funny how people initially get turned on to a new tv show, movie or whatever...I distinctly remember that Friday night back in September of 1993 when the show first premiered on Fox; my intentions that night had been to watch a brand new show called "The Adventures of Brisco County" which also premiered that night -- how many of you still remember that one? The show was an oddball/western starring Bruce Campbell (of "The Living Dead" fame); needless to say, that show didn't even last the whole season before being canceled. However, after that show ended I decided to stay on Fox for the following show, also a new one, which came on at 9 p.m. I didn't know anything about it but the previews looked good. What can you say...after watching that first episode, I was hooked!!<br/><br/>Combining science fiction with reality drama, the X-Files would go on to become (in my humble opinion) the best tv show in the mid-nineties...period! The first season was a little raw, but by the start of the second season, the show had already become a cult classic.<br/><br/>I'm not going to mention any specific episodes as the other reviewers  here have covered that subject in depth; however, I would have to agree that the best seasons of the X-Files were probably from season 1 to season 5 ('93-98) while the show was being filmed in Vancouver, Canada. There was something about the scenery there that gave the show an added "creepiness dimension" that was sorely missing after the show moved to LA in 1998 for the sixth season. By the way, I always thought the music was the best thing about the show (great music all the way through).<br/><br/>As far as how the show is currently doing, it is hard for me to watch any longer; I thought the premiere for the 2001 season last week was an exercise in futility! It was nice to see Lucy Lawless break away from her "Xena roots" but she wasn't in much of the storyline. Agent Doggett does his job skillfully and proficiently but he's no Mulder. Let's face it folks, when you lose your main character (with Mulder's departure this season) you take the heart out of the show; even with Scully still around, it's just not the same. Mulder/Scully were a unique combination of talents and chemistry and it was always them against the world, so to speak. Now, you seem to have an X-Files committee on there every week with Scully, Doggett and Skinner, plus assorted others, fighting off the bad guys. The show has simply lost its bearing and its heart. Now, it's all about money (right, Fox?)! Another mistake the show made was moving from Fridays (first 3 seasons) to Sundays during the fourth season -- should have left it alone where it was on Friday nights.<br/><br/>I was glad to hear that Gillian Anderson will be leaving after this season; it's time for everyone to get on to other things...let us remember the show as it was in its first few seasons: a true classic! One other caveat: it was announced last week by Chris Carter that they will be making a sequel to the first X-Files movie, to be released in 2003. All I can say is I hope it's better than the first one, which was just ordinary by my standards. But to be fair, even with the gradual falling off of creativity that this show has evinced in the last few years, it's still better than 90% of what is currently on tv, which I guess shows how great this show really was back in the early days. It will be interesting to see how they reincarnate Mulder and bring him back for the new movie!<br/><br/>
My advice: if you don't like the new shows this season, then watch the reruns on FX and skip the rest! I only started to watch te X-files a few weeks ago. Now I really adore the serie because it makes me think, It makes me question everything I take for normal. When I've watched an episode I always stay behind with more questions than answers but somehow that doesn't bother me. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny are brilliant in the roles of dana Scully, the sceptic, and Fox Mulder, the believer. The truth is out there! The X-Files is the best television show of all time.Special agent Fox Mulder is probably the Best character in the history of television.This show is amazing and i hope that in the 9th season the truth that Mulder was after during 8 years will be finally revealed.Scully's baby will be world's salvation,and i hope that the Cigarette-smoking man show's up again.Anyhow,The X-Files is awesome and everyone should see it. I have to admit that I am completely addicted to this programme. The very first episode I saw was "The List" when I was about 13. I was drawn into it in a way that I have never been before. It was amazing. All of a sudden, this new world had been opened up to me, and I began to think "what if this sort of thing does go on in the world?"<br/><br/>The episodes just got better and better. Especially the ones from the mythology arc. I was enthralled just imagining what sort of things the Government get up to! <br/><br/>I now have a rather extensive video collection of X Files episodes. It is the only programme I will not miss!<br/><br/>The episodes went from strength to strength and "Requim" had me in tears. I honestly cannot imagine the X Files without Mulder. It seemed to be about his quest for the truth and his sister (although that has now been explaned). I shall still watch it though.<br/><br/>I think that Krycek is an excellent character. He is the guy I love to hate....you can never quite tell whose side he is actually on!<br/><br/>I don't really have a favourite episode as I love most of them! I thought "Memento Mori" was a real tear jerker, but I still liked it. I also like some of the more humerous episodes such as "Bad Blood" and "The Post Modern Prometheus". <br/><br/>I saw the movie when it came out and thought it was amazing, but the coridoor scene with Mulder and Scully made me cry, and does so every time when I watch it on video! This series brings out so many emotions in me and always leaves me wondering "What if......"<br/><br/>Anyway, I've gone on long enough! Hope you all like this programme as much as me! I absolutely adore this show!! I love the way Chris Carter has made the "good guys" good without being annoying. (Congrats 2 u!!!) The introduction of new-comer Special Agent John Doggett was unexpected for me, but he's pretty cool. I was surprised when I viewed Robert Patrick's  film list earlier - seems I've seen him in numerous movies before and never knew it!! To go from such "baddies" like T-1000 (T2-Judgment Day) or Coach Willis (The Faculty) to the goodest of good SA Doggett is not something I'd be able to do myself. I bow down 2 u, Robert Patrick! The "bad guys", however are a different story. I dunno, I like Krycek, he's a real SOB but the Smoking Man, and Kersh (is that how you spell it), I just wanna shoot in the forehead. They annoy me. Especially Kersh. I hope someone can tell me why the X-Files and Fox Mulder in particular are such a threat to him. But all in all, I give a 9/10 for it. This is the best show on TV.I love it!I started watching when I was eight.[the second season]I have been a die-hard fan ever since.I think the show improved over the years.The fist couple of years I started watching it the graphics were not that great and David and Gillian didn't play their parts well.BUT NOW....The graphics are good and the acting great!I feel like I'm part of the show when watching it!<br/><br/>I think it's sad that David isn't in every episode now.I think David really made the whole show come together.Gillian is a still just as great though.The new guy they got to take David's place isn't very good.[He is also very ugly]But it does add a new twist to the show.<br/><br/>I don't think the show is as good as it use to be in some areas but better in other areas.<br/><br/>This season hasn't been that great but I'm still going to see this show till the very end!Scully's baby,Mulder's disappearance and the new agent are all things to make a faithful fan keep watching!And I don't think the TV ratings are down either. "The X Files" is quite possibly the best show of the 90's.  David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson star as Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully.  Or at least they used to.  Because of a law suit with FOX, David Duchovny will only appear in 11 episodes this season.  Apparently, FOX didn't pay him some of the money that he deserved.  <br/><br/>I was about 7 when the show first started, so I wasn't into it.  But then I saw the movie and I started watching the show religiously.  I like the episodes from the 1st couple of seasons more than I like the more recent ones.  The show started to noticeably slip during the 7th season.  And now I absolutely hate the 8th season.  I'm still watching it but I believe that they should have canceled the show with Mulder's abduction and then just made a movie.  The ratings are up but I still miss David Duchovny and the passion of his role as Mulder.<br/><br/>Robert Patrick is good as Agent Dogget...but I just get to like him.  He doesn't have the same passion for the job that Mulder had.  He's just there as a character who is quite similar to Scully when she first started.  I haven't really seen him and Scully interact much.  It seems like the episodes with him on them barely have her.<br/><br/>They have also added a new female character who used to work in the Ritualistic Homicide unit of the FBI.  Her character name is Monica Reyes but I'm not sure of her real name.  Is it Anabella Gish or Isabella Gish? Well, her character is kind of likable...but she really has no role in the show so far.  I have a little bit of doubt about her.  Has anyone noticed that she smokes the same cigarettes as CSM did?<br/><br/>It also seems that Scully has become kind of dumb without Mulder there to back her up.  She is looking for protection so she goes to a military base? Like how many times have her and Mulder been screwed over by some kind of Military officials?  She is pregnant now...I hope with Mulder's baby. Because of the whole artificial inseminations thing.  If she has an alien baby the show will just be too trashy.<br/><br/>So the episodes aren't all that great this season, even though I've heard that ratings are up. But it's mostly man killing man now...and all of the stuff has been done in earlier episodes.  I don't think that CC's heart is really into the episodes.  After this season, his and Gillian's contracts are over.  So this may be the end of the show that made me believe.  But we can still watch the reruns from the first couple of seasons.  They are much more enjoyable. the X-files has been my favorite show for quite some time now. i love it to no end, and i will miss it terribly when it goes off air. when it first aired i was only 8 years old,and was really scared by some of the episodes,that i actually saw,so i really didnt get into it until around 1996 when i was 12. the first full episode that i saw was Ice, and i loved it! i started watching it in earnest and now i've seen most of the episodes that i missed. i love most of the episodes exept for one which jumps to mind as possibly the worst episode ever.(to me at least) that episode is Home. I absolutely hated that episode from beggining to end. it is disgusting,and also confusing. other than that,this show is entertaining and scary at times. in my opinion the 6th and 7th season were the best yet. there were so many great episodes in these seasons! i recomend this show to anyone that loves the paranormal! ......... to be perfectly honest, I have to come clean and say I'm a total Mulder-ite.  In the UK here we've only just seen the first two episodes of series 8, and although I freely admit that Patrick is a first class actor, call me sentimental if you like but to me the X Files isn't the X Files without Mulder and his devotion to finding the truth.  Of course things move on and actors go on to do other things, so this sort of thing is inevitable in a show that has been going as long as the X Files has.  As my subject line says, it's early days yet here in the UK and no doubt time will tell. I for one can't wait until later in the season when Mulder does return in more episodes.  I miss him terribly!!! I had never heard of the X Files during the entire first season.  I was a big DS1 fan.  Oh, I don't look back on those days in pride.  However, when a friend told me about the show, I got hooked.  I've seen every show from the first four seasons, except for the episode "Ice."  I loved that show, and I watched it religeously.  However, after the movie, it became far too hard to keep up with, and it lost a lot.  However, if you want some good watching, infact, the two greatest episodes of any show ever, check out the episodes, "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose" and "Beyond the Sea."  I don't want to down the rest of the episodes from back them, but in a field of KISS songs, these are the Beths.  That is, if you like KISS, and how could you not?  Don't get me wrong on another thing, either.  There were plenty of really good episodes AFTER the movie, it's just that the plot had gotten kind of bad. The baseball episode was superb, it just wasn't the same because the plot got bad.  I officially stopped watching when it was revealed that Mulder's sister was kidnapped and buried, not abducted.  It just didn't make any sense!  Why was the government THAT involved, then?  Ugh.  And the whole CGB Spinner having a Samantha clone REALLY didn't make any sense.  But, the old stuff was some REALLY good stuff. I haven't seen many episodes although I can assure you this is not just a big bunch of miserable fx and lame acting. NO sir! The X-files are quality. Dunno why Duchovny said goodbye -- but it sure changed a lot! That's one more thing I don't understand. So he left. Big deal! Just find someone else - in this case it's Robert Patrick, not a bad choice but... - and the problem is solved. WRONG!!! That's NO way of treating all those loyal fans, spending hours and hours of their lives watching the X-files! But since it has already happened, I must admit it's good they chose a guy who's had a lot of experience (anyone remember Terminator II?). Sooooo, after careful consideration, this series deserves the 7.5/10. The Best. Now, the following comment, is about an episode I saw yesterday. I don´t know the real name of the episode, but it´s that one filmed like a COPS video show! You know! I have to say, it´s really great. It could have been made better, but it is still good. :) It was like blairwitch project or somethin! too bad we never saw the Wasp Man! I saw my first X-Files episode a few years ago. Sure I had heard about this series before but somehow I thought it was not for me. But the episode I saw changed everything. It made me a X-Files fan in less than 30 minutes.<br/><br/>Now I´ve watched (almost) every episode that´s been shown on tv. All I can say is that the X-Files is a classic. It´s thrilling and always interesting, NEVER terrible. There have been some weird episodes but they´ve been great in their own special way. Sometimes it´s impossible to keep up with the plot but that just makes the show even better. Gillian and David deserve praises as well for their wonderful performances.<br/><br/>If you haven´t watched the X-Files you have really missed something unique. It´s an unforgetable show. If you don´t believe me... The truth is out there to be found... Through 7 seasons with agents Mulder and Scully, "The X-Files" has had it's highs and lows, but solidly remains one of the best shows (if not the best show) on TV. Most episodes offer an intelligent treatment of the paranormal. This show has the capacity to frighten, confuse, and amuse. Every season offers a different feel, so there is potential appeal for all sci-fi fans. There is a reason this show has such a devoted following: it is endlessly intriguing and charming. X Files is one of my faves, I have been watching for about 4 years. Movie was ok. Shows aren't as good as they used to be, but I highly reccomend it to anyone. It's on FOX Sunday nights. I liked it better when it was on Fridays, cuz it was a good way to start the weekend, now it's a good way to end the weekend. I should start with making the statement that admittedly I'm not a die-hard fan of "The X-Files" (but, blimey, Chris Carters second and unfortunately cancelled second show "Millennium"<br/><br/>simply GOT me), yet I still like to watch "The X-Files". I've started to watch the show regularly since the second season and that's my impression of the progress of the show so far: the second and third season were really exciting to watch and though it wasn't exactly new I've had high expectations for the seasons to come. Sadly, the decline of the show started right with the beginning of the fourth season: some scripts included countless plot holes and were totally uninspired. But then again, the fourth season also delivered my all-time favourite "Home" from James Wong & Glen Morgan as well as other memorable episodes. I remember season five mostly for Kings and Gibsons episodes, but I also realized that this season already had less good stories than the fourth one. The movie "Fight the Future" was disappointing and indecisive, so I hoped for recompensation in season six. Since the BBC still has to air most of the S6 installments, my conclusion might not be fair, but so far, the sixth season has been a big letdown, apart from "Triangle" and the "Dreamland" twoparter. Season seven is no improvement: only the Millennium crossover and Jeffrey Bells "The Goldberg Variation" really rocked so far. Like the fifth and sixth season the latest one offers more mediocre episodes (even terrible ones like "Orison") than one can bear. To make it short: the reader who complained about the inconsistent quality of "The X-Files" got the point. Don't get me wrong: I still want to watch the show. I love Gillian Anderson and the show undoubtedly offered us some of the most thrilling moments in 90s television. But I'm beginning to admire it less and I just hope that the upcoming stories are equally good as "Millennium" and "The Goldberg Variation" (Andersons own "All things" and William B. Davis "En Ami" sounds intriguing) To be honest, I'm not sure whether I really want an eighth season (if reports are to believed Duchovny signed for 11 episodes, after the lawsuit against Fox was ended). I'd rather want to see some really good movie sequels instead of watching an eighth season where even the greatest fans might realise that in terms of quality the show is biting the dust.. Since I saw the movie in the summer I had to watch the series.  Before I was into the X-Files, I watched a couple of episodes, but never really paid any attention.  Since the movie, I had to watch it.  Now, before and after the 10PM news, I watch the X-Files.  I must say, the holiday episodes this year are really "X"-cting!  For those of you who don't watch the show, it's pretty good! I never really started watching this show until the last few months, and now I haven't missed one in a long time.  Lucky fo rme, they show reruns on Saturday night and Sunday night here in the Twin Cities, so I'm getting caught up pretty quickly.  They showed the first ever episode the other night, which was really good. A lot of things can be said about this show. Some "conventional" critics blasted it early on because the production wasn't as great as some of the major networks' big-budget competitors, while others praised it for being incredibly well written, acted, and conceived.<br/><br/>Once the show caught on after a few years, it got a bigger budget and it shows in the end result. Now, critics blast it for being self-righteous (character voice-overs and deep philosophical content). Oh well, some critics are hypocrites. Just watch and enjoy. There are only about 5 or so episodes out of over 150 that don't leave you hanging and entertained. Watch for the AMAZING performances by William B. Davis (Cigarette-Smoking Man), who isn't in every episode.<br/><br/>The "Triangle" episode (#7.03), which was filmed in continuous takes and a writing masterpiece (an homage to Hitchcock's "Rope" and "The Wizard of Oz"), is the most entertaining 42 minutes of television OR film I've ever seen. XF is one of my favorite shows ever and there are many reasons why.  Here are ten of mine 1) It is thrilling like no other show.  The scary plots, the suspense that build in conspericies.  No other show bothers with that.  All the episodes fall neatly into place with creepy endings. 2) Wry sense of humor. Oh to quote Mulder and Scully saying things like "Siskle or Ebert " on finding a severed thumb? There are hundreds of great quotes like that.  And then serious, poetic ones which would be reason (3). 4) Continuing story line.  The conspiricy is great especially when it is about the experiments the government did and Mulder's sister and the after mathe of Scully's abduction (note to producers: great way of writing some one out for a maternity leave).  Sure, the missing link and "Alien" like metamorphasus of the black oil was not that great and a little flat. 5) Interesting supporting players.  I'm always excited when one of Mulder's contacts (Deep Throat, Mr. X and Marita Covearubius) shows up.  And the bad guys...  Wonderful, love them all (C.S.M. W.M.M. and Krychek especially).  And then their are the agents family members who all play off one another well.    To bad all of Mulder's are dead now.  We still have Skinner.  Not to mention, is anyone certain who of these people are really good. Ahh the paranoia. 6) Lest I forget the Mulder/Scully relationship.  Like no other t.v. show relationship ever in how it is never clear what is going on between them.  A good thing, epecially as there are too many Dave-Maddie clones.  The only thing influence "Moonlighting" here is the genre busting episodes like "Triangle" and "X-Cops".  Definite Good thing(7). 8) They got William Gibson, Tom Maddox and Stephen King to Write episodes.  What other show can boast that. 9) Strong lead.  David and Gillian are excellent actors. and the tenth reason... 10) Well written MOW episodes. This show is so well-made, that it almost doesn't fit in with other network shows. Although the main plot is about extra-terrestrials and other paranormal activity, the show goes much deeper than this. The characters are what makes it so much more successful than all other science-fiction programs. On one hand, you have FBI Agent Fox "Spooky" Mulder, a believer in the paranormal who is seen by just about everybody as completely insane and, as he puts it, "the FBI's most unwanted". But if you look deeper, you'll see a very troubled man haunted by his sister's abduction by aliens when he was only a child. This whole incident left his childhood shattered by guilt, as he felt responsible (and believes his parents think him responsible too) for his sister's abduction. And then, on the other hand, you have Agent Dana Scully, a skeptic who always feels her science challenged by the cases she deals with. She is a strong-willed, extremely smart, down to earth woman, but even through all these things, she isn't anywhere close to perfect. She is extremely reserved, and has built a strong brick wall around her emotions, which is good for when it comes to work, but when personal issues arise, she has a hard time breaking down the wall, so everything just builds up inside. However, she is extremely faithful to Mulder, always at his side through thick and thin, and would never let him down. They're complete opposites, but opposites attract, and these two agents who used to just be friends are finding themselves attracted to one another. The sexual tension between them was first noticed around the end of season 5, and has kept rising and rising. Altogether, Chris Carter has created a wonderful show who's spirit will live on long after the final episode. It is a definite Classic-to-be. This is my number one favorite show.  If you like Science-Fiction shows then you would love this one.  I own the movie, the computer game(which I have beaten four times) and some of "The X-Files" books.  I think that in some parts of the show Mulder gets kind of funny. One of the greatest shows in the history of television is The X-Files. Created by Chris Carter, this is a remarkable tale of two FBI agents looking into the paranormal and into a deep age old alien/government conspiracy. Fascinating enough to give Oliver Stone envy. The X Files is my favorite Tv show of all time. I don't care about conspiracy theories, aliens, whatever the hell other people might watch it for. I just think it's great television. I give each episode a rating and none of been lower than three stars for good. To misquote Will Rogers, I've never seen an X Files episode I didn't like. The only negative comment I had about the series at first was that there was no real rapport between the leading characters. But my opinion there has changed.Anderson has shown herself to be an excellent actress, particulary in the episodes where her faith plays a central part. For me the jury is still out on Duchovny. The X files is an intelligent, exciting, suspenseful, gripping tv series, and I love it. "The X-Files" has to be one the smartest, if not the smartest show to ever bee produced on television. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny bring such an intelligence to the characters and the situations that they face, that even if you are as skeptical as Scully, you find yourself thinking 'Could that happen? Has it?' Never has a show captivated me like this, and I doubt another one will! What can I say, The X files is the best thing ever happened to me. Since I started seeing them, I have been a devoted fan, I love every episode, every part of it. I love the relationship between the two characters: Fox Mulder and Dana Scully. If you are an X phile you know what I am talking about, but If you don't, watch the X files every Sunday night, and find the marvel I am talking about. I love this tv series. Its so well written and it has 2 of the best actors for the leads. That is the glue that keeps this show together, Mulder and Scully. And their love for each other that they dont show but you can feel it. if i had a dime for every show i loved i'd be poor. but this is a show i can say i love. i would like to comment on a few things. 1.) i really don't believe the shows creators are asking you to believe everything they write. they only want you to question what you know about it. he never tries to MAKE you believe any thing. haven't you learned anything from scully? she's seen everything (& more) and she's still a skeptic. so if you wanna be you CAN. it is possible he's not forcing you to believe. 2.)i'v heard this be compared to a soap opera of all things. there aren't custody battles, divorces, everyone sleeping with everyone, over acting. none of them, except maybe you could consider "emily" a custody battle but... 3.)also chris carter isn't the only writer. there are many. yes some are better than others and some are really bad, but recycled plot lines can't be stopped the circle of imagination only goes around once. 4.)a really great scene was when scully and mulder were chasing a swamp monster and they were trapped on a small rock and they begin talking about moby dick. it showed a personal edge.  my favorite quote is:(scully)"i think the most rewarding relationships, the ones that last, are born from friendship. one day you look at the person and see more than you did the night before, like a switch was flicked somewhere. and the person who was just a friend is suddenly the only person you can imagine yourself with." that and: (mulder)will you let me drive! (scully)i'm driving! why do you always have to drive?! because you're the guy? because you're the big macho man? (mulder) no. i just wasn't sure if your little feet could reach the pedals. 5.) and finally, the acting is wonderful. thje drastic mood changes are handled brilliantly by gillian anderson(scully) and david duchovny. the scene where mulder and scully are talking about baseball and he steals her non-fat tofu rice-cicle thing is so funny because you can see it happening to you and one of your buds. and the scenes with scully and her daughter emily are very touching. you can tell she loves her very much. the x-files doesn't always deal with the "mythology" or the monsters. they add in personal eps. which i enjoy just as much if not greater. hats off to cast and crew!!!!!!!!!!! This is my favorite of all currently running television shows.  I love the conspiracy, which many people claims confuses them.  But I like that the show doesn't spell everything out for you and prompts you to think and decide things for yourself.  The actors, David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, are terrific.  And I love their characters, Mulder and Scully. And then there's the Cigarette Smoking Man, the best villain on television (now that Callisto is gone).  This show is one of the scariest, and at times funniest, shows out there. I'm not a big fan of this series because when it was on air years ago, the show time conflicted with my schedule and I wasn't allowed to watch. But I did watch a few episodes here and then and I remember I loved them.<br/><br/>So I'm half excited when I know there'd be a new season, and the other half is surprised because I know the original cast would be too old by now. But I watch it anyway. And it's one of the mistakes of my life.<br/><br/>The main characters, at this point I don't even care to remember their names, look like the walking dead and talk like the walking dead. At least the walking dead look real, here they look like either they are addicted to plastic surgery or they are wearing a ton of make up on their faces. And what with the "out of breath" speaking, especially the female lead? There's literally no emotion on her face and her voice sounds like it comes from a tomb. She's in fact scarier than any of the strange creatures of the show.<br/><br/>The male lead looks like a grandfather and acts like a grandson even though he's supposed to have a child already. Being wise but also playful is completely different from being old but still haven't grown up.<br/><br/>I have seen pictures of the actor and actress, and believe one of the reasons they were casted and made this series famous is that they were good looking. The guy was cute and I wouldn't be surprised if many girls watched this just because of the pretty boy and didn't really care what the show was about, as long as it wasn't terribly bad. Now they lose it, and even appear to be those people who can't accept that their golden time is over. <br/><br/>I don't know if this's appealing to old fans, since I guess they keep all the original aspects of the show, but to a newbie like me it's saying "stop watching this cash cow". This latest (and likely final) season is the finest work this group has put together. Each episode has presented a relevant, timely, thought-provoking, and sometimes irreverent stand-alone theme, while always remaining faithful to the characters we've come to love, their motivations, and back-stories. Very sad to see this series go but so pleased to see it end on the highest note possible. Bravo! As so many other long-running TV shows, The X-files run at about the same quality - the first season was shaky but got better, not the least helped by the fact the actors themselves gelled with each other. The second season kicked up the pace and quality, and this was consistent until in my opinion the second half of season six when it started going downhill, to become quite ridiculous later on, despite especially Patrick's performance: he lifts the show but has not the same charisma as Duchovny. Gillian Anderson is consistently great throughout the seasons and most of the supporting cast do as well as they can with the limited screen time they get.<br/><br/>Few shows survive long without casualties (Scrubs, which went on for 8 seasons is an exception I can think of), and the X-files is no exception. What is more annoying is the fact that the casualties here are the main characters for long periods of time (Anderson for a long run in season 2 because of pregnancy, Duchovny in season 8 and 9 for reasons unknown to me), but what is even more serious is that the show lose track of what it is doing, and what its purpose is.<br/><br/>That means that we loose the plot of the great invasion/extinction, black oil and conspiracy and instead are fed a half-hearted story about super-soldiers. AND we learn that Mulder and Scully jumped in the sack with each other, when part of the charm with the relationship was that it was non-sexual.<br/><br/>The show was meant to end after season 7 so I see no reason to watch anything after the last episode, Requiem. Having watched the series when it originally aired I must say that these new episodes take the show to a new level. Instead of searching for the truth "out there", agents Mulder and Scully more and more seem turn their gaze within, which just makes this so much more interesting than I remember the original airings.<br/><br/>Instead of directly fighting some organization where men in suits rule the world (don't worry, they're still with us), this reboot of X-Files lets it's protagonists explore the possibilities of life through curiosity. Mulder and Scully feel like two old souls finding adventure while out on a stroll.<br/><br/>Now seasoned actors David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson seem extremely comfortable in replaying their old characters, and I thoroughly enjoy watching them riffing with each other. <br/><br/>There's just so much depth here, and the show touches on so many interesting topics that I find myself smiling while watching. And it's all done without the show taking itself too seriously, which I find refreshing. There's more than enough shows with the obvious good guy vs bad guy setup, and I enjoy when the contrasts are pretty dim (like in the fantastic show Continuum). 'Cause that's how life is.<br/><br/>I truly hope that the show gets renewed. Not only because of the quality of this reboot, but because on some level The X-Files conveys ideas and concepts that are important for the continual evolution of humanity.<br/><br/>Oh, and the episode "Mulder and Scully Meet the Were-Monster" is hilarious and the best comedy that I've seen in a long while. While at the same time being a great mirror on human life today. Hopefully this try-out of the 'new' files doesn't go down like True Detective. After only to episodes I can't help myself noticing the way the the series (nowadays) are cut & written: short scenes, snappy dialogues. It keeps you wondering where the character building and story lines are gone.<br/><br/>Perhaps writers & producers nowadays are over-consumed with the fast pace of money & life - that they don't even have the time to write proper story lines. Stories even on TV, need there time. Even snappy flashbacks - don't help. They just seem cheap. Like the producers & writers forgot something.<br/><br/>Gradually easing in to an episode, being captured by either the character building, story developing or just plain entertainment. Where is it all gone? 'I refuse to believe' ..... this is the new way of producing a proper cutting edge series. I'd like to congratulate the entire "The X Files" crew with the new "semi-season".<br/><br/>They obviously did their best. I can't remember so eagerly watching previous seasons. Maybe it is because I was watching previous seasons voiceovered with Ukrainian and now I'm watching the original. But anyways, the new season is like a breath of fresh air. It is not boring and overly complicated. Each episode has its special thrill. Each episode is interesting. You can't overestimate transformation of the characters. The self-irony and humor are simply brilliant.<br/><br/>Thank you, guys! My first encounter with The X-Files was when I was about eight. My friend Bryce always took me to his cousin's Halloween party where there was a haunted tour through their house and woods. It was always a good time, but one year after the tour had ended, the party was winding down so we went into their living room where Bryce's youngest cousin, Hannah, was sitting three inches from the television. Hannah was about six, but yet she was fearless about watching this show that had monsters, aliens and murders packed into one episode. Bryce and I were half watching it between our fingers, when Hannah turned around.<br/><br/>"Why are you guys scared, it's just fake. Those aren't real monsters." David said to us as if we were acting childish (we were only eight!)<br/><br/>Now that I can handle watching scary shows without looking in between my fingers I decided to give the series another shot. Nine seasons and 202 episodes later I finished the series, but it sure was a struggle, but more on that later.<br/><br/>One thing that I was excited to see from The X-Files is pre-internet days. The show starts out in the early 90s without the internet and progresses into the early 2000s.
Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny star as FBI agents Dana Scully and Fox Mulder.<br/><br/>Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny star as FBI agents Dana Scully and Fox Mulder.<br/><br/>The show revolves around FBI agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully and their investigations of the paranormal and unexplained files otherwise known as The X-Files. The two are complete opposites in almost every way. Mulder is an experienced agent, who believes in aliens, jokes around, and is non religious. Scully on the other hand, is a new agent, who believes science holds the answer to every question, very serious and strict but is religious.<br/><br/>There are other minor characters like The Smoking Man, The Lone Gunman (a group of super nerds that helps Scully and Mulder) and their boss Walter Skinner who is a complete dick.<br/><br/>The series is broken up into a few different story lines. The first third of the series focuses on Mulder finding his abducted sister, who was abducted by aliens when they were children, the second third of the series focuses on Scully being abducted and experimented on while trying to figure out who did it to her and what they did to her. The last part of the series Mulder is barely in it. He is abducted by aliens then comes back to go into hiding from the government while Scully searches for Mulder with new FBI partners. I found out the real reason that Mulder was written off for much of the last part of the show was that actor David Duchovny was a prick who demanded more money and refused to film anywhere except Hollywood. Duchovny and Anderson while had good chemistry on set absolutely hated each other in real life and often feuded on set almost every day. I really hate it when actors quit shows right in the middle of the series. It has happened a few times, when Topher Grace quit That 70s show, and Mischa Barton quit The O.C., the show really loses the fizzle when that happens. The X-Files wasn't an exception.<br/><br/>The final two seasons, Mulder is in the show maybe four or five episodes?<br/><br/>But let's take a look at what made The X-Files fun to watch instead of what killed it.<br/><br/>The best thing that the The X-Files does throughout the series is make fun of itself. Half of the cases that are involved in the show go unsolved. In one episode, they make a reference to it. The best episode is a parody of the show "Cops" which was also broadcast on Fox. The episode puts Mulder and Scully into the "Cops" episode which is hilarious in itself. They really did an excellent job pulling off the episode with some humor thrown in because believe me, The X-Files didn't have much laughter in it, save for the dry humor from Mulder.<br/><br/>The basic episode for The X-Files goes exactly like this.<br/><br/>Mulder and Scully investigate some weird alien or paranormal case.<br/><br/>Mulder says it was aliens, Scully says it was science.<br/><br/>Mulder and Scully find some way the government is connected to it.<br/><br/>They ask Skinner to investigate more into it and he says no.<br/><br/>The case goes unsolved, and the government conspiracy isn't investigated.<br/><br/>That pretty much sums up the episodes.<br/><br/>It was a little frustrating to watch them when cases would go unsolved or there was no real answer as to why that event happened. I caught myself going back and forth many times throughout the series as to whether aliens were real or if it was a government conspiracy.<br/><br/>The series is the basis for the CBS popular show CSI. If you have ever watched CSI it is exactly like The X-Files except with murders instead of aliens. So you can thank The X-Files for setting the ground for crime scene investigation shows.<br/><br/>I had a hard time pounding through episodes as each one was 45 minutes long and the plot wasn't always clear. I started watching The X-Files in March and it took me almost an entire year to get through it. It was painful in some episodes and I often caught myself not paying attention or drifting off into sleep. The plot is insane, but one thing I give The X-Files credit for is wrapping everything up in the final episodes, they literally explain everything to the viewer with flashbacks to help fill in the holes or help you understand what is about to happen.<br/><br/>The final episode plot goes something like this, Mulder is back and escapes government officials with Scully to a sleazy hotel room. Half bred human/alien super soldiers have now taken over parts of the government and plan on invading Earth in the year 2012. Mostly everyone from the main cast is dead besides Scully and Mulder. Thinking about how they can fight the future alien invasion, Mulder who is a non Christian points to Scully's cross that she always wears and says something to the effect of "Maybe there are other ways or things we don't even understand yet that will save us."<br/><br/>That may have been the biggest plot twist as I never expected Mulder who made fun of Scully the entire series for being a Christian, to covert in the final minutes of the series. I actually thought it was pretty cool and touching.<br/><br/>As for an overall score for The X-Files, the show was tough to get through with confusing plot line, long episodes that would drag on and David Duchovny's departure from the show in the final seasons. There were positives however, I could always count on a new monster or alien in most episodes, when The X-Files put in some humor, it really helped out and the acting was above average on most episodes. I would give the show a 7.1/10. Anyone that loves government conspiracies, or investigative shows I highly recommend it to, I just personally didn't have the patience to sort through everything on every episode. Season one is the best. Every episode is so strange and interesting and usually with a twist at the end.
The chemistry between Scully and Mulder is amazing. She is the rational one who has to ground him, but he also opens her mind.<br/><br/>Sadly the series decline after season 1 and starts to be more about boring government experiments, abduction and aliens.<br/><br/>I watched every season. There are some ups and downs but a steady decline sadly.
In season 11 everything is just mediocre and boring and you really don't care much what is happening. Great show<br/><br/>Plenty of loop holes cheesy bits and cool story lines.<br/><br/>
Timeless and will always be popular Before I get into the review, let me say while the revival (seasons 10 and 11) are entertaining, they are not great nor do they live up to the original show. You can tell Chris Carter, while the creator of a brilliant show, never had a set plan for the show and just tried to make it last long as possible. Now, for seasons 1-9 (the original). This show is absolutely fantastic. Very innovative for the time and still holds up today. I also am absolutely 100% certain you will never find a cable show with better characters and character writing. Mulder and Scully are brilliant. Our society also could learn a few things from them. They rarely see eye to eye but still respect and care for each other. Like most shows with over 200 episodes there are a few bad ones (2 max a season, with 20-24 episodes a season). Scary, cool, and engaging, this show is amazing. Worth a watch. Season 9 is a little bumpy, but thats alright, and not even really the showrunners fault. A major actor left and they had not even planned to do seasons 6-9 (but Fox made them, as it was to popular). Season 9 is still good, and I would say its ok to not even ever watch seasons 10 and 11, even though they are still ok. The original show at least is brilliant and awesome. Well acted, and once again, insanely good characters. Such an awesome show. Shame the newer seasons brought its IMDb rating down some I started watching this show in 8th grade, in 2015. It's shaped my whole life, my interests, my hobbies, everything. The X-Files gave me a refuge to go to after a bad day, and it's what I continue to rewatch when I have free time. The characters are easy to get invested in, and the writing is - for the most part - fantastic. Seriously, highly recommend this show. Artistically and creatively bankrupt from the first episode, this highly anticipated six-episode event lands with a splat from the get-go and never recovers. The central performances by returning series stars David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson can be best described as disinterested, but it's not hard to see why: Creator Chris Carter's scripts here are muddled garbage, with stiff dialogue and countless narrative cheats eroding any good will. There's also a stark focus on validating fear-mongering, right-wing talking points, from Islamophobia, homophobia, and anti-vaccination rhetoric inexplicably finding their way to the screen. Along with the worst episode of the entire series run (the unwatchable, mood-wrecking "Mulder & Scully Meet the Were-Monster" that feels like a failed Scooby-Doo episode) and a poor excuse for a finale, this is ultimately a pointless, unnecessary return for the once-great series. As an abductee of what? I'm still trying to figure that out but thank you for this TV series that helps me through harsh times. You must have been living under a rock if you never heard of The X-Files or seen an episode.<br/><br/>For the uneducated it is a television series where two FBI agents are assigned the task to investigate cases involving the paranormal/supernatural for the Government.<br/><br/>Over the years we see the usual monster of the week episodes turn into a massive alien conspiracy that some in the government are well aware off.<br/><br/>David Duchovney is the perfect choice to play the all believing Fox Mulder. And Gillian Anderson was the perfect choice to play the skeptical Dana Scully. Also featured are amazing actors Mitch Pileggi, William B David and Robert Patrick. Though Robert Patrick comes into the series in the last couple of series.<br/><br/>Prepared to be frightened and thrilled at the adventures Mulder and Scully go on and prepared to be amazed at what they find.<br/><br/>This truly is a classic show in every sense of the word. The Season 9 finale however was a bit disappointing but luckily they made two extra seasons further on down the track I loved it. It was definitely out if this world, I can also say there could never be another X Files without Mulder and Scully they were the best. This is not so much a review, but more of a tribute to an amazing story, an amazing ride with there 2 figures...The story was always about the same, and truth must be told that an average of 22 episodes per season, with 9 straight seasons, a lot of stretching and walkabouts were done. But never the less, they picked up more 2 seasons, but ended in a cliffhanger...not cool...i think that this last season, it was more real, more down to earth, heart felt, and the producers should make an ending worthy of this series...fans deserve it... I am a big fan of Agent Mulder and Dana .. in term of their chemistry . even all plots made by chris carter are enough to satisfying a spoofing element i needed.but ALAS.. extension of season 10 and 11 cannot make it .. few episode of season 10 are not that much bad, but final episode is disappointing . while talk about season 11 . Opening episode is enough to eliminate interest, while on scale of 1 to 10 i give rating of 8 , while considering previous seasons.. they actually made it till Season 9 I was really excited to watch season 10 of the X-Files. I head heard about how awesome it was, and I am a fan of sci-fi television. The first two episodes were interesting, but not impressive. I'd give them a 7/10. Then the werewolf episode came, and that was just bad. The humor was flat, and it was too over the top for me (3/10.) Home Again was OK (6/10,) and Babylon was the same. The Finale was not that great. It was underwhelming, and the plot line of the world ending was just dumb. I was not impressed by this season, but I will still watch the next one. I am confident that The X-Files can be very good, and I am interested in watching the older episodes. All I can say is that I was let down by this season. <br/><br/>6/10 <br/><br/>(I recommend checking out Doctor Who for a good sci-fi show. Series 9 was awesome) I started to watch this phenomenal phenomena of a program since its first airing in '93, i was just 9 years old and totally in awe and excitement! <br/><br/>Since then i myself became a believer and a skeptic!<br/><br/>The writing and storyline's were so intriguing and interesting, i instantly got drawn into it all!<br/><br/>The UFO and alien conspiracies were my favorite! But those other crazy and weird plots are so entertaining and in most cases down right spooky!<br/><br/>I enjoyed both performances by Mulder and Scull, and also Doggett and Reyes!<br/><br/>Now they rebooted this series and I'm just a little kid on Xmas! Can't wait!<br/><br/>In all honesty i think the X-Files was FOX network's best TV series next to Slider's and the Simpsons! The X-Files" is the show which re-defined television, and in a few years time it will become known as THE show of the 90s. Ranks as one of the most intelligent and brilliant shows on television.<br/><br/>But you have to love it.<br/><br/>The acting is to say the least amazing, and the characters are so real it's a bit spooky.<br/><br/>They had a great team of writers who wrote such original and brilliant episodes as 'Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose' and 'Beyond The Sea'. Whether it was straight horror: Season 4's 'Home', horror mixed with humor. Widely regarded as one of the best series of its time and a stunning leader in the revolution of science fiction shows, the X-Files has made an incredible crater in pop culture. Personally, I think the show made its downfall after a big 7th season shocker, but for the amount of time it was broadcast, it was unfathomably incredible. My 8/10 is mostly because of the 8-9 season downfall, but the love I have for this show will make a lasting impact on my life, as did it on the millions of X- Files viewers. For my favorite characters, the tie is between John Byers and Dana Scully. The strong female lead and the dorky paranoid man in this show shall be regarded, well, forever. I love 'The X Files." And I mean I REALLY love "The X Files." It's possibly my favorite television show of all time, running neck and neck with shows like "24," Battlestar Galactica" and "Mystery Science Theater 3000." So I was very surprised at my own disappointment when, via Netflix, I was able to watch Season 1 in its entirety for the first time. Taken together, I think its 24 episodes deserve a 5 out 0f 10. And bear in mind – that's coming from a die-hard fan.<br/><br/>I first fell in love with this show as its fourth or fifth season was currently airing. This was long before Netflix streaming, and I'm pretty sure it was before DVD's were even a thing. (I'm old.) What few episodes I'd seen of Season 1 were from syndication and purchased VHS tapes. So I've been proclaiming my love for the show (which had a nine-year run) for years without ever having seen much of the early seasons.<br/><br/>Some great TV shows can get off to a rough start. "The Simpsons," "MST3K" and even "Family Guy" were less than stellar when they first began. Shows like "24" and "Star Trek: The Next Generation" were good, but got much better. "The X Files" was surprisingly average.<br/><br/>The first nine episodes were, frankly, poor. There was little of the suspense, mystery and characterization that would eventually make the show great, with Mulder and Scully being flat, and even annoying characters that were thinly scripted and awkwardly played by David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson. Duchovny, early on, was just bad. His wooden line delivery made him seem like a Fox Network intern who was standing in for a sick professional actor. Anderson was better, but could only do so much with the clunky and simplistic dialogue.<br/><br/>Episodes like "Ghost in the Machine" and "Ice" seem clearly like ripoffs of sci-fi classics ("2001: A Space Odyssey" and John Carpenter's "The Thing," respectively), though "Ice" still manages to be fun. One episode, "Space," was so boring that it was painful to watch. "Squeeze," which is a favorite for many longtime fans, was good, but even it hasn't aged all that well. I'm surprised the show lasted.<br/><br/>As mysteries or police thrillers, these early episodes also failed. Eager witnesses cheerfully and conveniently present themselves early on to volunteer clues and exposition. The underlying reveals seemed like elements thrown together with little exposition. And Duchovny looks like he'd never held a gun in his life. (I'm pretty sure you're not supposed to wave it around like that.) I can't remember the episode but, at one point, Mulder (a supposedly brilliant Oxford-trained criminal psychologist) actually confuses schizophrenia with MPD (multiple personality disorder). Sigh.<br/><br/>Then there was a shift in tone and quality. "Eve" is one of the all- time greats. (And it was here where the dark themes and complex overarching plot lines were truly established that would later define the show. "Beyond The Sea" saw Anderson shine, along with the writers and directors. It was simply fantastic  even unforgettable (thanks in no small part to amazing guest actor Brad Dourif).<br/><br/>"Darkness Falls" and "Born Again" established their creators' abilities to make great standalone, scary mysteries. Duchovny just seemed to  get better. He settled into the role, became more natural, and the writers seemed to begin giving Mulder the endearing quirks and idiosyncrasies that eventually grew him into an attractive, three-dimensional character that so many people would grow to love.<br/><br/>And "the final episode, "The Erlenmeyer Flask," clinched it. Here the show seemed to reach the greatness that I remember, with a great story with humor, pathos, creepiness, tension and seemingly plausible twists and mysteries. It was wonderful, and a great precursor of the greatness we would see in later seasons.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong. I love the show. And Season 1 was really more average than flat out bad. I'm just saying that the first season compares poorly with what longtime fans remember from the next eight years. "The X-Files" is a great TV show from the 90s that is groundbreaking in every respect. It covers multiple genres: sci-fi, drama, thriller, horror, comedy and it blends so well.<br/><br/>The show is about two FBI agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work in a separate division known as "The X-Files" which covers cases that involve the paranormal, extra-terrestrial and the plain unexplainable. Mulder is a believer in the unexplainable whilst Scully is a skeptic who believes in logical and scientific explanations. Throughout the 9 seasons Mulder and Scully deal with some very strange cases in two different formats of episodes: Monster of the Week which deals with stand alone stories and the Mythology episodes which deal with the overarching storyline of Mulder searching for the "Truth" and government conspiracy involving aliens and the mysterious Cigarette Smoking Man (William B. Davis).<br/><br/>David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson made iconic performances as Mulder and Scully. They always shared great chemistry and played off each other so well that I couldn't imagine anyone else playing them. William B. Davis as the Cigarette Smoking Man was always great in the episodes that he stared in since he was always an enigma and you never really knew what he was thinking or who's side he was really on.<br/><br/>Unfortunately not all is great because after season 7, David Duchovny left the show and was briefly replaced by Robert Patrick who plays Agent John Doggett and he has a great presence in the show but the "Mulder/Scully" dynamic is gone and the series starts running on fumes for the final two seasons with a few hidden gems here and there.<br/><br/>All in all, "The X-Files" is a great TV show from the 90s despite its lackluster final two seasons and should be enjoyed by anyone who likes multiple genres mixed into one show. sorry for the weird title, but now, about 15 years since having seen the first episode by chance, its really no doubt about it in any way. we must live with the fact that most customer and consumer kind of people will have a different approach when watching a show, but for the few whose mind did break by time and colours an infinite amount of times this is truly one of the rare bases for social, political and even philosophical re-calibration. its definite strength is the highly developed balance between easy going speedy narration, clear conception and the architecture of knowledge placement. so many people giving maybe their very best as a contribution, a nearly spiritual team feel carrying the whole fantastic epic plot from the beginning to the end, through all those troubles that could have destroyed it (too scientific, too critical, too progressive - you know all of scully's cute "scientific" arguments) - going over some of the few weaker episodes or the necessary repetition of the primary aims, the discourse frames a hundred times with a smile.<br/><br/>for personal its such blessing, it maybe saved my mind and life when re-watching it years after some drug crashing and paranoia. giving me back self consciousness and trust in my work. i did watch it all with my wonderful girlfriend, its like coming home every time and yesterday we did reach "two fathers one son" and yeah, i don't think there could be someone to top that emotional revision. the smoker always was one of my favorite characters since he was whether naive nor heartless. he was symbolizing life's extreme ambivalence the most coherent though even he was nearly drowning for a surprising while. but in that episode he came back, and with him moulder as well. its like a written melody on friendship beyond anything portrayed in telly shows before and after that.<br/><br/>well, thanks for all. no one can't take that away from us. One of the great things about the X-Files was that the show had two strong leading characters Scully and Mulder played by Gillian Anderson and David(I forget his last name, sorry) who should have got together but they wisely played it safe keeping them apart. I loved the relationship in the beginning but the show went off-track with conspiracies and craziness that the show became famous for. The cast is great and I loved the show when it was on location in Vancouver. I think the weather and environment was also a great addition. Then they moved it to Los Angeles, maybe that's when I lost track. The episodes in the beginning were truly high quality and first rate. I think they tried so hard to keep the momentum going that they lost the show somewhere along the years. I know that two stars wanted out to pursue other interests but I didn't think that was wise anyway. Anyway, I still wish them the best and hope to see a reunion film. I have been watching this show on and off since its inception way back in the early 90s. I have missed (thankfully) most of the episodes so that now, in re-run, I can see first run shows (late at night when I'm most awake!). The show makes an impression on you with its sometimes mundane, sometimes eerie suspense, sometimes horror effects, and just plain scare tactics that leave you to wonder what's coming next. And then there are the just kidding around ones that make for great Halloween fun! The show lasted about 10 years. A big success in modern times and with good reason. There are so many great episodes it would be hard to play them without including almost every one of them. The original Twilight Zone still gets my vote for all-time best. However, that had to fill only 1/2 hour each week. Much more difficult is a weekly hour-long show. I like to compare movies I see to X Files and realize that for a weekly show to be that good to compare to movies, this show truly is a gem and a classic. Paranormal and that dark moodiness that was a trademark of this show is apparent in many of the episodes. A tribute also to the actors/directors for the great performances they could get out of the cast members. This show is timeless! The X-Files was, regrettably, not a show I was die-hard about when it was airing week after week in my youth/teen years. I would catch an episode here and there, be entertained, but also think 'this episode isn't TOO much different from the other ones'. The film that came out as the spin-off of the series did spark my interest more, however, as having a full arc even for someone as just a casual fan. Then as the series went in its latter days, I did tune out (thinking, 'why's Robert Patrick on the show, all this Scully baby-drama, etc'). However, as the show now goes on in syndication on the various cable channels, and I have refreshed my awareness of the first season as quasi-background, I've become rather addicted (minus the Patrick episodes, the lulls mentioned earlier). Sometimes what draws me in is the occasional, unexpected morbid humor. But mostly its in how the stories on the show, while of course sticking close to being 'TV', are the more engrossing the more you know about the characters. And there are some very inventive episodes regarding the unexplained, the bizarre human characters, and of course the UFO's and other assorted visitor folk. While I'm not as immersed in the show yet as with shows I've been watching since a youth (Seinfeld, Simpsons, South Park, Daily Show), part of the fun of getting further and further into the episodes is seeing the comparisons, of what's gotten better or worse, more intriguing or less. Much like the inspiration of the show- All the President's Men- the more you see of what can't be explained, the more you can't stop finding the truth. Hokey at times, sure, but also a cult-delight. I've seen this Pilot episode a number of times. It's a fun ride. The show got panned by the critics. One critic said that this show will never get picked up. I imagine that critics never see a pilot with a laugh track they don't like. Pilot didn't even have Mark Snow's great opening and closing music nor did it have "The Truth is Out There" tag line nor the opening credits showing Mulder's and Scully's FBI photo ID. I believe that this was the only episode that used the "Based on a True Story" trick. It's an old trick but it works as Maxwell Smart would say. What I particularly liked was that Mulder is every bit as smart as any homo fictus protagonist that was ever on television and not only instantly knew that Scully was there to spy on him but not only did it make him warm up to the challenge but he just loved displaying mental legerdemain that had Scully going one way and her jock strap the other. After a handful of double takes on double fakes she realizes early on that agent Mulder is the real deal.<br/><br/>Even though Mulder is a fine detective he has the tendency to find a "paranormal bouquet" in an abnormal situation as Scully - the skeptic - does her level headed best to debunk each and every item as having a scientific explanation which in turn makes Mulder a better detective.<br/><br/>And speaking of comedies only The Simpsons and the X-Files are comedies without laugh tracks. The Simpsons because the jokes come at Mach one so that it is better to see The Simpsons on a video tape so you can rewind and really see everything and there is no time to queue the audience to laugh before another joke is blitzed out. The X-Files' jokes are the coolest because the range is vast and have no rhythm. The only indication sometimes that a joke was made can be the music or an irritated look or sometimes you have to figure it out yourself. How terrible to make the audience do some thinking without a laugh track. I think a similar reason that Star Trek was dropped after three seasons of its five year trek was that the audience enjoyed it.<br/><br/>X-Files obviously wasn't designed as a comedy but it still ranks as one of the funniest shows in television history. Duchovny sometimes is like a stand up with sunflower seeds. Also time and again he proves that he is a very fine actor since I have the feeling that in real life he doesn't believe any of it. His pure pain in Oubliette is worthy of an Emmy. I never saw a pained expression like his before. What a thespian.<br/><br/>Speaking of fine acting catch Gillian Anderson in The Mighty.<br/><br/>Intertwined in this is William B. Davis the former smoker in real life who is the greatest villain in all of television history as the puppet master - The Smoking Man - who constantly smoked Marlboro, sorry I mean Marley cigarettes with the Marlboro logo. If I remember right the closest he comes to having a name is in one of the last episodes he reveals that his son is the super skeptic agent Spender. Now I remember. It was CGB Spender.<br/><br/>BTW, who played the cute but luckless Karen Swenson, the first person ever seen on X-Files as she tripped over herself a handful of times in her pajamas while being chased in the woods by lights? I've searched the web and asked around to no avail. If I find out I'll update this comment.<br/><br/>r<br/><br/>I only believe in my science. --Agent Dana Scully.<br/><br/>Ah, the skeptic. --Melvin Frohike (Tom Braidwood).<br/><br/>She believes. She just won't admit it. --Gibson Andrew Praise (Jeff Gulka).<br/><br/>I want to believe. --Mulder. I loved this series and I found the plots interesting, the performance of the actors was great and the idea of the show, very good. I discovered that "Fox Mulder" is a great actor and a very gifted person. Maybe the motion picture was not such a great idea but the series deserves the name of "clasic". The soundtrack of the series is excellent and Mark Snow in really capturing the atmosphere of the show. One of my favorite character is the director of FBI. His drama is very well depicted, and even though his part is not a big one, the actor really captures a tormented man, torn between duty and truth. As a conclusion, a very good show. this show is the best show ever made-- i watch it every Tuesday and Monday at 12 to 6 or whatever it goes to-- this show is so banging i cant believe all the great shows they came up with-- the greatest shows they made were with Mulder and Scully-- Doggit and that other girl are okay but Mulder and Scully are the best--like when that little boys dad keeps standing up against the door not letting him out with that lizard thing and that little kid draws that lady with bloody eyes and she get them that was a classic just like when Mulder and Scully pose as a couple and move into that preppy ass neighborhood but they don't know that if you break the rules that big soil swampy dude attacks and kills them --that was a classic episode just like ever episode of this great ass show I first started watching this show when it came out in 1993 when I was 6 years old. I used to watch it with my parents every Friday night on Fox. I remember looking forward to it every Friday night. A few seasons later Fox moved the show to Sunday nights and I still continued to watch it. After Fox Mulder left the show the show started going downhill but I still occasionally watched it.<br/><br/>My favorite episode was one when Fox Mulder kept reliving the same day over and over again. That episode was pretty funny. I also liked the episode when Mulder and Scully had to spend a night in a haunted house. That episode even scared me a little. I also liked the episode when Mulder and Scully were investigating a man whose shadow could kill you.<br/><br/>Overall I really enjoyed this series. Sometimes I watch the reruns on the Scifi station. I give this show 10/10 stars. Being a huge movie fan and believing in Crytptozoology and the mysterious things and happenings in and out of the world it was a dream come true to watch a series that focused on the unexplained!The X-Files series was never boring through out the years but in My opinion it had its problems.The stories had some of the biggest potential a series or even a movie could have.Some of the episodes were good but many in My opinion were disappointing and disturbing.I stopped watching it some time ago because  I felt that I was just going to be disappointed because I disappointed many times before.Sure Mulder,Scully,and Skinner were great characters and it had of the greatest intro themes but just about every time I was so into an episode it just went flat:) I maybe too harsh here about this series but this is all in My opinion and if you are wondering did I like the movie?Yes I liked the film and if they come out with another one I hope they handle it well!Maybe I'm being to picky but I feel the series didn't deliver all of the goods it could have but if you like to see a series about mysterious things then watch the X-Files! I First watched the show when I was 10 years old. That was The X-Files' movie "Fight The Future" and I really love that movie. At that time I was in my country and there were the shows everyday. Actually I always like both movies and series that are about science or UFOs. Nobody in my family except me is interested in The X-Files. In my opinion if Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny are not in The X-Files, I was not going to like it. I think both Gillian and David make The X-Files more interesting.<br/><br/>Throughout 9 years of The X-Files, it never make me feel boring. It make me feel excited and to be more interested in it. I hope that the shows will never ends.<br/><br/>
P.S. I love Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny so much, and I can't wait to see The X-Files 2. The X files will remain a legendary show for the existence of time.  This show defined television for the 90's.  Never had we seen such a complex, multi-layered and intense science fiction series.  Over the first 5 seasons, no show other drama could beat the X files in terms of story telling, technical excellence and of course acting.  The move from Vancouver to LA, was a grave mistake on the part of Chris Carter, as it lead to an undesirable influx of sunlight to the always murky and dreary settings that Vancouver provided.  Everything became santized and cleaner with the move to LA.<br/><br/>Then of course the chemistry between the two leads, Mulder and Scully has not been matched in television and I believe never will be. When David Duchovny left at the end of Season 7, many true fans agreed that the series had ended at this point.  Others disagreed with this assertion.  But in hindsight it is now clear that seasons 8 and 9 with Robert Patrick were very weak and at times non-sensical.  The 8 and 9th seasons lost the focus of the conspiracy and subsequently the series lost many, many MANY long time fans who had waited SEVEN years for answers.  The addition of Anabeth gish, was even worse than the Patrick addition, as Chris Carter now had 4 or 5 leads when series fans only wanted to see two, Mulder and Scully.<br/><br/>Lastly, The X files produced two of the most memorable villians in television history.  Firstly, The ciggerete smoking man played by Canadian actor, William B Davis, left an unfogettable mark on the series.  The show would seriously not exist if it were not for this formidable foe for Mulder and Scully.  Unfortunately Chris Carter used to keep this villain hidden throughout the seasons and bring him only for the season finales or premieres.  He was not even mentioned in seasons 8 and 9, which was a gravely missed opppurtunity as Cancer Man is one of the most hated/beloved characters after mulder and scully. Finally we come to rat-boy.  The grossly under used Nicolas Lea portrayed the intense Alex Krychek.  Never knowing what side Krychek was playing was half the fun over the 7 seasons he was sprinkled throuout the show.<br/><br/>The X files will remain one the best shows ever to grace the tv screen. I have never watched a show as releigiously as the x files, and mostly likely never will.If you have never seen an episode, start from the begining and work your way through the seasons.   I just wish I could watch all the episodes over as a first time viewer. ... and oh my, it was a fun ride. For better or worse, The X-Files has left our screens to become a part of TV History. Was it time for it to end? Hell, yes. There´s no need to state (again) that in its last years, the show had lost its edge, Mulder or no Mulder. But going bitter at Chris Carter, David Duchovny and the world, producers and writers in general is no good for anyone, and it makes us forget the simple truth (well, not that any Truth in the X-Files could ever be simple): that overall, this was as good as TV shows come.<br/><br/>Did Carter, Duchovny and Gillian Anderson knew what they were getting into back then in 1993? Probably not. I have little doubt that they saw some potential in the clever, intriguing script that combined "serious" documentary with B-Horror movies and crazy conspiracy theories. But they couldn´t have known that they were to create the show that would change the face of Sci-fi/fantasy/mystery television for ever.<br/><br/>So, what was so great about it? Carter took advantage of our greatest paranoias and fears to create an atmosphere full of darkness, where nobody could be trusted and creepy things we could not explain were out to get us. Add religious symbolism, scientific background and a bigger-than-life goverment conspiracy, and you had the setting... all you needed was the characters... and in came Duchovny and Anderson as the famous duo of the 90s: Fox "Spooky" Mulder and Dana Scully.<br/><br/>Mulder was the believer in all things paranormal: the brillant man that had once been the FBI´s favourite... only to be left abandoned in the Headquarters basement among old files and blurry pictures of UFOs. Paranoid, excentric, sarcastic and at times seemingly emotionless (Duchovny´s at times expressionless face became the character´s trademark), Mulder was a crusader: a man nobody understood and not many took seriously. Enter Special Agent Dana Scully, the small redhead that looked like a bad copy of Clarice Starling in Silence of the Lambs. Scully was the escceptic, the woman of science, reluctantly inmersed in a dark underworld full of things her logical thinking and training couldn´t explain, yet somehow seduced by Mulder´s never ending quest. They were equals, yet opposites. They had the unresolved tension of the will-they-or-won´t-they? dance that drove fans crazy. They were the unstoppable team that faced monsters, aliens and conspirators every day, loosing everything in the process: sisters, parents, faith... and any possibility to lead a normal life. All for The Truth.<br/><br/>Discussing this "Truth" with capital T would be too long to attempt to do here, and I suspect pointless as well. The X-Files isn´t really about The Truth... the truth is out there, yes, but where, we don´t know. The truth is difficult, if not impossible to find. The Truth is, if you think about it, a truly horrible thing. For their knowledge, Mulder and Scully paid with years of suffering... and the revelation of the last episode I´d rather not discuss. In a way, The X-Files wasn´t really about this revelation... it was a show about faith at a time when all seems to be lost, when science has proven to be a poor substitute for religion and we turn our eyes to the skies and wonder who is out there watching us. A show about faith at a time when you feel you cannot trust those who have power, in a world where goverments lie and deceive. Mulder and Scully were alone against the world, trying to find an explanation for those things that defied any. They didn´t always succeded. Sometimes they lost faith. But they always had each other. The X-Files wasn´t simply a show about aliens and conspiracies: it was a show about a man and a woman´s Quest. For the knowledge they were denied, for something to believe in, for that Mulder called The Truth. It was a one hell of a ride... and we were there every week with them, us and Mulder and Scully against the world, sharing the adventure. There were good times and bad times, times that scared us to death and times that made us laugh... but over all? Thanks for the ride, guys. We wanted to believe. It is hard to put my true feelings and thoughts into words. I do find it odd that the show will be ending on my birthday. The show broke new ground that will never be duplicated. Imitated, certainly. But never duplicated. We were given characters such as Mulder who is cool and Scully who is hot. The Lone Gunmen, Deep Throat, the Cigarette Smoking Man and others made this show work as well as it did. Early episodes such as Deep Throat, EBE, Duane Barry, Ascension, and One Breath set the tone of the show for years to come. The production values are unheard of for tv. The writing, special effects, lighting, and set design are all top notch worthy of a big screen. The credit of course belongs to the man who set the tone, Chris Carter. I don't know how he did it, but he did it even beyond the imagination of the most hard-core fans.<br/><br/>I recall fondly seeing my first episode, Squeeze. I thought this was an odd show. I was attracted to it since then and grew into a avid follower the second season. By the third season, I was a fan and gradually grew into a fanatic. I'm now a rabid follower (X-Phile I think is the term) who only wished there was more money to buy all the memorbilia that is out there. It has been a great nine years that I will cherish. Now that the X-Files will soon be over, I don't see the point in having a TV anymore except to watch reruns and the tapes of the show. Long live the X-Files. I've never been so devoted to a show as I have The X-Files. Its difficult to say how this show will stand years from now, but I'll always look at the first seven seasons as some of the best television anyone had to offer. I refuse to believe the last two seasons happened, simply because of the lack of David Duchovny's presence. While I'll watch the series finale, I'll always wonder, What if this show ended after seven seasons? Clearly, that is the shelf life of most great shows. Only the rare exceptions come to the forefront, and The X-Files sadly overstayed its welcome. However, this will be one film I'll always look back on if I ever make it writing fiction or watching film. I always vexed my parents about watching this show, but thank God I got a television when I was 15 (when the show was in its second season). I especially liked the show when it stayed focused on the weirdness of the world and alien invasion, before all of the demon episodes came into place during the last two seasons. There is so many things I'm going to miss about this series, considering how it has impacted the industry with its passion and ingenuity. The cinematography, the tongue in cheek episodes, the Mulderisms, Scullys ever changing (and erotic) hair, amazing characters (like Victor Eugene Tombs, Alex Krycek, The Lone Gunmen, Roland, Pusher, the Conundrum and too many more to mention) the great guest appearances by the likes of Peter Boyle, Luke Wilson, Michael McKean, Tucker Smallwood, and Jodie Foster (well, her voice at least), etc. A great show, no matter what happens in the final episode. I was a big fan of X-files back in 1993; in fact, I was taping every episode on my VCR because I was sure it would be canceled before the first season finished, and back in those days, there was no guarantee it would end up on VHS tape (let alone DVDs). Yes, children, there was a time when a short-lived series without a big fan base simply disappeared into the ether! And I loved it, and wanted to preserve it.<br/><br/>Silly me! it went on to become a mega-hit and one of those defining series that (like Star Trek or CSI) has become part of our culture and even our language.<br/><br/>The show was always uneven -- a superb episode would be followed by one that was silly or illogical. They would set up character parameters, then violate them. The show would veer from a kind of serious, breathless "alien invasion" theme -- to one about people with tails, or deformed hillbilly mutants. (Some of those episodes are quite funny, but seem to be another show entirely.)<br/><br/>A move in Season 5 to LA from Vancouver ruined the gloomy Pacific NW mood of the show in my opinion. It became more and more uneven in quality and illogical in theme (though I kept watching) until the original actors quit, and were replaced (Robert Patrick, Annabelle Gish). After that, really, it was not the same show AT ALL. A case of "false advertising". It was so profitable, that the producers (and Chris Carter) simply could not let it (and the $$$) go. A couple of lame theatrical movies followed, never able to remotely capture the magic of the early years of the show.<br/><br/>So -- now, 23 (!!!) years after the premiere, they have rebooted the franchise....keenly aware that fans really only loved the early years of the show. So they copied everything, even the titles down the last molecule. For me, it's very nostalgic. I half expect to find Bill Clinton is still President! LOL! Only....only....well, it's not 1993 and a lot of water has gone under that bridge.<br/><br/>For starters, David Duchovney (Fox Mulder) and Gillian Anderson (Dana Scully) are just....old. (Hey, I am too! I was a young whipper-snapper of 37 when this was first on! But folks, I am not seen in closeups on HDTV.) And frankly, they look tired and worn out. I don't blame them for aging. I blame them, Chris Carter, the writers & producers for not accepting that people age and change, and failing to show the characters as having moved on in some way. You can't just put your same outfit on, go back to the same office with the same poster and pretend it's 1993 and nobody will notice your wrinkles and crow's feet.<br/><br/>Somehow, Duchovny manages to now look OLDER than AD Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) -- how'd that happen? In '93, Duchovny was 33 and somehow looked 25. His behavior and his crazy beliefs seemed absolutely believable in a young, brash guy a few years out of college or the FBI Academy. Today, Duchovny looks every year of his 55; tired and without energy.<br/><br/>And Gillian Andersen? honey, you need to stay out of the sun or use more sunscreen. And what's with her hair? I think somewhere here it says it is a wig, because she didn't want to dye her blonde hair red again for the part....well, it looks strange. Greasy, flat. She had such gorgeous hair back in the 90s....she was an archetypal redhead, with peaches & cream skin. I guess that type does not age well. She's only about 47, but looks 55. (Frankly, this shook me up.)<br/><br/>On the other hand: the 3 new episodes (2016) of "season 10" -- as if the years 2002-2016 are brushed off, as irrelevant? hello? -- have been all quite good. Vintage X-files, as if the bad years (roughly 1998-2002) of the show, where it clearly jumped the shark (or had different lead actors) never happened! If you can overlook the aging stars... then the writing and special effects have been excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed each show, despite the pangs I felt every time I looked at them and realized 23 years have gone by (and that the world itself is a very different place today).<br/><br/>I suspect this will work nicely for a short 6 episode run....but I hope nobody gets the idea of bringing the show back on regular series basis. I don't think it could work long-term. It reminds me, in a way, of those Star Trek movies, where the original cast got older and heavier and sadder looking with each outing, until you sincerely wished they would check into some 25th century Assisted Living home. Sometimes TV series are best left in the era in which they were created; a kind of time capsule.<br/><br/>Was there a real reason to reboot X-Files (besides the obvious: money and the fact that nobody involved ever had this kind of mega-success again)? The creative process means we have to move on and invent NEW things, with each generation....not endlessly recycle and reboot the old.<br/><br/>In short: bittersweet....and yeah, I'll watch all six new episodes. After that, please: R.I.P., X- files. Let the 90s be in the past, and move on. Everyone has said most already = It's SUPERNATURAL !! Like with SAM & DEAN. But MASSIVE DIFFERENCE !!! You get GOVERMENT CORRUPTION and all, as a BONUS !! Even ALIENS !!! FIGHT for you're life !!! Mulder and Skully are getting more and more under attack. The SMOKEY GUY = comes more and more into screen. This all ENDS, in a MASSIVE BATTLE !!! Spread over seasons 6-9 !!! I'm rewatching season 4 = Even these episodes are EXTREEM GOOD !!!! Even I'm HALF-WAY !!! Now, since Gillian Anderson decided not to come back to X-files, I think Carter should consider Lauren Ambrose and Robbie Amell as replacements for Gillian and David. I know they are irreplaceable, but rather letting to be cancelled the show, they should do it. Besides, They were not that bad on the screen. Redhead female and brunet male. Just like the original characters in this show. I wouldn't be surprised if they put them on the screen on purpose. So the audience saw them. And in the future, in case they should replace Scully and Mulder with these two, the fans won't be that much upset, as they could be, if the choose some actors which they never saw before. The last 3 seasons of this show feels like a wind down to the series, it was for me, very long and drawn out.
I feel that a new formula is needed to carry to the show to the next generation of viewers, and this is exactly what was provided as the series close. The new generation of watcher are not interested in the old viewing formula, or the characters for that matter.
So, possibly in the future a 'New' X-Files formal will be about the young generation of highbreds and their struggle, hopefully it wont be another 'Hero's' remake........ I remember when X-files started. There was no internet, no smart phones, no PS & Xbox and I couldn't wait for one week for the new episodes. <br/><br/>After so many decades, after so many things to do other than watching TV this TV Show make me watch TV. <br/><br/>Thank you very much & keep going for another decade ... My favorite television show of all-time is The X-Files. I was a fan of the show before it even began! I was already a viewer of shows such as 'Sightings' and 'Unsolved Mysteries' (with Robert Stack) and I prepared for this upcoming one by viewing the 1993 film "Fire in the Sky" starring DB Sweeney, Peter Berg and Robert Patrick. Knowing such a show was airing on FOX beginning in the autumn, I was ready for it. Following the Pilot episode, I was hooked and was so for good and didn't miss an episode for the remainder of the show's run.<br/><br/>I didn't know the title of the episodes till half a dozen years later as 'twas the first major series to come out on the DVD format; it also coincided with the advent of the World Wide Web and its ascendancy into fecundity.<br/><br/>The series ended on Sunday 19 May 2002 but I didn't rate the episodes until over a year later, on Monday 14 July 2003, as I like to let any hoopla pass before passing judgment and I tend not to forget details about why I liked or disliked originally.<br/><br/>'Roland' was the first episode which I rated a 10 and it was also a tearjerker for me.<br/><br/>And that was followed by the finale, 'The Erlenmeyer Flask', also receiving a 10. Once this was over, we didn't know if the show was returning.<br/><br/>Some of this program's influences included 'Kolchak the Night Stalker', 'Twin Peaks' and 'The Twilight Zone'.<br/><br/>When the sophomore season did initiate, a 3rd consecutive 10 was given – to 'Little Green Men'.<br/><br/>Duane Barry is the title character played by Steve Railsback in the two- part story which ended with 'Ascension', a pivotal story.<br/><br/>Another important two-part story was that of 'Colony' – which introduced the character played by Brian Thompson - and 'End Game'.<br/><br/>My favorite episode would be 'Anasazi' which was the 25th of the season and wrapped it up on a cliffhanger, making apt use of the nefarious character played by William B. Davis.<br/><br/>When the show did return for its junior campaign, it picked up the story with 'The Blessing Way' which included Floyd Red Crow Westerman. 'Paper Clip' finished the trilogy.<br/><br/>Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose guest starred Peter Boyle in an award- winning episode.<br/><br/>'War of the Coprophages' was an interesting one based in comedy and included the coolest thing in television history when a cockroach crawls diagonally across the screen – it also had the character of Dr. Bambi.<br/><br/>By now, the program was not just a cult favorite but gaining force to become one of the coolest, most sophisticated and intelligent shows in television history.<br/><br/>'Home' was banned from television after its initial airing – even though the show was not to have network notes from FOX.<br/><br/>'Unruhe' moved the time slot of the series to Sunday.<br/><br/>'The Post-Modern Prometheus' was done in black & white, was based on Frankenstein and had a tearjerker moment.<br/><br/>'Bad Blood' is known to be the funniest episode and is Gillian Anderson's favorite – it takes into account the varying accounts of both Scully and Mulder from their trip to Chaney, Texas.<br/><br/>'The End' introduced the character of Gibson Praise and guest starred Martin Ferrero and had a tearjerker ending.<br/><br/>We made it! After season five, on Friday 19 June 1998, The X-Files the Movie Fight The Future debuted. The first film I went to the theaters alone to see satisfied me at its onset and I was ready to walk out of the theater happy. I was even decked out in my X-Files shirt, the last they had upon purchase, relegated to the back of the rack.<br/><br/>David Duchovny who played Fox William Mulder was also on Californication later but stopped being on The X-Files regularly following the 7th campaign – the production having shifted from the Vancouver area to the Los Angeles area off the 5th. Gillian Anderson plays Dana Katherine Scully who's told she doesn't die by Clyde Bruckman – a character named after a prominent filmmaker of the 1920s. Mitch Pileggi plays Walter Sergei Skinner. Robert Patrick is John Doggett and Annabeth Gish is Monica Reyes. Tom Braidwood is Frohike, Bruce Harwood is Byers and Dean Haglund is Langly – who comprise The Lone Gunman – who got a spin off series. Sheila Larkin played Scully's mom and Peter Donat was Mulder's father. James Pickens, Jr. played Kersh.<br/><br/>Six years after the series ended, The X-Files the Movie 2 I Want To Believe, was released and I saw it on 8/8/8 in what has become one of my most memorable theater-going experiences ever. Although I didn't give it a high grade, it's on my list of favorite movies' top 100 – just as the first feature was – and is a tearjerker as well.<br/><br/>On Sunday 24 January 2016, the series returned for a revival, as this 10th season was called, and had six episodes.<br/><br/>As for influencing other programming since, it's very influential - from the story arcs to cinematography, lighting, music, camera speed and movement - much more influential than I gave it credit for as my show when I saw it as it aired. However, I prefer to look at everything that came before it since there was nothing quite like it on television prior and perhaps due to quickening, never will be again. The X-files has changed the way I think and see the world. What makes this show the greatest of all time is that it's difficult to put into words. Every aspect of the show is amazing. Every character plays their part so well--from the protagonists, to Skinner, to CSM, to Krycek, to the Lone Gunmen-- each fit so well. Mulder and Skully are BOTH intelligent characters, which is a stark contrast to the shows of this age, where there seems to be a goofy or "dumb" partner. This show makes you think, question, and entertain wild possibilities. It has moments of great sadness, which can move the hardest of hearts and moments of subtle but effective humor. Lastly, what makes the X-files so special is that it gives the viewer hope in the pursuit of the truth--that despite times when it seems impossible to arrive at the truth, it is still out there.<br/><br/>I feel lucky to have experienced what we never may again see on television. This review is based on two seasons, as I didn't bear to watch more.<br/><br/>The worst part is the villains. The only genre that has villains that underdeveloped are kids movies. You know, evil witch kind of guys, doing evil just for sake of it, when their goals could be reached much easier in less evil ways. And they're everywhere, conspiracies in every single aspect of life - it's just too much.<br/><br/>Secondly, Scully is incredibly closed-minded for someone claiming to be a scientist. After all she witnessed, she stays in constant denial. Talking about science - terrible terrible errors in every episode. Not sure it can be called Sci-Fi. The X files was the brainchild of Chris Carter. It follows the sometimes dark and disturbing or scientifically challenging cases labelled pointless or time wasting by the F.B.I and dumped in what is known as the X files a project outside the bureau mainstream headed by Fox Mulder formerly a brilliant violent crimes agent and his new partner Dana Scully.The relationship between these two characters has to be noted as part of the shows success, we had two attractive intelligent and deep characters who weren't sleeping together or ever at any stage falling into the predictable cheesy formula of a lead in a television show. Fox Mulders character undoubtedly went through a beneficial change as the show progressed, in the opening season David Duchovny (an actor whose surprisingly monotone and sometimes deadpan style was perfect for the role) played Fox Mulder as somewhat geeky and childishly excitable over the investigation of paranormal phenomenon. Still Mulder is everybody's hero and as the show moved into the second season and beyond we saw a magnificent and captivating dark edge to his character evolving (perfect considering the personal trauma he has endured). Dana Scully started as she meant to go on played by the much more talented actress Gillian Anderson (whose high calibre emotional performances earned her award success) she serves as one of the most brilliantly intelligent and strong yet wonderfully vulnerable women in film or TV. Her traumas both personal and sometimes professional with some of the more disturbing serial killers they pursue are wonderfully portrayed by one of the most competent actresses to become a television star. The chemistry and spark between the two characters was ideal it transcended the monotonous sexual tension and formulaic witty dialogue between most other good looking male and female co stars, instead it offered a perfect balance between humour care for each other and professional commitment to the F.B.I.This review will dedicate itself to the actual x files the aspect that made this show one of the best. Most television shows in this genre die because the plots exhaust themselves. Chris Carter ingeniously proposed that the show could not sustain itself with only the mythology. The X files therefore adopted the cop show formula of having a different story each week these were essentially miniature movies that could be about anything. With a fantastic writing team and more importantly the best cinematographers and directors to have worked television the show made numerous brilliant shows completely original and enthralling. An episode would typically begin with a bizarre murder and then follow the agents through their investigation or pursuit of something or someone such as a serial killer. This was where the x files really shone no one else before or after in TV has ever done such a thing. Someone who had never seen the show could most nights turn it on and follow a little one-hour movie. Even better was how the creators worked these stories around the lead characters. Irresistible for example a thriller from season 2 followed the pursuit of a sexually motivated death fetishist who resorted to homicide to satisfy his desires. Here Gillian Anderson wonderfully portrayed her vulnerability with such a realistic and haunting case. Grotesque a very dark episode from season 3 did the same; here while investigating the continuation of brutal serial murder after the killer had been caught Fox Mulder began to fall deeper into the investigation than was safe for his own sanity. David Duchovny portrayed the dangers that face FBI agents who try to get inside a monsters head with subtle captivation, as Frederic Nietzsche wrote "In the pursuit of monsters one must be careful not to become one himself" This leads to another element of the shows success its following the scare formula. The horror movie style applied to some cases always attracts viewers in some cases the horror was so gruesome that a show was banned from network television (home season 4).To sum up two things made these stand alone episodes for the x files so very good. Firstly it gave the writers incredible amounts of artistic licence, their stories ranged from the implausible to the haunting to the dark to the monstrous and beyond. Secondly and perhaps more importantly is the atmosphere the show could create. This was for me what made the show so very special, they could create such incredibly dark atmospheres combined with brilliant artistic and skillful direction and a score from Mark Snow and you had creation as good as that from movies in the genre such as silence of the lambs. In essence the show had the potential to look very good.There is much to say negatively about such a good show however and that is surprising. Firstly the stand-alone episodes that could be so good had the potential to fail. The frustration here comes from the fact that a show that can be so good churned out stories that were not memorable or that were too far fetched. Furthermore the show in my opinion was not brilliant for all its years it began to deteriorate and transform into too much of a typical sci-fi show after 5 years. The more outrageous the ideas became the less the show could be dark and atmospheric. It was in some respects a victim of time, as the 21st century approached the newer the show became the more it lost its artistic edge. Even when the show was in its prime there were many average to poor episodes.I can hear the question already "how can you say a show was brilliant when it made some bad episodes in its prime?" Well you just answered your own question because the episodes in its prime that were good really were that good. I loved this show to bits, but i stopped watching at the end of series 7, because Mulder went missing. I went and bought 'The Truth', the last ever episode, and i did like it, but i did not like series 8 or 9. I recently bought a box-set of DVD's for series 6, my favourite series and love it, although i'm not really a fan of the 'to be continued' ones, i prefer the one of episodes, but i do love Dreamland, and Dreamland 2. i do recommend the show to any one who likes the paranormal, unexplained etc, probably up until series 8. Mulder is a great character, with the odd stupidity. Scully, was a great character until she had the baby and then she became rather weak, unlike the way she used to be. "to start off, I have been interested in paranormal phenomena for many decades and have read serious, scholarly papers and articles written by true paranormal investigators who do field work. These folks investigate ghosts, UFOS, poltergeists, Electronic Voice Phenomena and the like. The methodology used by THE X FILES's Mulder and Scully is pure fantasy, as are the sort of creatures and situations they encounter. And if half the money spent by fans on X-FILES mouse pads, DVDs, T-shirts and books had gone to fund the work of real paranormal researchers (who are usually underfunded and depend on private donations) researchers would have had more money to spend on travel and equipment."<br/><br/>This is the stupidest review I've yet seen for a television series. Most people watch the x-files for the interesting stories, not whether it fits someones preconceived notions of "paranormal investigations" assuming there is anything paranormal to investigate. I'm sorry if you can't enjoy this show because the fact you can't take a obviously fictional television series literally and seriously. Not it that you are meant to. The first few seasons of this show ere incredible. It was an interesting sci-fi drama which revolved around an obsessed FBI agent who wants to uncover the alien conspiracy but more than anything wants to find his lost sister.  But somewhere along the way, the show got lost. There was this big conspiracy to cover up the existence of alien life, and the idea was to find out who was behind it and why. But after the first three or four seasons, the show seemed to me as if creator Chris Carter either jus couldn't figure out how to end it, or simply dragged the show out another four years for the money. In the beginning, Mulder was obsessed with finding his sister, so much so that he is incapable of a meaningful relationship with a woman, resorting to porn for his stimulation. But they just dropped that angle around season 5 and killed her off around season 7. She was just dead. That flies in the face of everything the show was supposed to be about. He was supposed to find her, and then the show would end. And no f782ing way should he and Scully have ever gotten together. It's rediculous. The whole dynamic of their relationship is that they were never going to be able to act on their feelings, both for professional reasons and for Mulder's disconnected emotional state. Down the stretch, this show got corny and stupid. That Reyes chick annoyed me. Robert Patrick was really good, but his character had no place on this show. And Scully's sudden switch from "That's impossible, Mulder" to becoming the shows resident Mulder after Duchovny bailed was just stupid. Thsi show was great at one time, even garnering Emmy considerations in it's first few years. But it gradually became dull, repeditive, and a waste of time. Damn you, Carter. Damn you!!! simply the best, best of the best, call it what you like. No series match this one. Never has... never will... Looking forward to Sully's death in the final episode. She thinks she's better than the series and the male actors who worked harder and are paid for the harder work they've done. 
David might have to say one thing to impress the media, but the truth is his career and track record is MUCH longer than Gillian's, and her high and mighty ego is what got her character killed.
Good riddance. Ignorant fear-men, not see this (truth)
Hoping for a renewed season, Anderson free! I believe men went to the moon the script writers didn't at that point I switched off I don't hate Doggett and Reyes, I do however believe that they were fit for support characters at best. The reason I loved the X-files was the combination of a larger story, the humor and the relationship between Mulder and Scully. After Mulder left the X-files just felt empty. I'm pretty sure Doggett and Reyes weren't suppose to be exact replacements for Mulder and Scully, but I found them to be, although likable, very uninteresting. Although after season 7 the show with or without Mulder and Scully got to be less interesting, because both Anderson and Duchovny seemed to have lost a little of the charm that was so clearly present during earlier seasons.<br/><br/>All in all, this show was amazing on all fronts, but shouldn't have gone on for more than 7 seasons. Now that they are making another movie: they shouldn't have killed off so many characters. Although I love Skinner, he is pretty much the only one left from the beginning. I think the X-files has been really bad ever since the movie came out. It is not scary anymore.  Also, the show hardly relates to aliens anymore. Watch an old episode, and then watch a recent episode.  I guarantee you will see the difference. The stories have no purpose.  Mulder and Scully constantly contradict what they have said, done, or believed in the past. The show no longer lives up to its expectations.  So far, it has not been a good way to end the last season. Okay, so THE X-FILES is the oldest of hats nowadays, a frayed homburg if you will; but, like that illustrious chapeau, there is much to admire behind the tat.  I was never the biggest X-FILES fan in the world (I like to think for myself, occasionally), and I avoided the last two series which were breathtaking only  in their tortuousness, humorlessness and tedium.  The show always verged on self-parody, which tended to undermine its doomladen entreaties, and the initially subversive disavowal of closure became as reassuring and hackneyed as any Agatha Christie hackwork.<br/><br/>The performances deteriorated too - Gillian Anderson was always an unimaginative, though sexy, prig with brief flashes of amusing sarcasm, but David Duchovny in the early days had a winning, boyish, witty, enthusiastic charm that has since been reduced to an earnest soulfulness beyond the talents of this modest actor.  <br/><br/>There were always too many silly programmes about aliens, when the best shows were clearly those based on folk tales, old legends and ghost stories. Indeed, there was one amazing episode, set in a bowling alley (hey, I've got a life, I haven't every pretentious detail razed in my brain, never mind titles), which for the only time in my life literally, goosebumpingly, chilled me.  That was one of the first I watched, having remained sceptical at the show's nerd-boy reputation (largely warranted), fostering an enthusiasm which has been subsequently disappointed.  Still, as I say, there is much to enjoy.<br/><br/>Take, for instance, 'Grotesque' (see!  I checked!), an episode I caught yesterday.  It had the usual flaws - a patient, superbly atmospheric build-up marred by a botched, rushed, 'action' climax; the tiresome cliche of the detective becoming tainted by the very criminality he investigates; the anguished posing of people who can't really act.  For all this, the story managed to create a very real sense of dread, with the Russian lunatic's frightening Blakean gargoyles truly disturbing (the scene where Scully thought a flying cat was a diabolical painting come to life scared me witless too).  <br/><br/>The really great thing about THE X-FILES, besides popularising the sensible, anti-detective fiction, notion that the world and its problems cannot be saved and understood by an all-seeing, understanding, rational, Holmes-like detective, is the persistant advocating of the idea that behind our brave new antiseptic, ordered, technological, digital world, there are terrifying, suppressed yet inexorable remnants from the past that just won't stay down - their profusion, a mark of our decadence, will ultimately engulf our complacent empire-building (er, yikes!  Did I write that?).  Fox's history lessons, despite their arrant pretentiousness, are always illuminating in themselves, but also vital shocks for those of us who would ignore history in the eager grasping of the Future.  Spooky. This is such a strange show because it is totally a mixed bag.  Some episodes are funny and clever, scary or horrifying or too deep and plodding to enjoy, while others are so boringly mired in alien conspiracy that you wonder how this show stayed on the air as long as it did.  Assuredly, though, The X-Files was not one for reliability in its later seasons, as you could never be sure which kind of episode you were in for.<br/><br/>
****When the end came it wasn't pretty, as the stories and writing suffered badly after Duchovny departed the scene.  The addition of Robert Patrick, though initially very promising, was spoiled by a lot of muddled plots and those episodes I call, "Previous viewership required" which served to alienate the new audience this show needed at this critical time.  Worse still, Scully was excluded from much of the interest and action due to being pregnant.  (Terrible idea.  A heavy death bell for a show that was on thin ice after Mulder's departure.) Couple this with weak writing and dialogue for Agent Doggett - Again, this would be the time to build up his character into someone really likeable so the audience would get attached to him, but instead the show went meandering into mind-numbing conspiracy, not the quirky and original and fun type plots that the long-time viewers enjoyed the most.. and instead of being lovable and interesting, Doggett was just sort of "there," hanging around like a placeholder for Mulder.   Even worse, a second female character was added to the cast (Agent Reyes) and I cannot relate the effect of this because I stopped watching at this point because I just wasn't interested in her.  (It was hard enough for me to get "quality time" with Scully even before Reyes showed up.)  Considering all of this, The X-Files was doomed.  And it wasn't even necessarily because Mulder fled the scene.. it was because the writers and producers made bad decisions about what to do with the show in his absence.****<br/><br/>SPOILER WARNING.  Go Back.  Evil! Achtung! Cuidado!  You have been warned.**** Then we have the series finale, quite possibly the worst episode ever made-- Unreasonably beyond plausibility, and pretty depressing to boot. After living on the cusp of obsessive madness for years, Mulder finally loses it completely and ends up in some kind of mock-trial which seems to have no purpose beyond providing a venue for summarizing all the secrets and plot points of the show to date.  Cut to a high speed chase through the southwestern desert, and a dilapidated Indian village where the CSM has apparently been living in exile in a cave for years.  (Yeah.) And just as soon as this swanky Canadian gent (William Davis- who brought to life certainly the greatest TV villain in history.) is returned from the dead, he is just as swiftly taken away from us again in a digitally rendered explosion that is graphic enough to assure us that we will never again see this colorful character of whom we have grown so fond over the many years. It is almost symbolic and leaves one wondering if the CSM was not the hidden heart and soul of this show the entire time. By now the neonatal ills of previous episodes (Poopy Droolface Who Shall Inhibit Our Ability to Spend Quality Time With Scully on The Job)  ---- And by the way, I find it really remarkable that Scully is able to muster awe for having a child for what?  The third time?  Even I'M bored with it!---  has exited the stage and none too soon, but it's just not enough to pull this show back from the brink...   A real shame.  Just a shame that what was once a very lively, eloquent show had to end in such goofy, unsophisticated flames. ****Still, we have our favorite episodes on tape and can revisit Mulder and Scully when they were the pinnacle of great TV, when the show got back to basics- simpler stories of the varying paranormal, with a chaser of conspiracy.  When they were at their best, no one could touch Mulder and Scully in the realm of entertainment.  The show was alternately emotional and moving, funny and heartwarming, chilling and dramatic, all to a positive end... and maybe that should be the legacy of this highly innovative program that has so changed the topography of modern television.  And perhaps changed a nation as well, for who can hear of the strange and unexplained, the retentive government with its secrets and red tape, without being reminded of that postered office with the pencil-poked ceiling in the FBI's basement... Here's hoping they make more movies. Way back in 1993 i tuned in to the first episode of "The X Files" expecting something great,and i wasn"t disappointed. Every show tackled a different idea, great special effects etc., it seemed to mark a new era in television sci-fi. But,after about two years i suddenly realised that it had degenerated into a kind of formulaeic soap opera where you could miss the first 20 minutes then switch on the TV and still follow the story. The basic story goes #1] Thing kills someone-local cops are baffled #2] Mulder/Scully are called in, Thing kills more people #3] Cops think they have captured Thing, Mulder has bizarre theory but Scuully is not convinced #4] Mulder or Scully hunts for Thing at night armed only with an incredibly powerful torch, and is captured by Thing #5] Just as Thing is about to kill/abduct/impregnate Mulder or Scully, Mulder/Scully turns up and kills Thing using powerful torch #6] Thing disappears leaving no trace #7 Mulder and Scully celebrate by sharing a lame joke,but resist the urge to get jiggy #8] Cue scene of REAL Thing which is still alive [credits,with annoying kids voice]. The X Files, like "Star Trek", had its moments but should have been deleted after the second series. Will someone please pull the plug on this once interesting TV series that use to be worth an hour of our time?<br/><br/>I don't think there has ever been a TV show that has gone on for so long after peaking as the X Files.  The show basically went sour after they moved the production to LA and even before then it was showing some wear & tear.<br/><br/>Besides with everything that is going on in the world now, shouldn't these FBI agents be going after terrorists instead of aliens, people hiding the existence of aliens, children of aliens?  And when you think about it, Scully, Mulder, Dogett, etc. must be the worse law enforcement agents of all time.  They have never caught anyone or solved any case! To me, a project is either good or bad. A Yes, I would recommend it to others or a No, don't waste your time.
My reviews are based on my experience and are only my opinion.
I hope they help you when deciding what to watch and what to avoid. YES, IT IS!<br/><br/>There's not much to say about this awesome tv show, a big THANK YOU to all involved in making it. Thank you! By far, this is the most overrated show in history. To begin, it's creator Chris Carter, doesn't possess one single original idea and like the many hacks of his generation liberally "borrows" from other sources. The fact that so many laud this show for  being "unique", "innovative" and "ground breaking " only proves what a mindless wasteland television truly is. To those of you unaware, the X-Files is basically by the numbers television. It borrows heavily (and boy do I mean heavily) from many horror and science-fiction programs of the past such as the Outer Limits, The Night Stalker, The Twilight Zone, and perhaps most significantly the Invaders ( another alien conspiracy driven show). Much in the way that nearly every scene from the movie Star Wars (another textbook example of creative plagiarism) is directly lifted from another movie, so too does nearly every episode of the X-Files possess a counterpart from a previous series. Chris Carter did not "write" the X-Files so much as he "compiled" it. The only thing more horrendous than the shows writing has to be David Duchovnys' acting. He has a delivery so wooden and one-dimensional that William Shatner is Marlon Brando by comparison. If you want to watch a science fiction show that is truly unique and intelligent, I recommend watching the original Outer Limits from the 60s. While the special effects may seem quaint, it has some of the best writing and acting ever to grace such a show. It's also an anthology show and has no continuing characters which allows for far more possibilities. This is something you "sophisticated' and "modern" audiences can't accept because in your remarkable lack of imagination you insist on having the same old slop served up and spoon fed to you week after week. Before Robert Patrick arrived as the tough agent John Doggett, I never found THE X-FILES to be a completely cool show. I think it was because of David Duchovny. He is, in my book, one of the lamest, most lifeless actors ever. But Patrick's acting skills by far outmatches Duchovny's. His role as Doggett makes a more gripping and dark atmosphere than the paranoid delusions of Mulder's. Doggett, along with agent Dana Scully, (played by the always fine Gillian Anderson), solve the weirdest cases around the globe. I think the smartest thing that David Duchovny has ever done in his life or career has been to quit this show. Such a pity that he left it until it was too late (ie his name and face is now inextricably linked to it). It's certainly too late for the show to go out with so much as a modicum of respect.<br/><br/>This is because it, like the Bond franchise, can't stop recycling the same plot over and over and over until it starts to become upsetting. Fox Mulder's search for "the truth" got so repetitive and boring that after a while, viewers I knew were like "the bloody truth *better* be out there!". Then there's the constant theft of other people's story ideas, usually from far superior writers and directors such as John Carpenter (how many times has They Live or The Thing been pirated?) or Robert Heinlein. It has gotten to the point where the easiest way to discern someone who has read or viewed any good science fiction is as easy as asking them their opinion of this road accident of a show.<br/><br/>The funniest thing about recent episodes has been the departure of David Duchovny to be replaced with... Robert Patrick. Aside from an appearance in Terminator 2, has this guy really done anything worthy of note? I do recall a very poor direct-to-video effort, but very little else. The rest of the cast are all non-starters, really, merely being asked to recite painfully stilted dialogue that makes that of the last Star Wars film sound like Tolkein and be impossibly annoying.<br/><br/>All in all, I wouldn't give this series a one out of ten. Even the first season was a whopping load of pirated crap, and if repeated storylines is the first sign of creative fatigue, then Chris Carter and his team should have been wheeled off to the morgue right at the beginning. This show was one of the worst that Fox has ever put on television, I mean it was a total waste of an hour, in my opinion they took way too long to cancel it. I mean the whole series was about two detectives solving UFO related crimes, what the hell? The X Files really is one of the greatest shows to ever grace TV. Yeah, it has it's ups and downs, mainly seasons 8 and 9, but that doesn't stop it from being a great series. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson are quite possibly the greatest on screen pairs I've ever seen. I love their character's to death and the show doesn't work if one of them is missing. This is evident in season 2 when Scully is taken away for a few episodes and seasons 8 and 9 where Duchovny is absent for most of it.
The first season takes a while to establish itself. Episode 2 was where I became hooked with the show but I'd say the show's monster of the week episodes were at it's weakest here. After finishing the season one I couldn't get enough of it. As the show started to dive deeper into it's mythology, I became obsessed. I became obsessed with William B. Davis' character "The Smoking Man", which in my opinion is one of the greatest TV villains and characters of all time. He's someone you either love to hate or hate to love. His presence just leaves me in awe every time he's onscreen.
Season 8 is where the show started to get repetitive for me and I began losing interest in it. Same as Season 9. It was hard getting used to Robert Patrick and Annabeth Gish at first but they slowly grew on me, but they're no Mulder and Scully.
One of my other complaints with the show is I feel like there's way too many MOTW episodes. Most of them are good but I'd say 25% of them aren't. I feel like they could've spent more of those episodes expanding the mythology and concluding story lines.
The revival seasons a lot of people seem to hate, mainly longtime fans, but fair enough. I will admit that it is quite rushed and there are a few bad twists but I found it quite satisfying. The MOTW episodes in the revival were all amazing in my opinion. The ending, yeah it was rushed but I found it a satisfying conclusion to the characters of Mulder and Scully, but not the X Files itself. I feel like there's still more to be done but I am aware Gillian Anderson is not reprising her role if a season 12 were to happen.
All in all, Yes. The X Files is worth watching and is now in my top 10 TV shows.<br/><br/>Ranking of the seasons
5,3,4,6,2,1,7,11,10,9,8<br/><br/>Favorite Episodes<br/><br/>Home
Musings Of A Cigarette Smoking Man
The Post Modern Prometheus (My favorite ending to any episode ever)
Bad Blood
Duane Berry
Mulder and Scully Meet The Were-Monster
Jose Chung's From Outer Space
Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose Season - 1 (Very slow and occasionally boring);
Story-line => 3/5 (Slow);
Acting => 4/5 (Still more to go);
Directing => 4/5 (Seems promising);
Visual Effects/Animation => 4/5 (At 1993, it's enough);
Screenplay => 4/5 (Not Powerful);
Personal Recommendation => 3/5 (I got bored in the middle. But season finale was promising. Going to watch Season 2); I started watching the X-Files when it first came out, and I have loved it ever since. I really liked the mood of the episodes, the acting, music score, characters, everything really.<br/><br/>I find the newer X-Files not as great, it's as if the characters did not age well (I ma not talking about the actors), and what is the deal with Scully constantly whispering? This was one of the most anticipated revivals of television but unfortunately did not lived upto the reputation.<br/><br/>The stories were too deviated from the earlier style creating a gap in character of the television.<br/><br/>The logic of Scully and paranoia of Mulder was not there. The combination that gave energy in previous seasons was not there creating many miscalculations and issues and even major plot holes in the seasons.<br/><br/>Overall - 3/5 There was a channel from UTV where i first saw this series first season and i was impressed. A good mix of horror, mystery and thrill. I was destined to watch the full show in sometime in future. And that was it. Quite a few years back i saw the whole nine seasons. It was relaunched with a whole new season in 2017.<br/><br/>This show had all the pros of great chemistry between lead characters, amazing one or two episode stories and supporting cast. David and Gina were great and i was emotionally attached with their chemistry. However, the only two cons as per me were the parallel alien theme which dint worked out and the relaunch dint had much scope and seemed streched and boring.<br/><br/>Anyways, it is better than many other shows of same theme and genre. 8 stars from my side. The series has potenical and... but it's simply so.... dull so lacking so "usual" so.......
it's fine but.... it simply seems like there are better alternatives to watch...<br/><br/>other then that i most say i didn't watch all seasons and until the end i stoped after a few but yeah from other reviews it sounds like it keeps getting worse...
so i do not suggest you watch this but it's fine i guess....
really there are muh much better series.....
idk why so many people like it so much but u know.... This is must see TV for any fan of sci-fi and also horror. This show was amazing for its first many years, only trailing off in the last few seasons when it got dragged down by the staleness and ever growing and confusing main alien and conspiracy story line that still has never really been resolved. Plus it was a huge blow when Duchovny and then Anderson both left, obviously. When the show came back it suffered the same problems but still is good and worth watching particularly for the great "monster of the week" style episodes. Hopefully they stick around long enough to wrap up the ponderous and ongoing alien conspiracy story to satisfy the shows many fans, but hopefully that won't be too long, be it through the series or more movies. This show has brought so much potiential for new shows to be created. And it did inspire new shows like supernatural, lost and many more shows! Thank your. Chris Carter for making such a great show for us to enjoy This show had such a great story line even season 10 and 11 were really good seasons to add to the storyline! If you guys haven't watched this show I highly recommend it cause you don't want to miss this adventure. :) This is such a famous series, and I've tried over the years to get into it but its heavy-handed Coast to Coast AM approach to the paranormal and David Duchovny's grossly incompetent acting just push me out of it every time. One thing I do like that came out of it: the Theatre on King in Ontario did some truly inspired stage adaptations of some of the early episodes, and they're up on YouTube if you want to see how X-Files ought to be done. The first season of Chris Carter's classic, divisive science-fiction show has its fair share of silly moments and hasn't aged particularly well, but all the elements that would later lead to terrific seasons are here: There's Fox Mulder, played here with sincerity and understated charm by David Duchovny, the immortal opening credits and theme, as well as the groundwork for an extraterrestrial and government conspiracy mythology that carries into the later seasons and stamps the overall show with an eerie undertone of plausibility. However, this show is nothing without Gillian Anderson's Dana Scully, whose rational and detached approach to investigative work makes her gradual progression into full believer all the more compelling and thrilling, made famous by Anderson's authoritative and commanding performance. The 7 stars so far is because of the new season 10 and 11. Season 10 puts my rating down severely, or it would have been a clean 10 out of 10 for me.<br/><br/>First episode of season 11 starts off to my liking.<br/><br/>Season 10 was a joke for me, and couldn't stand the use of an agent called Einstein, and hate to see she is in season 11 as well, albeit so far at a much low level. TOO comedic for me.<br/><br/>I've been a fan of X-Files since the first episode of season 1, and been an avid watcher and believer of the show and hold it with high regards.<br/><br/>I seriously hope that season 11 will do justice to the conspircy, where season 10 utterly failes my expectations.<br/><br/>So far so good on first episode of season 11... Will be watching and I do love having Mulder and Scully and Skinner and CGB back. I just hope they follow this through in this mini-season of 10 episodes. I was first introduced to actor Zelijko Ivanek in this great episode titled "Roland." Ivanek played the title role and I was floored by his performance. He amazingly portrays a man with mental challenges who is overtaken by a dead scientist. The episode is very well written, but Ivanek's portrayal is award worthy, he should have received an Emmy this work. His mannerisms, his speech, his movements, everything is incredibly portrayed. Ivanek is one of the reason's I break out this episode and periodically watch it again and again. After Ivanek's role in this episode, I began to seek out other works by him and found his subsequent roles just as great. He's just an amazing actor I greatly respect. Favorite show of all time. I watch reruns when I can. You won't find a show making these many episodes for one season anymore. Really great acting and believable characters. Great variety of paranormal topics being explored and ongoing alien/government conspiracy a good story. I love Scully, she's so smart and beautiful. Mulder is one cool cat. Love all the cameos for now superstars i.e. Bryan Cranston. Give it try, you'll be hooked. The truth is out there! I decided to give this show a chance as Vince Gilligan talks about writing for it in almost all of his interviews. The Pilot did not get me hooked right away but it did peek some interest for me to check out more episodes. Am I now glad that I binged the entire series :)<br/><br/>It is mostly episodic with plot points that range from alien abductions to govt conspiracies to vampires to monsters of every hue and color to paranormal and sometimes just incomprehensible s**t! But what sells every plot is the stellar acting from David Duchovny. Mulder believes, so you believe. Mulder's conviction is your conviction. While Mulder believes (he has a compelling personal reason to 'believe' and it is not blind belief - you can also say that Mulder is a seeker with an open mind), Scully acts as the rational mind who cannot accept anything that has no scientific explanation yet. However, she always gives in and helps Mulder pursue his belief. The mythology plots in the show are done beautifully and even if it feels unbelievable at times, the lead pair sells it convincingly. The plots with starlight, Scully's recovery and multiple other plots would have been beyond acceptable if it were not for the lead pair.<br/><br/>Mulder and Scully have a deep and meaningful relationship that is beyond what most people would ever experience in their own lives. It is one of the most interesting relationships I have seen on TV. The relationship is of deep and unconditional love and care, but it is mostly platonic. They love each other, they take care of each other and the show is peppered with lovely moments between the two. <br/><br/>There are many many dud episodes throughout the series that make you wanna skip them completely but that is expected when they churn out 22-25 episodes per season, and not all writers are as good as Vince Gilligan or Frank Spotnitz. The show does get quite bad in its last two seasons although I did enjoy a few episodes just for their concept. Robert Patrick and specially Annabeth Gish are great as the new agents assigned to the X-Files but one does miss David Duchovny in them and the Mulder-Scully dynamic is sorely missed. Also, the kind of personal connection and passion that Mulder has for the X-files is incomparable.<br/><br/>I have not bothered to watch season 10 of the X-files but among the 9 seasons, I would pick the following as my favorite episodes (not in any particular order)------ Milagro, Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose, How the Ghosts Stole Christmas, Monday, Small Potatoes, Bad Blood, Paper hearts, Pusher, Memento Mori, Triangle, Quagmire, Dreamland 1 and 2, Hungry, The Goldberg Variation, all things, Je Souhaite, Requiem<br/><br/>Some of the other episodes that were quite good and had interesting plots------ Eve, Fire, Anasazi, Blessing way, Paper Clip, Soft Light, The Rain King, Arcadia, D.P.O, 2Shy, Herrenvolk, The End, Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man, The Gift, Redrum, 4-D, John Doe, Audrey Pauley, Release I used to watch this on/off when I was younger but started watching it more when it was on the Spike channel in the UK. During the series we saw Scullys abduction, later her cancer and miraculous pregnancy when she wasn't able to have children due to her abduction. As well as that Mulder got abducted, died and was resurrected from the dead. There were some scenes that were disturbing in the second series a toddler died after being hit by a train. The tenth series was good but I had a few problems with it bringing in Agent Einstein and Agent Miller who were supposed to be a younger Mulder and Scully. As well as the season 10 finale where everyone has the virus apart from Scully and Mulder is dying (for about the thousandth time), Scully tells Agent Miller that the only way she can save Mulder is through Stem cells from her son William who she gave him up for adoption to keep him safe, then Scully says she doesn't know where he is ,an alien ship flies over and the credits roll. I enjoyed most of the series but I wasn't mad about series 9 it wasn't the same when David Duchovny left even though he was in the last episodes of series 9. I have been watching "The X Files" since I was 11-12 years old. The series was still on at the time, and what can I say I was hooked. While my initial interest in the series had more to do with the gorgeous Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), it was the creative and amazing story telling that kept me hooked on the series. I have been a fanatic of the show for a log time, and will never stop loving it. Hadn't watched the series for a decade....so wonderful to rediscover this genuinely intelligent and witty crime/ mystery/ drama, and watch from the very beginning after so long. Nothing compares in this genre; this is a genre unto itself. So many iconic and adorable things about this show...<br/><br/>The "I WANT TO BELIEVE" poster in Mulder's office. LOVE. Scully's PERFECT red/ auburn hair. Scully's cool scientific delivery, and professor-ish beauty. The adorableness of Mulder's character; the give and take b/t Scully and Mulder, such a perfect balance. Scully's eyeglasses she wears when at her computer. With the big round frames; so beauty! Seriously cannot hardly fathom when two actors have been so perfectly cast, like ever, for a show. David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson bring so much more than their obvious beauty to this series; I can't imagine staying so dedicated to a character for so long, and doing it so brilliantly. And the episode ::::slight spoiler::::: which Gillian Anderson wrote and directed which features Moby's "The Sky is Broken." omfg. LOVE. This series is so aesthetically pleasing and also suspenseful; so perfect. Two FBI dissident cops; if only. Maybe that's why so many people love the X Files so much~ We "WANT TO BELIEVE!" LOVE the theme!! (not so much the score though....). <br/><br/>Buzzkill: only icky thing, and this is purely subjective and super gripe-ish, I admit, omg srsly detest Mark Snow's score for the most part, which in early seasons consists of banging on one, and maybe two notes on the piano repeatedly and slowly in teeth grinding inducing fashion, and really annoying the "sound effects" within some of the episode scores which compete with the actual sounds of the action in the show so that one isn't certain if something has crashed or broken or been dropped, or if Mr. Snow just thought it would be clever to drop a cookie sheet down a stairwell as part of the score. Literally making it impossible to follow the plot accurately during the "music." Took away from my enjoyment of the show. Later seasons the scores improved a lot. the music. the tension. the atmosphere. the acting. all as pieces of a perfect show. or only a fascinating one for a teenager like me in the period when I saw it. the parts of the chain of the lead characters stories, the ambiguity who transforms it in great thriller, the hypothesis about a myth too far by you are ingredients of a form of adventure who remains spectacular episode by episode. and this is the detail who gives to The X-Files the status of phenomenon. because it is , in a subtle form, a series about the danger from yourself. and about old fascination about the presence of strange relatives in universe and their obscure relation with us. and the great thing is the real good script who saves the series from the traps of mannerism. so, almost an experience. A series that lasts nine years has to cross many fields and terrains and meet many challenges if they are not terminating dangers or potentials. The general idea is in itself submitted to such eventualities, either Fox Mulder is menaced in his integrity, in his life or in his FBI position and we end a season on a cliffhanger that is uncomfortable and then tricky to solve.<br/><br/>This very long series correspond to the strangest period in the history of the USA – and a little bit, a very little bit the world often reduced to Russia. It is the period covering Bill Clinton's presidency and the first two years of George W. Bush's own presidency, hence up to the campaign against Afghanistan and Iraq, the lies in the United Nations and the perverted objectives and ambitions that have set the world upside down. The conspiracy, if conspiracy there was or might have been, could no longer be seen as coming from inside the US government, the unseen dark aisles behind and under the Pentagon and the State Department. So it had to go back to an older fear, and that was extraterrestrials, the War of the Worlds and other Martians story but on the bleak side. No Encounters of any third type. Just plain hostile and warlike.<br/><br/>The general idea is that some obscure committee composed of a camarilla of obscure biggies in the world came together just after the Second World War – we are of course speaking of the West as opposed to the Communist block reduced to being the USSR often called Russia or Siberia in this later period – to face a danger of a new type: the famous extraterrestrials that landed in Roswell. The general idea is that humanity as such is of extraterrestrial origin – note this forgets to answer about the origin of this intelligent life that was able to roam in the cosmos some millions or billions of years ago, making God the Creator an extraterrestrial himself – and those in 1946-47 started plans with some humans to prepare some mix of human and extraterrestrial genes to produce the people who will be needed to take over the planet again when ready, or to produce super soldiers in another shade of the tale.<br/><br/>This nostalgic comeback, nostalgic on the side of the extraterrestrials but also on the side of the aficionados of the war of the world and Orson Welles, is modified from time to time with the principle that an extraterrestrial virus is being spread in the world via bees, corn or whatever, after a great number of humans had been abducted to be implanted with a controlling capsule, and even by the hypothesis that it won't work anyway and it is better to plan the termination of the human race. The gist of the problem is that "the truth is out there" which means it is not in us, the humans. Yet "out there" has many meanings. It can be out there in the cosmos with the extraterrestrials, or out there in the black, dark and inscrutable alleys and aisles of the federal government buildings where some monsters may be roaming. To make them dark plotters allied to extraterrestrials look bad all means are used: a major one is a chain smoker. The others are either obese or on the very fat side, and they have heavy non-American including British accents, etc. <br/><br/>The whole story then is that of a plot of some humans with extraterrestrials for these extraterrestrials to recuperate their extraterrestrial investment on earth by re-conquering earth, and these plotters use all means to control as many people in the state apparatus as possible. What is not explained is why the FBI, part of the innermost circle of power, decided to create a special department with only two agents but with great powers, to study all paranormal phenomena, and of course first of all the most paranormal if not the most abnormal phenomena having to do with extraterrestrials. It will never be clear if it was some guilt covering decision, or if it was some real anxiety of what may happen if it were true, or even if it was a way to sidetrack some agents and to satisfy the career-minded social climbing of some unscrupulous agents. Probably a little of all and many other motivations all around. <br/><br/>What makes the series strange and fascinating is the fact that they deal with phenomena that really look at first sight banal. It is always dealing with some strange death or unexplained disappearance and/or abduction. Instead of solving the crimes in the good CSI line, or instead of clearing the plate in the good Supernatural tradition, it always has the bias of an obscure shady plot from inside the government of the US always having to do with extraterrestrials and only paralleled to the same but a lot more obscure dealings of the Russians in Siberia. The systematic victimization of the two main agents and their substitutes in the last season is also a hallmark of the attraction of the series. Just think of all the marginal political movements that have invoked in a way or another an unredeemably bad plot from the military forces, the police, the capitalists, corporations, high-tech companies, the you-name-them-you-have-them muddy and deeply egotistic groups. <br/><br/>It is always such an idea that is behind all the protest groups in the world. At times it is rather realistic but in many other cases it is the sign of the paranoia or the schizophrenia of a vast number of people in our world. In older centuries that kind of ideology was covered by the street corner preachers announcing the end of the world or the apocalypse. [...]<br/><br/>Enjoy the trip.<br/><br/>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU This movie is the best i ever seen be cu z this is an exposed of the system we living in this is no movie this is real or so call t the truth so thanks for letting us waking up let it all fade away the soul blinded system we living in my vote for this movie is a 10/10. this is a movie like buy before you try thing so we getting stronger in the end truth bless us all ones you see it free your mind free your life free your way free your message to the living being's stand up for the don't stand up is like a reborn wit no more pain in all of us but anyway don't let fear take you over just be happy wake up watching greetings -znAKe - Solo Minded Productions X-Files was an instant hit on TV. It was so much fun, we loved the characters, and for me personally the series has enormous nostalgia value. <br/><br/>It was series that reflected the descent into nihilism that marked the 90s. We see a lot of monsters and myths reshuffled, but with a lot of paranoia, confusion, and sense of being incapable to grasp even basic things regarding the purpose of life, let alone the meaning of universe. Also, the series presents us with an image of America that is very seductive, yet ultimately fake. The America they portray is as real as the government lies our protagonists keep running into wherever they turn. But it's charming. <br/><br/>This series is well written, well acted, well directed, well shot, and well edited. The people who made it put a lot of effort in this project, and clearly enjoyed themselves while doing it. The enthusiasm shows, and so does the skill of the filmmakers.<br/><br/>So what are the weaknesses? I guess when they started the project, the guiding idea was that there would be an arc connecting all the episodes, namely the search for extraterrestrial life and the answer to a personal drama of agent Mulder whose sister was supposedly abducted by aliens when he was a child. The problems arose when it turned out that the series would continue season after season, and the writers had to keep this arc going, which resulted in an incredibly convoluted plot with so many twists and turns and so many failures to provide any form of payoff, that the series got totally bogged down.<br/><br/>Like so many people, I prefer the stand-alone episodes that tend to involve various monsters. These were great from the very start and became even more interesting as the writers started experimenting with the format, introducing reflexive elements, irony, humour, and so on. These were far superior to the ones about aliens, which never seemed to go anywhere.<br/><br/>Another thing I don't like is the fact they kept filming after David Duchovny left. Seasons 8 and 9 were basically a chase for more money. The quality of these episodes was noticeably lower, the writing was lazy, and the magic was gone. And still the aliens arc remained as confusing as ever. <br/><br/>I have recently watched all the episodes of the tenth series, where they finally brought Duchovny back. Sadly the magic is still lacking, and I enjoyed only one of these new episodes. However, there is still potential here, and I would love to see more episodes, but they need better scripts and they need to find ways to inject life into these middle-aged protagonists. They need new forms of motivation to drive them, and the writers need to exploit the potential to be ironic and self-referential - without being cheesy. I don't believe.<br/><br/>However, I found this series, back in the 90's, to be good clean fun to watch. Some of the stories can be a little scary for the kids but overall there is no graphic violence (in the television series). Most of the stories are too far fetched to be realistic and end up being fantasy or folklore. However that shouldn't detract from your enjoyment.<br/><br/>The 10th season is still good, but I think that the direction of the show is bi-polar. I say this because I just binged the first six episodes and the first two were awesome. The third and the fourth episode were total crap, but then the fifth episode was sort of good and then the sixth episode (while getting back on track) felt rushed and misplaced.<br/><br/>I really want this show to succeed but they can't keep coming up with silly stories (such as the episode with a lizardman). Sorry. That is just plain horrible writing and completely out of place for the story line.<br/><br/>Overall, I still give the show an 8/10 for ratings. This show is one of my favorite TV shows of all time, it's one of those shows I honestly feel are just made for me. It takes the Detective/Noir genre, horror and sci-fi genre, mix it together like a well blended smoothie it makes a really tasty drink. It really changed the way we viewed the genres but also paved the way for some other mystery supernatural series out there.<br/><br/>The premise of the show I think is awesome, what if all of those stories of the paranormal or even what you might have seen on the next episode of "Unsolved Mysteries" were all real. I really also love the premise of an actual investigative task force, but instead of criminals it's aliens, monsters, Men in Black, psychics, witches, demons, just all the above in bump in the night.<br/><br/>This I think is just great because it makes each of the cases colorful but also unpredictable and suspenseful. You honestly never know what to expect and from what Mulder and Skully have to deal with you not entirely sure how. Their also throughout provoking as we're constantly in the same boat as both of them, trying to figure out what the hell is going on and why.<br/><br/>There was also a revolving plot line throughout the show which actually intriguingly develops and remains a mystery throughout where despite always getting answers to a question or two we always had a million more unanswered. The premise of a shadow organization within our government is I thought a cleaver but also plausible premise which is actually scary when you think about it, who's to say we don't have one now. <br/><br/>The effects and the lighting are just excellent as most to all of it is practical. The monsters and aliens we see the make up work is excellent they really look like they could exist. But I'm even more impressed by the use of the darkness which is on every episode, not just giving the episode just a really creepy and even scary vibe which I'll admit at times gave me chills. But it also gave the show a sort of Neo Noir atmosphere, as if the world both Mulder and Skully inhabit is a dark dangerous world where there can be something hidden in the shadows or dark forces are always closing in on both of them. <br/><br/>There are a lot of great characters from the Lone Gunmen whom I always found dryly hilarious as all three are oddball loners whom don't always hit the mark, but only when helpful to Mulder as they are technical expertise which make them able to uncover certain things.<br/><br/>Cigerette Smoking Man he is one of my favorite fictional villains, because he's really by his nature a madman with a god complex in the guise of order. The fact that he constantly smokes reflects his deceptive nature as he a person that is constantly hiding his sinister motives, a really dark past that we still only scratched the surface of, let alone seems to have all the cards. But he is always cold and calculating, and any semblance of emotion he emits seems counterfeit.<br/><br/>But of course the two characters Fox Mulder and Dana Skully are the true gold of the show. Both of them are just great, their the kind of people I'd want to call if I thought there was something bump in the night; Mulder and Skully are both one of my favorite fictional protagonists ever. <br/><br/>It's the typical detective duo dynamic but this dynamic really works. The chemistry between both of them is just excellent, it's both interesting but also dryly funny seeing them have this really dry banter. I like that both have distinct persona's and well rounded characters. And despite differences both have one thing in common their unwavering determination to find the truth.<br/><br/>Mulder of course is the believer, he is open minded, tough, has a dry charisma but has some quarks that make him both a bit strange but human. From throwing pencils on the celling when he's bored, which is something I can emphasize with like anyone that just watches some random TV for a certain amount of time. And of course his trademark which is eating sunflower seeds as a snack and a way to think.<br/><br/>Skully is the skeptic, I love that she's not some stereotypical annoying close minded skeptic. But a skeptic that actually leaves the door open in her mind a crack. I really like that some of her skepticism is at times valid in some instances but some of it does get disproven and even she knows she can't deny the fact that there is something going on that defys common rational. She also has a dry charisma and humor to her, as she sometimes says a smart ass retort. Even like how sometimes she has this loyality to Mulder, as he constantly drags her some place she just rolls her eyes knowing she's going on the road to hell (literally) and goes with him anyway.<br/><br/>I also like seeing how their relationship develops not just professionally but personally which makes them easier to sort of emphasize with and really care. Whenever something happens to one or both of them we are concerned for their lives; things like that just show how truly human they are their not bulletproof. And despite how many cases they get though they both do take their licks but they always get back up and fight back which I feel is a good message showing your never really defeated unless you get back up and that's part of why both of them win.<br/><br/>Truth is stranger than fiction.<br/><br/>Rating: 4 stars I do like the mystery and conspiracy aspects of it, and Mulder's quest for the truth invites you to join him. However, Mulder's only downfall is him rarely ever putting any an emotion in his voice. I get that's one of David Duchovny's trademarks, but I think even Leonard Nimoy's Spock sounded a little more alive than him. I like how Scully is investigative like Mulder is. Yet my only two problems with her are Gillian Anderson was 25 when she first starred in this show, but she acts and looks like she's a 40 year old tight-ass (and she's fairly new to the FBI). She also acts like a well-trained sheep whereas Mulder tends to think outside the box. Probably if Scully were to experience unexplainable situations like Mulder has, she wouldn't act like that. Other than those flaws, Duchovny and Anderson make their characters believable and the drama is really good. They didn't finish it as far as I am concerned. No closure. I thought for sure they would do a movie or something in 2012 because of project "End Game" which was the start date (12/22/2012) of colonization. Remember this is what Mulder saw on the computer screen at Mt. Weather before Knowle Rohrer(super soldier) tried to kill him and ended up electrocuting himself...but surely not dead. So they gonna have to do this right. We'll need closure on Knowle Rohrer. We'll need closure on DD Kersch who disappears and is replaced by a new deputy director(alien - remember Gison Praise said he was not human at the military tribunal). We'll need closure on Gibson Praise. Remember there are two factions(pro-colonization and anti- colonization) of aliens so we'll need closure on that. One of those factions did not want the "species" corrupted hence the alien bounty hunter...we'll need closure on that. Too many questions left unanswered so I hope these six episodes deal with them all. I just recently watched the X-files front to back again (2015) - because i kind of felt like childhood TV. ... And i have to say.. i was blown away!<br/><br/>Not only does the storytelling easily hold up to today (if not exceed it) - but it offered many things i simply did not notice back as a little child.<br/><br/>At that point it must be mentioned that i am utterly surprised that my parents let me watch this series at all - considering it is a LOT (and i mean a LOT!) more gory than i remembered - it almost celebrates it.<br/><br/>Back to the review ... character development is very good ... with some "stutters" and lengths though. So while the protagonists evolve very nicely based on their experience in the series - not all the experience is taken into account and they sometimes seem to force themselves to stoically adhere to their old characteristics. All in all though it is very good. Scully and Mulder are likable, the "bad" guys - at least the important ones - are more than just one dimensional. The stories range from very dark and serious to funny like Army of Darkness funny. - The mix and chronology is well done.<br/><br/>What can i say ... I loved the series once again - but that time even more than as a kid. <br/><br/>I wish to mention that .. again .. i feel like those older shows were much more progressive than some of the new ones these days. The show is critical, motivates to ask questions. It is not censored like todays shows - so there is swearing and kids come to harm. All in all - the show does not compromise its storytelling for some network rules - which is refreshing. I've certainly taken my time with finally getting around to The X-Files, and I thank Netflix for the opportunity. Very smilar to Supernatural but more focused at times with its stand-alone episodes, it's a wild ride. The mythology does get murkier and murkier as the show goes on, and when it's all said and done, it stands-out as the one crucial flaw in the show. Seasons 2 to 5 are all of the highest order, and even when the show jumps down in quality in Season 6 there's something to enjoy. The star here is Gillian Anderson though, and as great as Duchovny can be at times with comedy his dramatic chops don't touch Anderson's, who's simply a revelation. This is one of the finest female TV performances ever, and it's a big reason as to why the show works overall. The show features Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) as FBI agents charged with investigating cases that involved the paranormal. Both creepy and intriguing, "The X-Files" was hugely popular during its nine-year run on Fox in the 1990s and early 2000s (it now airs in syndication and is available on DVD). Folks who like sci-fi or horror will enjoy "The X-Files" for its complexity and rich character development. Parents may want to preview episodes for appropriateness for younger or more sensitive kids, since some shows are scarier than others. Viewers jumping into the middle of a season may be confused by the episodes dealing with detailed back stories. I would rate this by 9 or 10 out of 10 but last 5 seasons don't allowed that! Start was incredible during years when show was premiered but you can still enjoy it in this days if you re watch...however with every season upcoming the show fall and fall down hard - season 4 was yet solid, season 5 already too stereotype and what starts from season 6 is hard to describe:) The show doesn't follow the plot and even own atmosphere anymore and is filled by some very weird episodes! Yet you can find good story when you either suffer all these seasons through 5-9 or just directly skip to shows finale - The Truth. Two hour episode is an old good X Files thing and wrapped up the entire story pretty solid. So in overall - the show is very, very good but it struggles with consistency because of all these long 9 years... If you like X-Files the series, then of course you will enjoy the film. The Film is like a feature-length episode, which follows on after series 5 and answers some questions/ties up some loose ends. The film is part of the alien invasion arc within the series and sees Mulder and Scully fight to save their jobs and the X-files yet again. Yet again, also, one of them is in grave peril and the other must come to the rescue in the nick of time.<br/><br/>Tantalisingly, you see their relationship move on a little bit, and they are closer than they have been thus far in the series. The Smoking Man of course puts in an appearance, as does Skinner - backing them up again.<br/><br/>It's a good sci-fi film but it doesn't stand along as cinema as I doubt it would make a lot of sense without seeing the series first. Like the series, some of the leaps of deduction and chance ease of solution of problems are a little annoying but the SFX in this and the general cinematography of the film are good but there's a lot that is a bit ridiculous (alien visitation aside!) in terms of realistic survival chances etc. Tense and gripping, this is one of the most daring and dangerous adventures the X-Files due have encountered to date. It makes sense of Mulder's sister's abduction and pushes that arc forward a bit.<br/><br/>Definitely enjoyable but I think they had to stretch imagination and suspension of disbelief along with time in moving from a series episode to a feature length film and I think the storyline suffered a little on that account. Entertaining but frustrating and implausible too, in places. **Warning: Possible Spoilers** The X-files is am amazing series. Chris Carter is pure genius when it comes to writing. My only gripe was the last season. It was unnecessarily drug out. If David Duchovney was leaving in the eighth season they should have finished it then. Without Mulder, the show seemed a bit dry though you are intrigued by the story of Mulder and Scully's evolving romance. I love that the show centers around the government conspiracy. The wonderful thing is you cannot miss a show. If you going to follow the series you'd have to do just that. Even a "monster" show may have some info about the alien cover-up conspiracy. The only thing this series needs is a third movie about the alien invasion! And a matter of fact, the word "Fringe" is used blatantly in several 1st and 2nd season Eps - As if it were a prophecy that there was going to be a show called that, 16 years after the Pilot ep of The X Files.<br/><br/>And this show which preceded Fringe also broke all boundaries of Network TV and created new outer edges for shows all through the 90's - Affecting and Effecting changes to how we like our mysteries served up: IN the old says of Perry Mason, a conundrum was introduced in the Teaser and SOLVED within 60 minutes (Usually by Perry Mason himself - In one Classic Perry Mason episode, he does NOT solve it, just gets his client off the hook.) In those days there was very little carry over from one episode to the next, and so you could watch any Episode of Perry Mason from the 50's and 60's, enjoy it, and enjoy any other Ep, they were all little self-contained "mini-movies".<br/><br/>I guess the idea was to mix Soap Opera-Type Story Arcs with Mystery - This actually began with the "Luke and Laura" story arc of General Hospital from the late 70's and early 80's. I mean, back when GUYS started watching general hospital during their secretaries lunch breaks.<br/><br/>And so, we have Episodic TV, plus the long term Story Arc, and Chris Carter told this story as best he could and it lasted 9 Years. He squeezed out every last vestige of Story out of The X Files, he took it to plateaus we never knew existed. And to deep valleys where the seeds of story just sat and stewed and developed, but most of all, he taught us, the viewers, how to WAIT. Carter never could give us the easy, "Perry Mason" solutions, and it was in The X Files, and even within the first season, began solving one problem only to introduce a brand new problems, or, in this case, many new problems and they just branched out from there: The Alien DNA - Alien/Human Hybrids - The Shape Shifters - A "War" with Indomitable Forces (A Fringe word)- Tooms - The Fluke-Man - Cancer Man - Krycek - Intelligent, murderous AI - Hacking and Spying, and much much more, it was all there week after week, year after year for 9 whole years. And I myself enjoyed every single Episode.<br/><br/>Fox Mulder, since he was 9 years old, has been trying to find out what happened to his sister, Samantha. He Proves himself an able FBI Agent, helping to solve some difficult cases, and so the FBI gives him charge over his little corner of "The Basement" - The "X" Files - Cases that were never solved, and could not be classified.<br/><br/>If this sounds a lot like Fringe, you are correct, as Fringe could be a Homage Series, a continuation of The X Files, those are the cases that Mulder never got around to.<br/><br/>Which is why I respect this show and it's "Unofficial Successor" Fringe. But Chris Carter did it First, and did it Well. Fringe in it's first 4 seasons, is where The X Files were in it's original seasons - A relatively unknown Producer Chris Carter assembled a very talented and innovative Production Crew, and proved he could blow our minds week after week.<br/><br/>The Job now falls on JJ Abrams, Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, who are doing in the 2011's and 2012's what Chris Carter started in 1993. I've mentioned previously that my favourite thing to do is find out how these guys did certain shots and gags, and in the early 90's CGI was in it's Embryonic-y, not even it's Infancy... And so a lot of these things were pieced together using practical effects.<br/><br/>The X Files was simply the gateway to which we started enjoying our weekly impossibilities, and although a lot of people compare Fringe to The X Files, the shows each stand on their own feet - The X Files for what they've done before, Fringe for what WILL be done. But as I revisit the first 2 seasons of The X Files, I see now, that the shows are as different as Night and Day - And that I'm amazed how well the production is for The X Files, and why I was hooked on it during it's first-run. In 1993 when the show came out, I was only 5 years old. My first experience with this show was around the age of 10. Already then I knew this show was to become one of my favorites. At that time it seemed really scary and at the same time intriguing. Though I relied on subtitles to get the gist out of what was told I still fancied it.<br/><br/>As the years passed I did not pay much attention to the show, except I watched some late-night reruns on Norwegian television. However, in 2008 I decided to take up this series again; and boy was it good! The show has been one of the most enjoyable television experience in my life. I love the dialogues and chemistry between Mulder and Scully. Though the show has its ups and downs, I still rate this show a full 10/10. If you have yet to watch this show, my recommendation is that you hurry up and catch it as soon as possible. Though a bit late, I would like to thank the creators for 9 wonderful seasons. The X-Files is an incredible masterpiece in television creation! All the suspense and creativity dedicated to each episode is impressive. The series consists of nine seasons and two movies. The show has been running since the early 1993 and ended in 2003.<br/><br/>The story line is actually very simple. There are two FBI agents named Fox Mulder and Dana Scully working together to crack paranormal cases known as the "X-Files". Throughout the series there are very dramatic moments and episodes that connect to the agent's lives. Most of the time there are different cases in each episode. Examples of these cases include; a man who can squeeze through small spaces, a doll that makes people kill themselves, a secret chemical being used by the government on people, a mysterious inbreeding family, etc. <br/><br/>The X-Files is an Amazing show and definitely worth checking out by anyone, except maybe people who have a loose stomach. A little more than ten years ago, this show was very popular among my friends. I watched the occasional episode here and there, but started giving it a wide berth after turning off the TV midway through the infamous "Home". (It's one of my favourite episodes now, by the way.) <br/><br/>A little more than one year ago, this show crossed my path again. I was surprised to discover how fresh it felt, even with the odd hairstyle here and there in earlier seasons... and those glasses.<br/><br/>The premise is simple. Two FBI agents solve mysterious cases that often involve paranormal or extraterrestrial "foes". Agent Fox Mulder, the "believer", and Dana Scully, the "sceptic", do not always see eye to eye. As the series advances, they gradually discover a conspiracy and finally learn about an impending invasion of aliens. By the way, William B. Davis as THE villain excels from the minute he smokes his first Morley of many in the Pilot. The recurring cast is fleshed out diligently and with consistence.<br/><br/>The biggest forte of the X-Files is the chemistry between its leads. Until it eventually spins out of control into blandness as season 8 rolls around, Anderson and Duchovny are highly enjoyable to watch and make even weaker episodes entertaining - not that there are many of those. The writing is top-notch, so keep those seat belts at hand while you hover near the edge of your couch. The X-Files cases went in many different directions and seldom fail to entertain. The series has stories about albino humans gliding through the plumbing, ghosts, the Jersey Devil (no, not Gregory House), or demons, with a lot of humour thrown into the mix. At the same time, it never strays too far from reality. The aforementioned "Home" is one example of a case that could be happening in a place not too far away from you. When Dana Scully rattles down her scientific explanations, you should feel your spine tingling, because that monster of the week could be lurking in your sewers right now. <br/><br/>The moment the writers have persuaded you that they have really done their homework, however, plot holes and an increasing number of tinny episodes after the revelation of the conspiracy paint a different picture. Especially the mythological arc suffers from chronic under-planning disorder. Eventually, the show raises more questions than it could ever answer, only to discard those loose plot ends, while a much lighter tone takes over, sometimes straying into cheese. (Hollywood A.D. in season 7 is symptomatic of that development.) After several great seasons, the final tune falls flat. The last two episodes were painful to watch after so much promise; they felt reiterative and contrived. Still, it was nice to see a scene from the pilot used again in the very last minutes of the finale; the interaction between Mulder and Scully is, after all, the heart of the series. <br/><br/>Finally, the music is one more aspect to love. You'll find it hard to fast-forward the intro (I've only done it once). <br/><br/>If you have not watched X-Files yet, please do so.<br/><br/>Enjoy! I started watching The X-files when I was 8 years old. I remember that my uncle and brother used to watch it and it was aired after the 10 pm news every Friday, and I was really scared to watch this show at first. I remember the episode when Mulder was jumping off a bridge on a train!Gradually I became addicted to the show-I never missed it even if I had an exam on the next day and I cried when they showed Mulder has died and I was so disgusted at Doggett and Reyes!And when they brought Mulder back and he quit FBI,I was totally disappointed! I didn't like the ending either! The X files was a important part of my growing up and I still watch The X files on DVDs. And I believe Scully and Mulder are still the best couples on TV. The X-Files is the mother of all science fiction television series, setting the platinum standard for the sci-fi genre of the 21st century. After stating the obvious that Gillian and David are acting prodigies with extraordinary talent, I want to add that The Smoking Man role played by William B. Davis was a masterpiece of acting talent. The Smoking Man represented all that is human and vile in those lusting for power; and his gruesome destruction by the government that created him in the season 9 finale "The Truth" was a testament to the reality that "what goes around, comes around." (The nice grotesque touch was The Smoking Man appearing in that final episode with a breathing stoma (also called a tracheotomy or laryngectomy stoma), through which he smoked a cigarette by placing the unfiltered butt of the lit cigarette in the stoma hole and inhaling vigorously, which seemed especially to gross-out agent Scully.) Of course, the revelation of humanity's fate in the year 2012 was shocking, nightmarish and thought-provoking. The nine years of X-Files was like a symphony orchestra that starts gently and builds up to a crescendo with a grand finale that takes the audience's breath away. I recommend getting a Netflix subscription and streaming all seasons, in your spare time, to watch on the computer, an investment in time well worth it! The X-Files was definitely a driving force in terms of television throughout the 90's. I first got into the show late season 5 by buying early episodes back in the days of good ol' VHS tapes with two X-File episodes per tape.<br/><br/>The show had everything I liked, it was dark, it was creepy, it had paranormal stories, alien stories, good drama, and it didn't feel completely cheap or campy. I'm sure everyone knows the basic plot of the show, two FBI agents who investigate "X-Files," which are unsolved cases or cases just thrown aside as absurd by the Bureau. The show had some of the greatest imaginative episodes on TV, and for me at least, never got old or stale and always had me wanting more.<br/><br/>In addition to having great stories, it also had one of the greatest soundtracks in any form of visual media that I've seen. Mark Snow really makes a really moody and very atmospheric soundtrack. In itself contains all the mystery, darkness, beauty, and mystical elements seen in the show. The music really had a great feel to it, especially in some of the very early episodes.<br/><br/>*this is where the spoilers MAY start for some who have yet to see it*<br/><br/>It's sad that the last two seasons weren't that poplar, but I never understood the unpopularity of them. As I write this review, I am watching Season 8. I notice that the writing isn't any worse, the music isn't any worse, nor was the acting any worse. Was it because Mulder had a small part? Well, Scully was the central character of the series to begin with, even he search for Mulder somewhat mirrors that of Mulders search to his sister. Was THIS reason why people disliked it? Or was it the Super Soldier subplot? It still confuses me to this day.<br/><br/>*end small rant here and small spoilers here.*<br/><br/>Now days instead of me owning the VHS tapes with the random episodes per tape, I own the entire series on DVD, each being the individual collectors edition of each of the seasons (Meaning, the initial releases of each season and were purchased one season at a time), and I have both films (Yes, I DO know I'm able to just netflix it, but I bought them prior to being available from there). It's a series that will always be a favorite I started watching the X-Files when I was a kid and it was still on the air. I've always really enjoyed it. I remember looking up to Mulder and always thinking that he was so cool though I was always more sympathetic to the character of Scully. They were a really great team that complimented each other very well and they had great banter. And David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson had really great chemistry with each other. I also like the supporting characters of Skinner and The Lone Gunmen as well as The Smoking Man and Krycek as the villains.<br/><br/>It wasn't until recently when I began viewing it again that I watched the last few seasons of the show and saw how badly it ended. Aside from the fact that they let the overall mythology plot get somewhat out of hand with many plot lines with little resolution they also tried to replace the show's main characters with two new ones. The show's big appeal was the relationship between Mulder and Scully, trying to replace them was a bad idea. That's no dig against Robert Patrick and Annabeth Gish who are both good actors( Patrick especially) and I don't fault them for the bad material they were given. Still I would recommend skipping the last couple of seasons. So like I said in my summary: It was great when it was great but it ended poorly. Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are two experienced FBI agents who have chosen to be assigned to numerous unbelievable, unsolved cases within the archives of the FBI since its inception. These cases have all been filed at the bureau under the name or heading X-Files. Within these cases, as the pair of agents will discover, are so many extreme encounters with supernatural and other-worldly creatures and events that you will be sitting on the edge of your chair waiting to see if either one of the leading characters will survive! When it was first aired on the Fox network it was always put up against more established and stronger programming on the 3 other networks and had Fox not allowed it to develop an audience it would have never seen a second season. That is exactly what happened to other sci-fi series programs on the other 3 networks. "Invaders" on ABC was one and "V" on NBC were just two of a dozen that went away before they were developed fully. Had both stars of the X-files not desired to stop working I'm certain series creator Chris Carter could have continued developing more episodes for many more seasons on Fox. The X-Files was and will always be THE best show of the 90's. It was smart, creepy, funny, dramatic, scary: everything you could ever want in a TV show. Everything about it was well done, from the acting to the music score to the directing, to the script. The X-Files was created by some true masterminds. Every episode was scary in a not-over-the-top-way, which was amazing. It had just enough of a creepy 'vibe' to make you shiver. And each plot line had an unexpected twist, and the episodes always ended leaving you thinking "What if..." The was true magic of The X-Files. It was so thought provoking in a smart, fresh way, that you just had to love it. Few shows can do that to you. This show never gave you a straight-forward answer: you were left to decide for yourself. Many people recognize The X-Files simply as a 'sci-fi' show. It's not. It was always so much more than science fiction. It explored so many different aspects, that you can't really classify this show into one category. It was horror, it was drama, it was sci-fi, it was humour...and all perfectly balanced. The characters of Mulder and Scully were smart and believable. Even now, they've become iconic figures in pop culture...and with good reason. The skeptic and believer: again, perfectly balanced. Plus, there was always that "will-they-or-won't-they" tension between them, something David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson performed perfectly. Mulder and Scully, in my opinion, was the best portrayal of a relationship on TV. Nothing even comes close to that of their partnership, even now. There are no words to describe this show, because it was so much MORE than a show. The X-Files left behind a legacy that caught new viewers, including me. Unfortunately, I wasn't around when the show first aired, so I only discovered this show five years after it ended. But it was well worth buying all the DVDs just to experience the true magic of this show. There will never be another show like it. Not every show is perfect, but this was came as close as I've ever seen it. <br/><br/>A great, timeless cult classic. <br/><br/>9.5/10 I like most TV shows. My top two favorites are sitcoms, but my #3 is a little bit of a change. My third favorite show ever is The X-files, a genius show that pulled itself together for nine seasons. I'll agree that seasons 8 and 9 kind of blew. That reason being because of David Duchovney's (Fox Mulder) absence. I only liked one character after Mulder left, and that was Scully(Gillian Anderson). Gillian Anderson kept the show going. I was happy when they made the second film, I Want to Believe. Scully did shine in that film, but both Mulder and Scully are great characters, and it's hard picking which one I like more. I personally like Mulder, because he's been through a lot. The X-Files is one of those shows that fell apart after a main character left. Like Spin City, That 70's show, and others. I do give seasons 1-7 a ten though. The X-Files is one of the most brilliant shows ever made. It's Creepy and sometimes disturbing,and I prefer it over The Twilight Zone. Perhaps you may disagree, but The X-Files is a phenomenal show and I wish it would go on.<br/><br/>The Plot: Fox Mulder, a FBI agent working on cases for the paranormal and is searching for his long lost sister, and Dana Scully, an FBi agent who was sent to work with Mulder to watch him, solve many cases of the paranormal and try to prove the existence of Aliens. The X-files is still one of the best, if not THE best shows, that have been on TV. Not only because the excellent dynamic between Mulder and Scully (they are still one of the best "partner"-couples), but also because of the supporting cast. CSM: A father-son conflict. A mysterious evil enemy who also has good sides. the lone gunmen: 3 funny journalists that made it their mission to uncover the truth. Still a little upset that they had to die. Skinner: One of the greatest boss-figures ever. Even though Mulder left at the end, they managed to keep it thrilling. Although I would have preferred it if Mulder had been there all the time of course. I liked John Dogget and Monica Reyes, however their introduction seemed a little bit too forced.<br/><br/>Deep throat: Great character, wished they ad kept him longer. Mulders father, Mulders mother, Scullys father, Scullys mother, Well-manicured, man<br/><br/>All of the characters and storys were made exciting and kept you guessing till the end. I hope to see more of Mulder and Scully in future movies. I don't want to believe that "I want to believe" was the last movie about them. ;-) This long running FOX drama lasted nine seasons and focused on the exploits of FBI Agents Fox Mulder, Dana Scully, John Doggett and Monica Reyes and their investigations into the paranormal. From genetic mutants and killer insects to a global conspiracy concerning the colonisation of Earth by an alien species, this mind-boggling, humorous and occasionally frightening series created by Chris Carter has been one of the world's most popular sci-fi/drama shows since its humble beginnings in 1993.<br/><br/>The show's popularity peaked in the mid-to-late 1990s, leading to a first feature film in 1998, followed by a post-series sequel in 2008. In the last two seasons, Anderson became the star as Duchovny appeared rarely, and new central characters were introduced: FBI Agents John Doggett (Robert Patrick) and Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish). At the time of its final episode, The X-Files was the longest running sci-fi show ever on American television. The show was declared by TV Guide to be the second greatest cult television show (Star Trek being number one) and the 37th best television show of all time. In 2007, Time magazine included it on a list of the "100 Best TV Shows of All Time." In 2008, Entertainment Weekly named it the fourth best piece of science fiction media and the fourth best TV show in the last 25 years.<br/><br/>THIS IS A SHOW WHICH EVERYONE MUST SEE At least ONCE a true classic Well, what can I say... I've been watching this show from the very beginning. It was part of my life for long-long years... I can say I grew up on it, because it created an atmosphere that kept me interested for almost a decade... Hell, what can I say about a show that made the term "The Truth Is Out There" so popular I can use it in almost any language and people will understand what I mean??? Shows still try to copy the "X-Files formula" everywhere. The darkness, the interesting characters (thanks to all the great actors), the Mulderisms and Scullyisms, Mark Snow's amazing music, the "45-minute movie every week" episodes, the interesting ideas...<br/><br/>So what does the show mean to me? It's hard to say Something to watch over and over again every evening with the same enthusiasm a huge part of my childhood... a reason for people to come together and share their ideas... something to think, talk or argue about... It made some people creative and some others (self)destructive... People either love it or hate it... We fans still make collages, read and write FanFiction, open fan sites or discuss episodes and trivia... Some critics and scientists still argue and fight against it, because they don't understand that being the fan of this show doesn't necessarily mean we're accepting the show's idea of UFOs, mutants or government conspiracy... 3 years passed since it ended, but we are still here... fans and scientists alike... All in all I would consider X-Files the best show in TV history<br/><br/>What's the verdict? 2 seasons can't erase 7, but those 7 (and the movie) can make me forget the last 2. Considering how often I re-watch the old episodes I can still be considered a hard-core X-Phile and I don't think this would change in the near future... Since this is the case I'll happily give X-Files a 10 out of 10. The whole cast and crew deserves a great THANK YOU for the job they've done!!! The X-Files was an original, thought-provoking show that managed to grow from a cult favorite to an international phenomenon by two very important assets: terrific writing and an unmatched team made up of two polar opposites. This show proves that opposites do attract; together, Mulder and Scully are better than what they would have been alone. The plots simply back up this common theme, while also establishing what the X-Files were-scary, daring, unique. Intertwining mythology and stand-alones with the characters, The X-Files is an instant TV classic, sci-fi or not. Mythology set the stage for some great emotional episodes (i.e. "Memento Mori"). The stand-alones were individual brilliances. They strengthened the different beliefs of Mulder and Scully: Mulder was the first to believe in the supernatural, while Scully provided a more scientific explanation. And this is one of the achievements of the series: that despite their differences, Mulder and Scully trust each other without judgment. That's a joy of watching the entire show all the way through-we see the slow progression of the tight-knit relationship between Mulder and Scully. Immediately, there is a respect for each other, and as the series continues, that respect fades into an unbreakable trust. Their dynamic bond fuels the series, and supports the plots of the various episodes. And we see that they love each other-whether romantically or as great friends. Mulder and Scully sacrifice many things for each other: Mulder sacrifices his quest to save Scully, and Scully sacrifices a life away from work to help Mulder. Not only were Mulder and Scully fantastic, but we had the Cigarette Smoking Man, a multifaceted, mysterious villain; Skinner, the assistant director who shows his devotion to Mulder and Scully by risking his career and his life (the most underrated character in the series); and the Lone Gunmen, who were entertaining and helpful, more than anything. Watching Mulder and Scully mature and being tested both physically and emotionally is the real reason for watching. Most of the episodes were well-written; some classic stand-alones like "Ice," "Beyond the Sea," "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose," "Wetwired," "Small Potatoes," "Bad Blood," and "Triangle," all proved what the series was: versatile. It could one week make you laugh, thanks on part to David Duchovny's clever wit, and the next scare the pants off of you. The classic mythologies like "Duane Barry," "Anasazi," "Paper Clip," "Memento Mori," etc added layers to the series and provided excellently written emotional episodes for Mulder and Scully (i.e. "One Breath," and "Memento Mori"). These episodes were some of sci-fi television's finest-thrilling, chilling, and altogether cool. All in all, The X-Files was a landmark series in the science fiction genre, proving that you can combine mythology and stand-alones well and also providing a strong female character that continues to influence today's shows. X-Files inspired countless future shows, most notably Lost and Fringe. Mulder and Scully were fascinating, imperfect characters that made you root for them-for them to find the truth, and for them to remain the best of friends throughout all hardships. There will never be a show quite like X-Files ever again. What a show! I only ever started to religiously watch this show after its televised run came to a close, not by choice but due to the fact I had a bed time (yes I was a youngie!). I started to catch some of the later episodes (season 8+) when I was old enough to be able to stay up late for it, and found even those later episodes intriguing and exciting. Then when at work someone dropped in Season 1 to me as a present and I started watching right from the beginning and friggin heck was I hooked. Over the next few months I collected the complete 9 seasons and by the years end (if even that) I had watched the entire run. Since then I have watched the entire collection 3 times, and many of the episodes more than a dozen times. Its that good.<br/><br/>It comes down to a few simple reasons: 1. Its exciting! 2. You care about Mulder and Scully 3. The Mythology arc keeps you intrigued 4. The Stand-Alones are well polished mini-movies<br/><br/>Its got everything you come to expect from a good show, humor, romance, horror, action, intrigue, suspense, loss, faith and the list goes on. It revolutionised just how much is expected from a good show, and that television doesn't have to play second fiddle to cinema in terms of acting, story and scope. The X-Files made me a believer in how television isn't just something you tune into when having dinner, or trying to get to sleep, it really showed me that I don't have to leave my lounge to get a great cinematic experience. Like the original "Twilight Zone" and "LOST", I wish that the "X-Files" TV series could have continued on forever. Along with some of the great 1950s sci-fi classics and Stanley Kubrick's productions, these are among my favorite movies because they stay in the zone of plausibility while pushing the "envelope".<br/><br/>"Star Trek", "Star Wars" and other mutant alien sci-fi stories cross a boundary for me that is not really plausible and does not require as much attention to realistic details.<br/><br/>The only minor negative comment was the occasional use of plot ideas from early classic sci-fi (like "The Thing") instead of original ideas, and plugging in plot ideas from the CIA such as nearly crashing remote controlled aircraft into the World Trade Center in "X-Files", or the spin-off "Lone Gunmen".<br/><br/>I appreciate that the series did not glorify the FBI like a propaganda project, and took a look at the negative potential of secret government projects and operators. Another plus was the "Lone Gunmen" staff adding more personality and dimension occasionally. Mulder and Scully with the dark, film noir like atmosphere and their ability to react to situations as imperfect humans lets the audience feel they know and can identify with the characters.<br/><br/>The "X-Files" was an extraordinary accomplishment. I Grew up watching this show.... and this is not just any show it is a show which deals with Paranormal stuff,Government conspiracies, Aliens and all unsolved mysteries that still evades our Mind, No other show at present times comes even closer to this Classic The main Characters of the Show Mulder and Scully had a great Chemistry and i think they are the best on screen TV couple ever, they Gelled so easily ...they always had this sexual tensions between them which made this show whole lot worth watching !! The show was divided into two episodes The "Myth-arc" episodes which dealt with conspiracies and Aliens stuff and " MOTW " which introduced new creatures every weak...This show had world wide CULT following in fact the show was so popular they even made 2 films <br/><br/>I really miss this show very much and especially the characters Mulder and Scully who have become a special part of my life .. <br/><br/>This show is a Must if you haven't seen it !! you don't wanna miss out on a Classic show that once was seen by the whole world<br/><br/>As the famous Quate of this show states "The Truth Is Out There" there was a time when my only entertainment was watching the x files every Friday night(in Bangladesh they showed the x files on Friday). i was not a movie bug at that time unlike now a days. but still that series is as amazing to me as it were. this i can assert for no other movie or drama series. i have all the dvds up to season 7. i don't have season 8 and 9 because my idol Mulder is not in regular appearance in those seasons. i am quite a freak about the x files. i created a data base(my friends mock me about that) containing the names of the episodes that i have (total 167) and assigned grades on each of them according to my own judgement (from 1 to 10). i was amazed noticing that there was only two episodes per season that get point 2. i drew several curves(graphs) using that data and found clear signs of quality control in every season. it was evident from my investigation (!) that the x files were actually getting better day by day up to season 7. anything that gets better attracts witty people as well as normal multitude. that is why this series is called one of the greatest and most successful TV series in the history. i was very young when i watched the episodes, so my 'way of thinking' is still greatly influenced by the x files. in brief the x files is a sweet memory and a good friend still with me in my DVD rack. In the early '70s, here were many movies about distrust of the government. It took a while for this motif to reach TV, but when it finally did, they did it quite well. "The X Files" follows FBI Special Agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) as they investigate unexplainable phenomena. Mulder's sister mysteriously disappeared when he was young, and he has become convinced that there is a conspiracy at work. Scully, on the other hand, prefers to stick to scientific fact. Part of their job is having to try to make Mulder's conspiracy theories and Scully's science work together.<br/><br/>Among the other characters are the Cigarette Smoking Man (William B. Davis), who seems to be evil personified; the Lone Gunmen (Tom Braidwood, Bruce Harwood, Dean Haglund), three conspiracy theorists who seek to find the truth behind everything; and Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi), Mulder and Scully's boss who may know more than people realize.<br/><br/>What was always interesting to me about this show was how it incorporated historical events into its plot lines, and portrayed government cover-ups (considering that they work for the FBI, there's plenty about which to be suspicious). The Kennedy assassination occasionally comes up, but there's also Roswell.<br/><br/>Towards the end of the series, Mulder was mysteriously kidnapped, and Scully's superiors had to hire another special agent, John Doggett (Robert Patrick). He didn't really have Mulder's charisma, but the show never lost its timing. I liked every episode except the series finale. You should watch it. But mind you, "The X Files" might make you uncertain about whom you can trust. The X files was one of the best shows. When it started every story was nicely done. David Duchovny and Gillan Anderson proved they have great chemistry and work well together. The first eight seasons were really good. Season 9 however didn't do so good because of the absence of David Duchovny who many people thought would rejoin the show full time for the final season but chose to just give it up. The show did do a lot of the carees of David and Gillan. And Robert Patrick and Anebeth Gish were pretty good as Doggett and Reyes but they didn't have that feel that Mulder and Scully had. But in the end the show went down as a classic. I recommend the first eight seasons. 10/10 The X-files was a very good series that at first was nether boring. There hasn't been a good intelligent sci-fi series like this since well...the Twilight Zone in my opinion. But...it soon fade. It soon became explicit and lame. About the time at season 7, I started to not watch it anymore. It just lost it's edge and intrigue. It lost everything. And it soon got worst when David left the show. They had a really good run though. Seasons 1-5 were the best. They should have ended it there, and just start making movies. They shouldn't have kept going. But it's still good. Season 2, in my opinion, was the very best. It had a lot of stuff going on. If you're thinking about getting one of the x-files seasons, just get 1-5, don't even bother with the others. Warning: SPOILERS ahead.<br/><br/>"The X-Files" was my favourite show ever since it premiered in Germany as "Akte X" in 1994. <br/><br/>I was fascinated by its style, its sophistication, its storytelling, the lighting, the costumes, the atmosphere, the sets and the characters. I loved the idea of its mythology, the underlying theme that is spun forth by new information about the alien conspiracy, Mulder's abducted sister and the many pieces that were added over the years. It was interesting to see the story go on and on, answering some questions but simultaneously creating new ones. There were some great open-ended season finales like the one in which Mulder starts to wonder whether everything he believes in is one big lie and it is suggested that he commits suicide (4X24: "Gethsemane").<br/><br/>I was under the impression that the creators had a bigger master plan, a grand scheme in which everything would fit eventually in a big climax that would make the series a complete mythology in itself (like the Harry Potter series or the 176 episodes of Star Trek The Next Generation).<br/><br/>After the production moved from Vancouver to Los Angeles after its fifth season (and the movie) the show lost some of its atmosphere (probably also due to the different climatic conditions that made the show more "hollywoodesque"). The development of the main characters virtually stopped and at times seemed quite desperate. The writers obviously struggled with the task of keeping Mulder the believer and Scully the skeptic which lost its credibility over time. The idea to kill the Cigarette Smoking Man over and over only to make him appear yet again was tiresome at best.<br/><br/>This is one of the shows that ran at least two seasons too long.<br/><br/>Most story lines ended during the seventh season when it was not clear whether or not the show would be cancelled. After it was decided that the show would run two more seasons, new story lines had to be created that somehow seemed contrived and less believable. The good thing was that two new characters - Doggett and Reyes - were added that gave the show new momentum - and finally Scully turned into a believer.<br/><br/>But the greatest disappointment of all was the final episode (9X19: "The Truth") that showed that the writers didn't have a clue at all what they were doing. That it was only a lot of hot air and nothing more. So much potential was lost that it is disappointing to watch older episodes of the show now. Those episodes were extremely promising but the final episode does not keep them.<br/><br/>I expected a great bang at the end. Something extraordinary. Some new developments that bring the viewer back to older episodes as it was done in several season finales and make the viewer see those old episodes differently. Like that it was all a big lie after all (as suggested in "Gethsemane"). Or that Mulder is finally about to expose evidence of the alien conspiracy at a Senate's hearing only to be reminded in the last moment, that if he exposes the plot to colonise Earth he would only accelerate events and that he has to keep it quiet to be able to stop it eventually - therefore becoming an ally of those who always sought to keep the truth under wraps and learning that his efforts during the last nine years were in vain. Well, something like that perhaps. But nothing. The temptation to make another movie was too big obviously.<br/><br/>This series shaped the faces of drama series to come by bringing movie qualities to the small screen. For me ABC's "Alias" quotes "The X-Files" over and over and goes even beyond by making every single episode part of the mythology without any stand alone episodes whatsoever. First, let me say that I am a fan of 'The X-Files' I remember watching it on Friday nights and wondering why it was near the bottom of the rating pile the first season. But the show caught on and become the hit it deserved to be. David Duchnovny was the single-minded character who would take a backhoe to a desert to find the truth he so wanted to expose. Gillian Anderson was the 'smart is sexy' partner grounded in science almost to a fault. What made this show so wonderful is we saw the development of the characters and their relationship over the seasons: The resolution of Mulder's search for his sister, Scully's motherhood and the working relationship that became a friendship and then romance. Although I was not one for the when will they finally kiss' moment I enjoyed the banter between the two especially in War of the Coprophages.'  <br/><br/>Now for the bad part, the last couple of seasons were a miss and hit with mostly misses.  You could tell that Duchovny was at times walking through some episodes and was excess baggage at times. Scully after motherhood lost that tightly bound sexiness that made Scully. And there was no real development of Doggett and Reyes. I wish that Mulder and Scully had been written out of the series with a period (with room for more movies, of course) and the x-files taken over by Doggett and Reyes.<br/><br/>'The X-Files' is a great tv show with very good acting from Duchovny and Anderson.  Catch it in reruns especially the stand-alone episodes of the first few seasons. I am a huge mystery fan.  I must say that X-Files is not a bad show; however, I am into more realistic mysteries.  David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson are good in the show, but the episodes themselves are meant for mostly Sci-Fi and not to really try and figure out the puzzle.  I am not saying it is a bad show, I am saying that it is a great show; however, I am not into these kinds of shows.  But I think plot, characters and story-lines are fantastic. Never been a fan of the X-files. Seemed dull to me. But, when they canceled my favorite program, The Lone Gunmen, I watched the last 5 X-Files episodes. The only one I liked was the Brady Bunch episode. A classic. But, when they killed the Lone Gunmen, any desire to ever see another X-Files episode faded. The Lone Gunmen stood on its own two feet quite well. I will no longer watch a new series. I'll wait until the second season and play catch up. Whoa boy!  I remember posting another comment on this show back when I'd only seen about 20 episodes.  Now I've seen over half and am a certified X-Phile.  So let's try again.<br/><br/>Admittedly, storywise this show isn't that original.  Every episode is inspired by some movie, an old "Twilight Zone" episode, etc.  But that's not a problem when done right.  Some of the most cliched material ever ("Irresistible", for instance) is done well, and perhaps better than its inspiration, for great but generally not over-the-top acting, genuine creepiness, and excellent writing, direction, photography, and even psychological insight.<br/><br/>The show had many writers, some good (Vince Gilligan, who helped us sympathise with the monsters we were seing; Glen Morgan & James Wong; and, of course, the incomparable Darin Morgan), some bad (Jeffrey Bell's still answering for "Alpha"), some hit-and-miss (Carter himself has written some absolutely classics - "Anasazi"/"The Blessing Way"/"Paper Clip" - and arguably the worst episodes - "Fight Club", for one).  Even the bad episodes in general were better than most TV.<br/><br/>Now on to the acting and characters.  General consensus among the two leads' acting is fairly uniform.  Gillian Anderson is continually praised as a great, very layered actress (so I have little to add here), whereas David Duchovny is listed as humorous deadpan, but "wooden".  In fact both actors are of equal merit IMO.  Anyone who thinks Duchovny is wooden after seeing "Colony"/"Endgame", "Anasazi", "The Field Where I Died", "Paper Hearts", "Gethsemane", and "Closure" has no business in judging his acting abilities. Maybe if you've seen, say, "Schizogeny", "Fight Club", and "Chimera", then you could make that argument.  But anyone who's seen a goodly portion of his tenure as Mulder would have to agree that Duchovny has talent AND range.<br/><br/>The supporting characters are almost uniformly excellent.  My personal favorites are the Smoking Man, played by William B. Davis, a very cynical, duplictious, and perhaps evil man who nonetheless has a human side and is only doing what he feels is best.  Even in episodes where he has only brief cameos ("F. Emasculata", "731", most of the Season One episodes he's in), Davis shows his excellent ability to be able to chill our spines with just the click of a lighter.  Mitch Pileggi's Assistant Director Skinner is another great character, who is at first a hard-ass, by-the-book boss for M&S who may be working for the Smoking Man - but after "Paper Clip" ("This is where you pucker up and kiss my a**!"), he is clearly an ally of M&S. I never really cared for Nicholas Lea's Krycek, though I admit that the show did die with him, and he was a fun character.  John Neville, Don S. Williams, George Murdock, and John Moore do very good jobs as various associates of the Smoking Man, while Jerry Hardin, Steven Williams, and Laurie Holden all do great works as Syndicate informants for Mulder and Scully who of course also have a hidden agenda. A tougher part to judge is the show's "Jump the shark" moment.  Most hardcore fans point at any point from Season Five onward as when the show went rancid.  Season Five IMO is genius, so that's ruled out.  Another argument is made that the movie (and the move from Vancouver to Los Angeles) ruined the show.  Not true, as I find Season Six, in spite of Carter infuriating the bulk of us fans by killing off the Syndicate Elders, the best season ever.  Season Seven contains a hell of a lot of points where it could've ended - "Sein Und Zeit"/"Closure" (the end of the Samantha mytharc) and the excellent "Requiem" - but I will not even say then.  The show didn't descend into mediocre territory IMO until Season Seven, and even then there were still a good many classic eps.<br/><br/>Now, as for the last two seasons.  Personally, I think that Season Eight was better than Season Seven, and though the Mytharc really went to hell in this season, there were still a lot of excellent standalones ("Patience", "Via Negativa", "The Gift") to warrant staying on for another year. However, with the death of Krycek and the birth of Scully's baby in "Existance", I think the show should've ended. I EXTREMELY disliked William being a Christ-child.<br/><br/>As for Doggett and Reyes: they were two potentially interesting characters, played by exceptional performers whose work as a whole is excellent.  Now I like Doggett (Robert "Terminator 2" Patrick) a good bit, though his "I've seen a lot of homicides . . ." speechs in his earlier eps annoyed me a lot - but by "RoadRunners", he'd grown on me.  Now as for Reyes.  I think that Annabeth Gish ("Mystic Pizza", "Wyatt Earp", "Nixon", "Beautiful Girls") is a very talented actress who is ten times more attractive then Scully IMO (LET ME HAVE IT!), but she just never made Reyes click (though again I'm more inclined to blame the writers).  Though by Season Nine I could stand her, she was never as interesting as Mulder and Scully in their heyday.  I do appreciate the writers' attempts to develop a Reyes-Doggett romance and relationship, which works very well in eps like "Empedocles", "4-D", and especially "Audrey Pauley", but sadly Monica is never fully developed, and is unfortunately given some absolutely ridiculous and over-the-top dialogue in eps like "Nothing Important Happened Today" and "Hellbound".<br/><br/>Season Nine - I've seen about half of the season's eps, and more coming. Some good ("Audrey Pauley", "John Doe", "4-D"), some okay ("Daemonicus", "Hellbound"), and some eps scraping rock bottom ("Lord of the Flies", "Nothing Important Happened Today", "Provenance"/"Providence").  But nothing that the great episodes are made of.<br/><br/>Anyway, let's let this show R.I.P.  Hopefully Carter will make another movie, but at least we have the memories of eight great seasons to look back upon fondly.<br/><br/>Favorite episodes: Anasazi/The Blessing Way/Paper Clip, Triangle, Folie A Deux, Musings of a Cigarette-Smoking Man, Two Fathers/One Son, Colony/Endgame, Travelers, Irresistible, Soft Light, and Requiem (these always fluctuate).  Bottom five: Lord of the Flies, Chimera, all things (sorry GA, just disliked your ep), Fight Club, and Agua Mala. This show declined in a BIG way when they introduced SHAPE SHIFTING ALIEN HITMEN to the show. When X-Files introduced SHAPE SHIFTING ALIEN HITMEN into the mythology, the show went from a dark & mysterious-yet-plausible-government consipracy-type series to a semi-dark sci-fi adventure show.after the whole alien conspiracy thing got convuluted and anticlimatic i hardly ever watched it.it also lost its dark ambience like feel to it.so in the end i was just looking forward to the mythology mutant/monsters of the week episodes wich i thought was the main purpose of the x-file to begin with.another thing they didn't seem like they got anything accomplished in their cases and investigation.it seems like you wasted almost 9 years of your life watching a show that never got anything accomplished.but having said that this show was always interesting because.....well it was different from the other typical tv shows.thats why it will always stand out in tv time.even though it was hits and misses in the latter seasons. well,this is a good show in general,but episodes concerning paranormal activity in every season started to become less since season 7,boring episodes increased a great deal...sigh.<br/><br/>and i found sth strange.ever since the very beginning,whenever met an x file,mulder would always shoot his bizarre theory,then scully would disagree and try to explain in terms of science,then they would have a heated discussion over it.and mulder would always turn out to be right.so at the end of season 1,scully told mulder that she admitted that there were things that couldn't be explained by science,that she should trust his intinct when solving an x file.therefore i thought their arguments of this sort would be over or less in the following seasons,but it just remained the same and sometimes even more until mulder's departure.<br/><br/>what's more,scully's explaination in terms of science was kinda getting weirder as the show went on. e.g in an episode in season 7 which a bank robber's soul entered scully's ex-boyfriend's(also a cop) body,scully explained to mulder that the change of handwriting and of from right-handed to left-handed of her ex-boyfriend was due to work stress!!! wasn't that ridiculous? I think most fans will agree that X files should have at least stopped when it got to season 7 (David Duchovny's departure from the show). The best season I found for me was season 6 (apart from the silly mythology episode at the end- biogenesis). It had all the little gems the first season had and more. Season 8 I found appalling bad. Not only had Mulder left (that's what the show revolved round) but the character of Doggett (and Reyes later on). Both characters are expertly written but were introduced too late for me to feel anything towards. Plus they don't have the same bond as Mulder and Scully do.<br/><br/>I shouldn't slate the show too much. It did have a good seven seasons in it. It always had that sense of mystery about it and there was some fine acting from the leads and the extras. Just when you thought you were on the right track, you are swung in another direction leaving you at step one again. It also has some very tense moments in it. Squeeze and Tooms remains one of my favourite episodes. Just watching those episodes will tell you almost everything you need to know about the X files (apart from one certain Deep throat character). 7/9 seasons isn't too bad eh fellows? The truth maybe out there but I think you have exhausted all paranormal concepts. I have watched about 10 episodes of "X-Files", and although I did not find them bad, the show never really got me hooked. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny did a great job though, I think without them this show would not have lasted as long as it did. The production team also did a great job in keeping recurring characters, which gave the show some consistancy. My rating 6.5/10. Just saw the first seven seasons in a row... Interesting tv serie but it lacks some originality as it easy borrows material from films and series like 'V' (many aspects), Twilight Zone (quite some episodes), Twin Peaks (conspiracy, supernatural events, hidden agendas), James Bond (Q -> Lone Gunmen), Speed ('Drive'), Groundhog Day ('Monday') and others.<br/><br/>
The strength of the serie is in: - the good combination of proven successful stories and concepts (see above) - effective combination of one time stories and underlying, holistic episodes <br/><br/>Personally, I prefer the holistic episodes as they are more intriguing, complex and dynamic. <br/><br/>It is sad that the latter seasons are less exciting than the first seasons. It seems to me that everywhere I look, every X-File fan praises the first few seasons and completely bashes the remaining ones, mainly seasons 8 and 9...boy do they get it bad. But what exactly constitutes your opinion that the show went "bad"? The criticism began in season five and every season it seemed to grow and grow and now it seems everyone has labeled the last seasons as total crap. But why? The main argument is Mulder's absence from the show after season 7. This ticked many people off. I admit, I hated to see the guy go, but did anyone seem to even care that Scully was still on the show? It's like since Mulder was gone the show was ruined. Did anyone pick up over the years that the show has TWO main cast members, Mulder AND Scully? But no one seemed to care that she stuck with it. Another thing people complain about is the location move from Vancouver to L.A. Well most of the time the X-Files takes place indoors anyways, so why do you care? Plus, it's not that big a deal and the difference is little. As for the writing, that gets complaints, too. Personally I thought it hit ruts every now and then but certainly never deserved all the criticism it got. Look at an episode from season 1 and one from season 8 and you'll find the same structure and tone, and the characters are still perfectly drawn and have great dialogue. Is the fact that the show had to change the reason everyone got peeved? Well wake up and smell the coffee. Every show has to change. People got sick of not getting any answers from the mythology and when they ended it in season 6 people complained about that, too, so there's just no winning, is there? No show can run for 9 years and have a perfect record with the fans. Mulder left, sure, but Doggett was great and made up for it, Scully was still there, there were interesting new stories like Scully's pregnancy, and the show got a new feel, which is good because of the change. So get over it. Plus, the score got better, especially in the scenes with Scully and her baby...very moving. So stop complaining already, the show never was bad, most people just couldn't handle the fact that a show has to evolve and change. And as for the remarks that the series ran for too long: that just makes it better. It makes the journey the characters have more meaningful since we can look back on them over the years and they didn't rush it, which was good. The whole series is a journey of the characters. To make it good, you have to have a nice running time. If the series had only 4 seasons it would leave less an impact. Think about it. And when seasons 7, 8, and 9 get released on DVD, I'll be there to buy them, like anyone who is a true fan would. The X Files will live on as one of the greatest shows ever to grace television, but the final season and series finale were lackluster at best - Fox dragged this show even after the horse fell over dead and started rotting away...this season was full of bad plots and dull series finale preludes.  Speaking of the finale, what a empty piece of closure!  All that is revealed about the truth is (***SPOILER for those who havnt seen the finale already***) basically "oh we're doomed as a race after December 22nd, 2012.  Now lets cuddle Scully and hope we are saved by love!!!"  What a cop out.  The second X-Files movie (we all know there will be one) hopefully will give some better closure to such a great series. Starting off as a classic show in 1993, the mytharc developed great villains like The Cigarette Smoking Man, Alex Krycek, the Syndicate elders, etc.<br/><br/>Fox Mulder is helped along with various informants in the earlier seasons. Deep Throat is his first.  Mr. X becomes his second while the Well-Manicured Man occasionally gives Mulder information.  Marita then does it.<br/><br/>When all is said and done, the villains are gone.  The Smoking Man is presumed dead.  Krycek was shot in the head.  The Syndicate elders were burned to death by a different race of aliens.<br/><br/>7 Days to the finale upon my writing.  The truth is now. When the X-Files first aired, many people discarded it as another Twilight Zone ripoff to be viewed only by sci-fi nerds. I thought this too, but then I actually watched it. Not only did it intrigue me, it consumed me. I was only 11 at the time and at first it was simply my interest in the paranormal. But then it became a sort of ultra intelligent, sci-fi soap opera that I couldn't stop watching. The superior writing, directing, and acting were the anchors that kept the show successful for 9 years. At no point in the show's run did I think "Gee, they're really running out of ideas." And the feature film was an absolute treat for fans and non-fans alike. Chris Carter struck gold here, and not just because it's a sci-fi show. Each episode is a 60 minute movie, complete with dynamic character development and suspense. I've grown up with this show. I feel very much a part of the drama that Mulder and Scully have gone through, and I hope that, through reruns, generations to come will be able to experience the journey as I have. With DD now only agreeing to brief appearances I think it's time to maybe alter the title a bit to show the show is now going in a little different dirrection.Mulder added a personality to the show,and such a strong dynamic was established with Skully that can't be duplicated.Doggett and Reyes are fine,plus it's reported Lucy Lawless and Cary Elwes will join the 9th season,and a new feeling is apparent. GILLIAN ANDERSON does several episodes where she gets caught by the villian one is obsession the other is well, gosh there are so many. Some men find this alluring but after watching a few again is her acting good or is she drawing on something else? who knows. A great show in it's early seasons. The show well, isn't that bad. if carter was smart he'd draw on watergate era problems with john doggett, yet what would he or I know about that. Say..is jeewell starr group coming for me I mean cumming? I first started watching the X-Files during the 4th season. However, the first episode I ever saw "Die Hand Die Verletz" from season 2. I was an instant fan of the show after seeing it. So for about 4 years straight-I taped every episode, bought ever book, every poster, saw the movie 5 times in the theater, I have all the CDs....I was a super fan of the X-Files. I could name every episode within the first 5 seconds of the pre-credits sequence. However, I am no longer the fan that I was, and now with David leaving, I just can't watch X-Files anymore. To me, the show will always be Mulder and Scully....not Scully, Dogget, Rayes, and Skinner. The show doesn't need a task force! I feel like I'm watching Profiler! I think that season 8 should have been it's last. Even though seasons 6 through 8 weren't the greatest, The episodes "Arcadia", "The Gohsts who stole Christmas", "X-Cops", and "Triangle" are stndouts. But the best seasons will always be the first 5. I like movies about paranormal, mystic events and so on. So I thought I'd like X-Files and I watched it at first. But after a few episodes I couldn't understand, why is this show so popular? Both agents, Mulder and Scully were boring and static, they remind robots more than true people. Stories about all killers also weren't convincible, and the line "The truth is out there" most probably means, we'll never see the truth. So I don't watch X-Files anymore. Instead I can offer "PSI Factor" - it's characters are more convincible, stories are much better and there is no murders in necessary in every episode. This used to be the greatest show on television, with every episode worth catching. I was in front of my television each and every week ready for the next episode, eagerly anticipating the investigation of a supposed alien sighting or a strange mutated creature. The show had the power to capture your imagine, with intriguing stories and characters. Mulder and Scully were two of the best, most interesting characters on television. "Little Green Men" (the second season premiere) remains my #1 favorite episode. The early years grew better and better, but then what happened? The show has since become a bloated, decaying corpse of its former self, trying to stay afloat in a series of laughable episodes. The virtual reality video game episode is one of the worst episodes I've ever seen from any television series, but at least the COPS-crossover episode was an interesting experiment, making for the most fun episode since the show's glory days. But it's quite obvious the show has lost all the steam and creative power it once had. This past season we were introduced to Robert Patrick's character, a welcome addition that is ultimately to late to save this train wreck of a show. Gone are the interesting characters and interesting stories. If only the show could get back to the entertaining stories it used to do. I don't care about the Cigarette-Smoking Man or Krychek or all the internal conspiracies among the FBI. I just want the type of pure entertainment the show had when it first started. All that remains are two talented leading stars (Patrick and Gillian Anderson, David Duchovny having finally left; how wise of him) stuck in a terrible show, and composer Mark Snow's still-engaging musical scores. He's a great talent who needs more recognition and better material to compose for, and a soundtrack release of his work for the series would be fantastic. But other than that, the show is now a complete and utter mess, beyond all hope of survival. It's a shame my one-time favorite show has had to die such a slow, horrible, disgusting death. The X-Files single handedly defined cult TV of the 1990's, at it's peak it was the greatest show on television, bar none. The first two seasons set the tone, but the high points really had to be season 4 and 5, they contained magnificent episodes such as 'post modern prometheus' and 'the end' - the episode which led into the superb 1998 X-Files Movie. But as they say, great things don't last and The X-Files is no exception. The season that followed the movie (Season 6) was OK, but was missing something, it no longer had that appeal, the cliffhanger 'Biogenesis' however was still quite good. However, Season 7 was a huge disappointment and both the stars of the show seemed as though they had had enough.  In an ideal world I would have liked to see the series finish with Season 7, and then go straight into The X-Files Movie 2, but it was not to be. Reports on Season 8 don't seem to be that favourable, and with the shows star David Duchovny leaving for good after Season 8, and Gillian Anderson now taking a more background role, the show seems to have run its course....But Season 9 is all set to go, and it would seem that (without the shows two main characters) the once great TV event is now heading for obscurity. Please bring Mulder and Scully back for an X-Files movie sequel. I can't see how the series can now continue for a 9th year when the TV series' whole plot about a man searching for his missing sister and alien life when this character has left? When the X-files started I would not miss an episode. Originally attracted to it by Gillian Anderson, a high school friend, I was quickly caught by the uniqueness of this show. They writers always seem to come up with something fresh and original. I like the "shadowyness" of it you never really new the whole story. After a while though they seemed to be giving to much away and when the movie came out is about when I gave up on this show and I haven't seen an episode since. I expected "something great" from the movie, but it turned out to be no different than the episodes. I got the feeling the producers were saying "our show is so good, were going to make you pay $6.00 to see the last two episodes of the season." That attitude plus the change in filming locations changed the show for me and I lost interest. I'm sure the show still has it's fans, but I believe the first few seasons were the high point for this series. The X-Files was created from a synthesis of Twin Peaks and Silence of the Lambs with a little twist of The Twilight Zone and a dash of Kolchak: The Night Stalker(A really cheesy movie-turned-weekly drama series from the early 70s with a paranormal slant).<br/><br/>I was there at the beginning on September 10th, 1993. I actually stumbled onto the show by accident. I had seen a couple of promos for the show and it looked rather cheesy to me. Of course, this was around the time when Fox started up with all that alien autopsy and so-called reality bull***t and The X-Files, to me, fell into that category. So there I was flipping through the channels at a rapid pace on a Friday night(no I didn't have a life- then or now) and I stopped on Fox for a few seconds to see what cheesy thing they were doing and the next thing I know, it's an hour later and I'm completely hooked.<br/><br/>It was nice to see a show that covered a lot of subjects that had interested me for a long time: UFOs, cryptozoology, the occult, and paranormal phenomena. And it was interesting to see it from the viewpoint of a government worker who was being stonewalled by the very people he was working for. It was also nice to see a strong intelligent female hold her own against her male counterpart and yet remain feminine and vulnerable at the same time. However, the chemistry between the two lead characters was not- and could not be- the strength of the series. And neither could it be just the subject matter. What drives a show like this or any other- and keeps them going- is the writing: The dialog, the story, the characters, and the correct balance between all of these elements. Good writing is the bane of most TV shows and movies.<br/><br/>And the best writing on The X-Files was by the person who played the Flukeman in a second season episode(The Host), Darin Morgan. Darin was the brother of one of the show's better writers- Glen Morgan(who created The Lone Gunmen among other characters with his writing partner James Wong)- and he quickly proved that he was just as good a writer- if not better- than his brother.<br/><br/>His first episode was Humbug(second season) which has the distinction of containing the most bizarre bunch of characters you will ever see on TV outside of Twin Peaks. He then wrote 3 episodes for the third season: War of the Coprophages, Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose, and Jose Chung's From Outer Space. The latter of the three, in my opinion, is the single best X-Files episode ever done, hands down. And Peter Boyle as the title character in Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose is simply the best guest appearance ever(He won an Emmy for it, for chrissakes!). In fact, The X-Files has had a history of having the most delightful guest appearances this side of The Simpsons.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, for us and for the show, Darin has never written another X-Files episode(He did write one for another Chris Carter series, Millenium). I don't really know why he hasn't written anymore episodes(or anything else for that matter) because he was the best writer the show ever had. I like to think that Chris Carter and some of the other writers on the show felt threatened by his talent and were jealous of his success so they blackballed him. Think about it, Chris Carter created the show and never got any awards for HIS writing. If you think I'm crazy, ask any serious fan of the show what their 5 favorite episodes are and I guarantee that at least one of them was written by Darin Morgan.<br/><br/>Anyway, with that said, I believe that The X-Files reached its peak early in the fourth season and went downhill to stay after what I consider the last great episode- Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man.(Any writer who can make CSM a sympathetic character is a genius) It's not that the show became terrible and has been bad ever since, it's just that they have never even come close to the high level of quality achieved in the third season. There have been some really good episodes since then,(Rush, First Person Shooter, Small Potatoes, and Post Modern Prometheus) but there just haven't been any awesome episodes.<br/><br/>More than anything, though, the elements that turned me off were the banality of the neverending mythology arc(Just how long is this stupid game of cover-up and conspiracy going to last? Enough already. It has become tiresome) and Scully's insistent and consistent unwillingness to accept that a lot of the stuff she had seen and experienced could not be explained scientifically and never will be.(Come on now, Scully. You have seen things that would make a grown man cry)<br/><br/>Scully has been attacked by a man-bat, a guy who ate human livers and could crawl through a 1 foot wide vent, a sentient computer, and an alien bounty hunter. She's seen spirits, ghosts, apparitions, and monsters. She's been kidnapped or held hostage more times than anyone can remember. And yet, through all this she remains steadfastly assured that everything fits into some nice, neat scientifically-plausible category. Doh!<br/><br/>When it's all said and done, this show may not be one of the best ever, but at least it was willing to do things and cover subjects that most shows wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole(anyone remember the episode, Home?). And it had a lot of good episodes and great guest appearances. That gets a vote in my book. The X Files has been a great long running series. The quality of the episodes are variable and go from the sublime to the ridiculous.There is a recurring story of aliens planning to take over Earth which has developed over the years. There is not a weird situation that Scully and Mulder have not dealt with and the overall standard of writing has held up well over the years. Two questions bug me.Firstly,what do Scully and Mulder do on their days-off? Also,if Fox Mulder has caused the Smoking Man so much trouble why does Smoker not simply shoot Mulder dead? He certainly has had plenty of opportunity with all their meetings in dark car lots. The X-Files is a difficult show to quantify, because it crosses so many genres: sci-fi, horror, suspense, conspiracy, comedy, drama.  But it does this so well and so seemlessly that one cannot but stop and admire the craftsmanship.  I have been a loyal and dedicated fan of the show for awhile, it has become more of a habit than an obsession, but I never miss it.  <br/><br/>The show has developed and evolved and changed itself numerous times since it began and I just can't help but be impressed by it effectiveness.  I don't think I can really recall a bad show, some I liked more than others, but I don't actually remember being disappointed by any of them.  Some (like 'Home') are truly disturbing, some are funny, some are suspenseful, but all are entertaining.  <br/><br/>This show naturally owes much of its success to forerunners such as Kolchak: Nightstalker and Twin Peaks, but X-Files somehow transcends them.  Even though Nightstalker and Twin Peaks were obviously superior shows with a much higher artistic vision, X-Files has succeeded.  <br/><br/>Now I am not one to put much stock into ratings and profits, but there is something about this show that has allowed it to maintain consistently high standards and still have a popular appeal.  This, to me, is perfect television, as it fulfills both of the necessities of success.  I am not claiming that it is high art, but it certainly maintains a certain integrity that I respect and is consistently entertaining.  <br/><br/>The X-Files is, quite simply, among the best things that TV has ever produced. The best word to describe the series as a whole is inconsistent. Some episodes are masterpieces (this season's two hour episode in which Mulder finds out what happened to his sister ranks up with the best of any show ever broadcast on TV), while others are utter jokes (such as the episode where COPS and The X-Files were combined). There is rarely an episode that can be explained as 'average', they are either excellent are horrible. For the purposes of this review, I will rank the series based on the better installments.<br/><br/>	The writing is normally spectacular. Even after watching your first episode you feel as if you've known the two leads (Mulder and Scully- played by David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson) your whole life, never has a TV show done that. Most episodes feature a compelling and original story dealing with the supernatural, something that is both realistic and intriguing, the former a quality very hard to achieve with the theme that the series has.<br/><br/>	The actual plot is quite simple. FBI agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully were assigned to investigate supernatural incidents that take place unexpectantly and frequently. Their work is known as the X-Files, and is to be kept confidential at all times. They have come in contact with aliens, vampires, even a mutated raven-woman.<br/><br/>	The series was created back in 1993 by Chris Carter, who was also responsible for the less successful 'Millennium' (which, in one terrific episode was combined into 'The X-Files'), and 'Harsh Realm'. The original idea for 'The X-Files' was excellent, and somehow the show has stayed fresh and original after seven years, while other shows like 'The Practice' and 'Ally McBeal' have turned sharply downhill after only a season or two.<br/><br/>	If you haven't seen a complete episode of the show, it may be a little late to get into it now, as it might be ending after the current season, but you can still enjoy it in syndication, and there are rumors of a movie franchise (one has already been made, 1998's mediocre 'X-Files: Fight the Future'). If the show doesn't end, David Duchovny has confirmed that he is leaving, which wouldn't be (and wasn't) a problem in a series like 'ER' but is in this show, considering the entire series revolves around his character.<br/><br/>3.5/10 - 9.5/10 (range) I've been watching this show since season three and I've alway loved it. The characters are interesting and well-acted.  The stories are well-written and always intriguing.  It's simply one of the best shows on TV.  However, last season, I was really starting to worry.  The episodes were going down hill... they even fell into the realm of trite a couple times last year, somewhere I can honestly say the show has almost never been (discounting the killer kitty episode of course).  I'm happy to notice the X-Files is back and in fighting trim this season.  The writing is of the caliber one would expect from an Emmy contender and on par with seasons prior to the sixth. I'm just sorry it's Duchovny's last year.  The show will die without him. This episode (DPO) is stunning. From start to end Giovanni Ribisi (look him up on the imdb, his credits are many) gives an amazingly scary performance as Darren, a disturbed teenager with the ability to control lightning. I actually saw this episode before I saw Giovanni in Friends as Phoebe's younger brother, Frank Jr. Had I seen him as Frank Jr before I saw this episode I might have thought of him differently. The X-Files is a fantastic series, and this is one fantastic episode. (as suggested in the title this review does contain spoilers ) Although continuity has been a recurring problem for Chris Carter and company, the simple joys of watching, rewinding, and re-watching the hallway scene in The X-Files:Fight the Future, excuse the likelihood of it all being forgotton by next week's episode.  After five long agonizing years, Mulder and Scully finally... no wait, that doesn't happen.  Fight the Future, a two hour, dish out eight dollars to see it in an overcrowded auditorium (more commonly known as a theatre) episode of the X-Files was meant for the big screen.  Primitive and noticibly unexperinced in the art of feature film-making, this movie still gives die-hard fans what they want most, MULDER AND SCULLY ROMANCE.  From the hidden  "I love you" (last scene where Mulder and Scully are on the ice) to searching high and low, near and far (literally) to save the damsel in distress (of course we all know that Scully would have done the same for Mulder), ten-thirteen productions not only completes the grand feat of taking a small screen show to the big screen, but takes a science-fiction show into the the deepest realms of a chick-flick all without a single kiss.  Well done boys and girls! For visual film and basic movie: two and a half stars, for what it does to the show as a whole: Four stars. The X-Files has got to be the only above average show on television.  The first five seasons of the show were terrific.  It is however saddening that the show story quality has taken a step down.  Episode six while containing many good stories are plagued with undeniable of silliness. Each story is simply too farfetched to be enjoyable. We have seen all of series creator Chris Carter's filmmaking tricks that now it is starting to look cliched. As much as I credit this show as the reason I own a TV set, the time is now to bring this memorable saga to a close. At least we would have some really good X-Files movie sequels to look forward to. Fox Mulder in episode "Quagmire". That's the big question. I think Scully is infatuated with Mulder ever since the "Steven Spielberg" line in the pilot episode, and Mulder at least wants to impress her from the very beginning. It's one of the greatest relationships of two people ever shown, but you know that all from the previous reviews.<br/><br/>The first episode I ever saw was "Chinga" from the 5th season, I guess what actually drew me in was the Simpsons episode with Scully and Mulder, and since then I've seen at least 80 of 117 episodes that have already been shown here in Germany. And I'm completely devoted to it. The conspiracy as the heart piece of the series is the greatest puzzle I ever tried to solve with my mind, and no single episode which reveals more about it and about the TRUTH can be bad. Among the others there are a few bad episodes, "3" being the worst (it felt like cheap soft sex stuff like the series David Duchovny used to be in, cut to a PG-13 rating), and the dozens of good, great and compelling ones cover a wide diverse range of funny, scary, spooky, ironic, enjoyable and disturbing episodes.<br/><br/>Sometimes I get tired of that Hollywood movie stuff, then I'm tempted to think that the small screen is the better one when I think of the "X-Files". The quality of the series is really tremendous and proves every "nah, that's just TV" theory wrong for me.<br/><br/>Few episodes feature well-known actors like Kurtwood Smith, Veronica Cartwright, CCH Pounder, Anne De Salvo or Cliff DeYoung, which is often a joy, but all in all the X-Files doesn't need any stars. To the contrary, the X-Files didn't use stars, it made big stars out of no-names David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, and also the names of Mitch Pileggi, William B. Davis, Steven Williams and so forth became known.<br/><br/>Gillian Anderson does great acting as Scully, and David Duchovny also is the only one I could ever imagine as Mulder. He is a very interesting character, and you could likely call him crazy, but somehow he is cool in everything he does. Scully's character has more facets than Mulder's, she's one tough lady when she goes into action on her own, like at the ends of episodes "Leonard Betts" or "Colony", and she's very convincing when it comes to her emotional life which she'd rather try to hide.<br/><br/>Other favorite characters of mine are Cancer Man, the villain played by Bill Davis, who is said to believe that he was the hero of the series. And truly from Season 3 on his character is more and more developed and made human for the show, immortal for its fans. Then the incomparable Marita Covarrubias, the young Samantha Mulder (now that Vanessa Morley is already 15 I guess we won't get to see her anymore), A.D. Skinnner (because under his strict, mean, hot-tempered surface he really is a nice guy with the most human frailties) and the extremely underrated character of Mulder's mother Tena, funny and emotional in every scene she appears.<br/><br/>There is so much crap on television, but this is all you need: A "family" of people to care for, a spider-web of stories, a could-be-true fairy tale of unknown powers, a gem and a classic.<br/><br/>PS: Mulder indubitably DID sing the Shaft theme !!! I really liked the X Files when I started watching it (midway through the third season) and I've since watched most of the episodes I missed, but the more I watch it the more I get frustrated by repetition and a sense that the characters aren't going anywhere.  All the dramatic events seem to add up to putting everybody right where they started.<br/><br/>Now, these are the kinds of problems I would only have with a show that I really like otherwise and thus watch a lot, but they're still problems.<br/><br/>X Files did bring cinematic qualities to television that hadn't been there before, but I don't think that it has redefined television.  I'll always think of Twin Peaks as the first really good supernatural thriller on television.  I don't think that X Files is a rip-off of Twin Peaks, I just think that its not as different from everything before it as Twin Peaks was.<br/><br/>On the other hand, the Mulder/Scully relationship is simply great and is one of the things that keeps me coming back.  I just wish that they had something new to say to one another every now and then. "Scully, how can you not accept the fact that..." "Mulder, how can you turn you back on your life's work..." Many of your comments are right on target -- recycled plot lines and devices, etc.  But when was that new with t.v.?  And to anyone who complains about "implausibility," I ask -- have you watched the most popular shows on t.v., namely sitcoms and Ally McBeal? Gimme a break.  These shows recycle ideas and stock characters and fill the air with moronic dialogue with greater intensity and rapidity than a horde of blood-thirsty mosquitoes landing on an exposed arm.<br/><br/>The X Files' strength is its characters that have been nurtured for 5 seasons now.  Continuity exists, references to previous experiences (i.e. episodes) are made and in context.  You get to know the characters through their interaction and their responses to the conditions they are put in.<br/><br/>Yeah, often the plots are flimsy or tied up too quickly or are predictable -- but that complaint generally comes from people over 21 who have watched other shows and movies, and read books from which the writers borrow liberally. The main viewing audience is much younger -- they are experiencing many of these concepts for the first time.  They are actually witnessing relationships among adults where sexual tension may exist without sex, disagreements occur but respect, sacrifice, devotion to a cause (even if misguided) and loyalty to people still mean something.<br/><br/>By the way, in the latest episode, Mulder takes Scully to hit some baseballs -- outside on a real ballfield -- maybe they will learn to integrate more life into their lives.