Think the World Will be a better place if most People would watch this show. I think we can all admit that it's hard to create a show that stands out, As we are at a time where television is at it's pinnacle point. So when I started this show I was expecting a mildly entertaining series. What I got, is, a show that is real. So much so, that it brought tears to my eyes. That should tell you all you need to know about this beautiful tale about life. The story revolves around a few characters that seem to be unrelated. Just like the facts that were stated in the beginning of the show. However they have more in common than you realize. What sets this show apart from most, isn't the ending, But the journey you take in-between. As someone who's seen many new shows this year, both comedy and drama, I can say with absolute certainty, this is the most memorable. Not only because of it's outstanding story telling but because of it's cast, who bring life to the story. This is one of my favorite shows, but the writers really do a disservice to Kate's character. We're in season 4 now and every storyline of Kate's -at all ages- is about her weight. We get it: she's overweight and has struggled with it her whole life, but come on. Show her taking classes, show her hobbies, whatever. Give the woman some new content to work with. So, this will be my first official review on IMBD. I believe it's warranted because I have absolutely fallen in love with this show. The writing, the characters, the emotion..everything just feels on par and real. I'm really not much of a TV watcher. This show though, and specifically the relationship between Jack and Kate, reminds me so much of my own relationship and it's just a reminder of how much I love and appreciate the amazing man that I have. This show will make you feel things. I really can't say it any better than that. Leave all of your politics and judgement at the door, and give this a chance. Let me just begin(or geek out XD) by saying this show is absolutely phenomenal, for someone who can tolerate intense drama or maybe everyone. Even if you don't have a taste for drama and you start watching this show I think you'll love it.
All the small moments leading up to the big ones are just timed to well, at the end of the day when I'm tired,instead of watching those sitcoms with the same stories I just watch this show to be amazed,
By the warmth of the characters, their acting and of course their timing everything just so damn perfect.
It's really amazed me that even after 3 seasons the flashbacks and the story that's going on in the present just make so much more sense.
You know in other shows it's usually the finale in which I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed and shocked,but "This is US" damn it every episode, I feel so shocked, amazed, and excited at the same time. To be able to maintain this for almost every episode is just fantabulous (*inserts more made up words).
The amount of issues this show deals with is also quite vast and honestly surprising at the same time because it's so darn good.
If any one of you is reading this review do know I've seen shows from Sherlock,BB,GOT to Stranger things and Sex Education, but this my God, it's just so amazing!
The reason I didn't give a 10 is partly because I wanted to give 9.5 and it doesn't allow me to.
The only thing that sometimes I wonder about is, the only possible"discomfort" that the critique in me could find in this is that sometimes they do not give us adequate time to deal with the sudden buildup bursting withing seconds, what I mean is, sometimes their buildup is so devastating that when it comes to rest we need a minute to react and the next second the scene has completely changed.
All things aside, I'd recommend you to watch the pilot at least and then you'll understand what I mean ;) SPOILER ALERT<br/><br/>First I am a hard person to fool. The Village. Figured it out. Many others. The Sixth Sense and Fight club got me and that's why I love them. I love to be taken down a path and then realize everything wasn't as it seems.<br/><br/>When the fireman lit the cigarette I realized it was 1980. But I still didn't get that those three would be raised together until the nursery with the knit onesies. I'm good at this stuff and the acting and characters blew me away that I wasn't looking for it. <br/><br/>Best Pilot ever. IMHO.<br/><br/>Then I thought. Well they can't do that every episode because if you are looking for twists you find them. If I was told there was a twist at the end, I would have figured it out (everyone's birthday on the same day, etc). But the fact one was black and the other two were twins threw me. PLUS the fact one was "Ryan Gosling" body and the other was overweight threw me that they were twins. Both played on stereotypes which I Loved they made us look into ourselves a little.<br/><br/>So where does the show go from here? It has a great premise. Dual time lines. You can do a lot with that. Have stories play out with flashbacks to tell a larger story (ala Lost). The casting was nailed with exceptional talent. I was interested in every character. They even nailed it by casting Simon and Simon vet Gerald McRaney. He was the glue that MADE that story line click. He speech on the chair was Emmy worthy. I hope he is a regular cast member and explore his wife's death and the death of his one child.<br/><br/>I'm hooked for at least season one. No need for twists. The dual time lines and great characters is enough for me. They can bounce all around in the 80s when the "triplets" are 4 or 10 or 15. triple time lines or more. Milo and Mandy can be made to look older and cast kids to play the parts at different ages. So much room to explore. I predict a good 4-7 year run. All too often one ends up writing a review about a show that is less than amazing, often out of frustration, annoyance or plain old bored at yet another half as*ed attempt to get viewers to tune in with little effort on plot, dialogue or acting.<br/><br/>I'm so pleased to say, this show is the opposite of it all, it is a delight to have found amongst the tedious modern take on entertainment.<br/><br/>The tale is one of life, of seemingly unrelated people who share something in common, well that is the opener, the twist reveals itself blatantly at the end of episode one, and I didn't see it coming, so far episodes 2 and 3 have not delivered quite that surprise, but what they do deliver is excellence in acting, excellence in storytelling, and a compelling narrative and the continued potential for greatness.<br/><br/>The characters are increasingly well developed with main and side stories in abundance, it has so far kept me interested and perhaps most importantly for a show, invested in who these characters are, and the journey they are on.<br/><br/>There is something spine tingly about the show, as others have stated it can be an emotional journey, with moments of humour and moments of laughter and joy. <br/><br/>It is merely 3 episodes in, but I am hoping we continue to explore the stories being told here, that the cast continues to deliver compelling acting and that the script writers take us on a human journey with all the typical highs and lows that involves. I am looking forward to more, much much more.<br/><br/>If you hadn't noticed, I'm impressed by the acting cred of these people, with a couple of exceptions these actors aren't one's I've seen before, but they are doing an awesome job here.<br/><br/>So for a change, i'm so please to commend this show to others, to say it needs to be watched with patience, with curiosity and and open mind and heart. STOP EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING AND GO WATCH THIS SHOW. <br/><br/>Beautiful, Simple and heart warming, this show is one emotional roller-coaster. I've been awed, shocked and surprised, crying and smiling to myself. Loving it.<br/><br/>One of the best pilots i've seen in a while, giving me the best quote, "There's no lemon so sour that you can't make something resembling lemonade." it's simply amazing. It's very rare to feel amazed and fall in love with the show just by watching it's pilot, this is one of them. Two episodes down so far and it has given two amazing and shocking ends, and i just can't wait how it will turn out. <br/><br/>Trust me, Go watch it and you will not regret it. :) I don't write many reviews I'm often tempted but don't get round to it. It might be because most of the time when i'm tempted it's because a series or a films is really really bad, so instead I decided to spend my time tying to find something that's good to watch. Now, I have only watched the first episode and normally I would want to watch a few more before making my mind up but I the case of "This is us" I feel compelled to comment on the pilot episode.<br/><br/>I LOVED IT ! It was wonderfully written, cleverly written, well acted with a good cast. I felt for the main character, they werre interesting and I want to know what happens to them. I was going to go into details about the main characters but I don't wont to spoil anything for you, all I will say is watch the pilot episode I will add that this is not the type of programme I tend to watch "family's struggling in the modern world" the "ups and downs of life" but after one episode I cant recommend this series enough I just hope it continues in the same manner. Wow, what a come back for TV Drama. This is a multi layered, moving and totally relate-able show and so so entertaining. I am already so invested and have only watched two episodes. The leading cast are amazing with some of my all time favorites (looking at you Milo) and supporting cast seem more than adequate to keep up. The writers have their finger to pulse of what is really important to people today and throughout all of time... LOVE. It ticks so many boxes for me. I have been waiting for a show that I can safely watch with kids in the room, without soft porn, violence, bad language, and in general inappropriate story lines. This incredible show proves to be not too soppy, funny enough to break tension, loads of character diversity, Mandy Moore, I mean so many more reasons to fall in love with "This Is Us". That is all. Peace out This is a very inventive story line so I won't refer to it, except to say that both the first and second episodes have real surprises. Avoid reading any reviews with spoilers. It will dampen your joy as you figure things out.<br/><br/>The acting is excellent and the script is well written. This looks like a comedy but in fact it has some profoundly dramatic moments. I want to single out some of the actors who were terrific â€“ Milo Ventimiglia (played Rocky Jr), Mandy Moore ("Tangled"), Ron Cephas Jones, Sterling K. Brown (Chris Darden in "OJ") and Susan Kelechi Watson ("Louie"). Gerald McRaney does a cameo in Episode 1 which may be some of his best work ever.<br/><br/>The disadvantage of a TV series like this is that it requires the audience to participate and fill in the gaps. Many people will not understand what's happening, so this is the type of series that is best viewed twice, or however long it takes you to get it. Well I did It!My first review.And i am glad that this is my first review.Because....<br/><br/>After i watched the pilot episode i thought of only one word...PERFECT.The show caught my attention from the very first frame.I really enjoyed all the emotions,love,family...And the second episode topped the first episode by a mile.The way the past explains the present makes up a really satisfying watch in the second episode.<br/><br/>I am eager to know how the stories move forward and i hope that the show maintains the standard that it set forth from the very first episode. I loved the first season, I liked the second one, and I am waiting for something to happen on the third one... so far, I am not getting any of the wow and emotional moments I used to enjoy! In this 3rd season, This is Us feels mores like emotional pornography. It's emotional manipulation to force you into a state of tears, laughter, whatever it needs at that moment. All art is emotional manipulation really, but the best art hides its motives. This is Us wears it like a badge of honor. This show is the best thing ever! On top of my list.
Other TV series don't even compare...
I was laughing and crying in almost every episode so far..
Story is amazing and cast is right on point!
ðŸ’œ <ul><li>a portrait of life</li><li>every character is unique in their own ways. Every character has their own beauty.</li><li>there are a lot of plot twists, which are unexpected</li><li>this makes me feel human life resembles each other, being happy and sorrowful is a part of life.</li><li>yet I feel family values are a bit exaggerated, and sisters and brothers love here are quite overwhelming. There are a lot of coincidences in the series and this made it unbelievable.</li></ul> I enjoyed the first season. It was heartfelt and warm. Had some humor despite the tragedy. My initial rating was a 9.
The second season started to get a little tiresome with everybody's egocentric angst. Still, maybe a 7 or 8.
I quit early in season 3. The perennial pity party just overwhelmed me. No more than a 5.
Peace, out.<br/><br/>Addendum: The way I rate shows...
I don't usually review anything less than a 7 because 6 would be a failing grade and I won't waste my time watching it. I'm old; I don't know how much time I've got left. Since I probably turned it off before getting even halfway through, it wouldn't be fair to rate or review it.
7 is watchable but I may go a while between episodes since, though somewhat entertaining, there are other shows more interesting or compelling.
8 would be a regular in my lineup.
9 is a must see and probably bingeable.
10 is just the epitome of superbity and headed for my all-time favorites list.
I'm adding this to my reviews because it seems there are a lot of binary reactions to pretty much everything these days. I am not a like/unlike kind of guy. I see a lot of grays so if I give something a 10 it doesn't mean the only alternative is a 1. A great show with no supernatural events, no one with special powers, not about politics, medicine or any thing more than LIFE. I have not seen a quality show like this one where all characters are important to the plot. Everything in this show happens for a reason and is explained, if not in the same episode in a different one. The detail of the show is incredible and the characters are ones you get to know like friends. Everyone has their own problems and issues, just like we all have in life. This is just my opinion and you don't have to agree with it but with all the negativity out there it is refreshing to see a nicely written show like this one. I just finished watching the entire season and I am stunned. This series is so effective and emotional yet extremely original. You will fall in love with each character as they are all completely different. I can't help but feel empathy for all of the major characters. You learn about their flaws but also the attributes that make them so unique and crucial to the show. <br/><br/>The plot of this show is like none I've seen before and the pilot episode will have you hooked for the rest of the season. It has moments where you just want to ball up and cry but it also shows you the importance of family. It makes you want to call up your loved ones just to remind them how much you love them because life is so short. Apart from it being an intense emotional roller-coaster, the series a must-watch for anyone of any age. It was love at first sight with the pilot (okay, it may sound like a clichÃ© but I'll leave it anyway) and that infatuation was not just one night stand. I am only two-thirds through it but I put all my trust in this show for several reasons. <br/><br/>First of all, the story is an excellently matched time travel collage which adds new pieces to the puzzle in moments when you are both caught off-guard but also feel that it was just the right time. Secondly, thanks to the excellent work the actors have done, it is a multidimensional live family photo which looks both romantically heartwarming and chillingly realistic. <br/><br/>My last reason is thoroughly personal. Like in every happy love relationship I have the feeling that "This Is Us" makes me a better person. Not only because I can learn how to make my own amends (when I hurt the people I love or avoid instead of face and deal with sensitive issues), but because in each of the characters I recognize the perfect imperfections that make us humans. <br/><br/>It will make you smile, it will make you cry, it will make you forgive (yourself included). To give away any spoilers to anyone who has not yet seen the first episode would be criminal. The final few minutes of the episode are spectacular, so be sure to watch it in its entirety...and I don't mean, "watch it in the background while you do chores or play with your smartphone," I mean, "watch it without any distractions, and pay attention."<br/><br/>All I want to say is congratulations and thank you to Dan Fogelman ("Crazy Stupid Love," "Tangled," and so many more) for giving us the best new show of the season. Sure, it's a little over-the-top sappy, but it just works. It totally works. The entire cast is a set of talented actors whose characters are extremely likable, whether or not entirely relatable.<br/><br/>"This Is Us" is set as a series recording on my DVR -- I plan on watching every episode, and expect to enjoy each one. This one's a gem. The first 5 episodes were amazing, brilliant, emotional, pure find any word that defines perfection out there I'll take it. But after that it really started to go down hill : The plots were not as interesting and were spinning around in circles. The drama started to feel like damn soap operas. Some episodes it really felt like they ran out of ideas and you'd only see basically 2 or 4 actors during the entire 45 min. It was painful and during an episode in season 2 I fell alseep. The acting is ok (The actor who plays Jake is definitely the best one). What started off as a 10/10 show is now headed towards a 2/10. I even managed to watch some episodes of season 3, and it was a bad idea to keep it going because the rating is gonna drop a lot. They should have stopped at season 2 heck season 1. Disappointed, my mom and I really enjoyed it. If you liked The Blind Spot you are going to like this. Predictable, manipulative, melodramatic and as dull as it can get. In various promotion interviews they've bragged that the success of the show comes from how real and relateable it is. That makes me want to laugh out loud. I've rarely seen a show that was more phony and inauthentic. It's an easy trick that writers use when they are lazy, but want to come off as being "real": put in some deaths, broken families, a fat girl struggling with her weight, and you won't have to make an effort to create good plot and character development. People will just eat it up. So really, the success of this show comes from the fact that people like to be fed corny crap with no substance. Nothing wrong with that, but personally I've found that even a marvel superhero movie have truer dialogue and more relateable characters than this. Also, I might not have been so aggressively against this show it if hadn't been hyped up and overrated to this extreme point. 8.9?? Are you kidding me? "This Is US" is by far the best new series on network TV as NBC has found a family drama that's a winner as this is filled with emotion and drama love, loss, regret, and search for happiness. This series is told a lot thru flashback to show how it made the present anyway it involves a couple Jack(Milo Ventimiglia)and Rebecca(Mandy Moore)who have triplets all on the same day with only two of them to survive and that's Kevin(Justin Hartley)and Kate(Chrissy Metz)who then become a sibling to the adopted son Randall(Sterling Brown). Now all of the kids are grown searching and trying to find their own way of life as Kevin is a want to be actor and Kate is an overweight mess and unhappy yet, she starts a "Mike and Molly" type relationship with Toby(Chris Sullivan). Now with Randall(Sterling Brown) he's successful and he finally finds his real life father who's dying with terminal cancer and this brings plenty of drama and conflict with his hard loving wife(Susan Kelechi Watson)as she feels Randall has to much of a big heart. Thru it all this family shares emotion and love thru the struggles of life and time as the viewer can see it's all connected to the bonding they had at birth and the flashbacks show how the trio was molded by Jack and Rebecca. Really this series is warm and touching it shows how change and life develops and it proves that love and connections last. Really, who cares? Drones on and on with twee guitar twanging in the background to further emphasise the never ending succession of big, bigger and biggerer emotional moments. Nothing much, full of clichés, boring and very predictable, Americans manage to see themselves in this series, because they think that everyone has the same kind of life as them, without surprises and always the same. This soapy soap opera was assembled using rusty spare parts from a fictional family constructor kit. The days of Leave It to Beaver and A Family affirm are long gone and totally forgotten. Identity politics where all of us not only play well with each other, but also live with each other in blissful harmony and diversity, now rules the day. This show "lied to me" in terms of providing an honest product about honest and real people. Overly emotional vomit. Daytime soap operas are less overly dramatic. Honestly, I find The Big Three to be not all that likeable. The constant bickering season after season wears me out more than entertains me. This last season I was thoroughly invested in Jack's Vietnam storyline, as I always find myself way more interested in the flashbacks than I am in their current lives. After the Vietnam storyline wrapped up my interest started to wane.<br/><br/>You have Kevin hitting the bottle again and conflicts in his new relationship. You have Kate, who of course can't give birth to a healthy baby cause there has to be drama there. You have Randall and Beth who are at each other's throats over stupid stuff because the both of them are over the top about everything. They fight about not working and staying home with the kids, but yet they both do want they want and neglect the kids even more than they did when they were working high salary jobs-complaints about how the other is selfish when really they both are. And tell me how in the heck they can still afford that big ole house and 3 kids when they are earning a fraction of what they earned at their former jobs, not to mention both being unemployed for awhile. Please!<br/><br/>Jack's story seems pretty well wrapped up to me. I've watched his romance throughout the years with Rebecca, his abusive childhood scenes, seen his infamous death, watched him and his brother's relationship fall apart in Vietnam. That sums it up, now I'm over this show. I've never written a review on anything. Not a toaster I bought and especially not a TV show. But I felt the urgent need to write this, maybe reach the production teams, to tell them that their show is just the best thing I have ever seen. And give them a respond actually that their show means something, actually means a lot....<br/><br/>The struggle is real. this common phrase is perfect for this show, though in its true words meaning. Life is a beautiful messy struggle and this show captures it more honest and authentic than I have ever seen on TV or in theater, and that (I know this sounds stupid) means something, since I have seen a lot. In my experience this show is authentic and it touches you and it makes you laugh.<br/><br/>The characters are some complex and well developed and the actors play them so well, you can see their feelings in their faces and their body language. The flashbacks or rather the storyline which explains episode after episode how they got to where they are, why they are who they are - its a smart thoughtful and endearing setup. Jacks love for Rebecca and his kids is visible not just through is behavior, which is so well written though, but in the actors facial expressions. The true, common hardships they have to endure, and the love they have for each other its not dramatic or superficial. Its not a quick adrenaline, dopamine rush you get by watching this show, its something way more. Kates experience that another person is not gonna be fill the void, that its not just about her body but her "mind" or "soul" that needs to be mended, that was just ... it was so so heartbreaking beautiful to watch her discover and take this important step.<br/><br/>I could go on and on about every single character and how truly great they perform. Or about the beautiful well written script or the down to earth, authentic way and the detailed merging concept. Thank you for making such a great show, I deeply hope you won't stop soon The "Pilot" episode follows several story lines including pretty boy actor Kevin (Justin Hartley) looking for something more substantial in his career and life, Chrissy Metz as his sister Kate who is struggling with her weight and looking for love, young couple Rebecca and Jack (Mandy Moore and Milo Ventimiglia) who are expecting triplets and Randall (Sterling K Brown), a successful business man looking for his biological father who abandoned him as a newborn.<br/><br/>Performances all around were solid, especially from Hartley and Brown and a guest appearance from TV vet Gerald McRaney. The writing of this episode was so cohesive with everything and everyone connecting in some way, and the unexpected twist towards the end of the episode is brilliant and pretty mind-blowing. I will definitely be keeping a close eye to this series. Hopefully the strong viewership the Pilot got will continue to keep this series alive. I guess America needed a series where the producers and directors spoon feed them a heavy dose of predictable, childish, and completely overwrought melodrama every week. The only thing surprising about this series is how obvious everything everyone says and does is. The fat triplet - everything is about her weight which I guess gives her the right to be a total bitch to everyone. The actor triplet - immature, self-centered, narcissistic, everything is about him, which apparently gives him the right to be a complete bastard to everyone. The black triplet - angry, lacking self-confidence, defensive to a fault - which makes it OK for him to ruin everyone Else's life. Nothing interesting here except that every week, the show runners attempts at bringing on the tears becomes even more palpable. There is no way this whining time-jumping cistern of pablum can maintain these ratings for long. I can't understand why this show has a 9 rate on 10 WHY???
It started ok but quickly i realized that nothing really happens. No real drama , this is boring and cheesy : Sterling k brown is gettiing on my nerves : fake smile , bad overacting , ( i thought he couldn t act worse than he did in " army wives" but he did.... Justin hartley s character is only based on his looks as a consequence , whatever he does , it seems artificial...plus his acting is poor...
Milo Ventimiglia is trying his best .
This show should have been called : this is Cheesy and boring 
I think there must have been a lot of money spent on it because it is unexpainably OVERRATED!! This is garbage, this is a joke, this is boring ... this is us This show is damn beautiful, sad, dramatic, funny, heartwarming, etc ! it makes me cry every single episode. i love the whole cast but of course jack (milo) jus steals all of our hearts. i recommend this show to all, it's beautifully done and i can't get enough of it This show isn't terrible and it has some interesting moments, but I'm finding the characters, yes the same ones everyone else is in love with, to be fairly hard to like.<br/><br/>Jack is probably the best of the bunch but he is too perfect to believe. What man has a tire blow out and smiles about it? Rebecca favors one child over the others to an abusive degree. Her son Kevin begs her for attention and she can't even be bothered to go to a single one of his shows, or learn the name of the play he's in. That's just cruel. She suddenly cuts of her parents forever, instead of trying to talk out her problems with them.<br/><br/>Kate sits in weight loss meetings and belittles the concerns of the other dieters. She can't bring herself to smile or nod at strangers who pour out their hearts to her, in fact, she maintains a stone faced disregard of others most of the time.<br/><br/>Kevin is horrible to his brother when he's a teen and not much better later. He's needlessly rude to his step-father.<br/><br/>Randall makes snap judgments about his bio father and his adopted mother without giving them a chance to explain themselves. He has never ever watched his brother's TV show. When his mother drops in on the way to the theater, he says, sarcastically, "Thanks for not calling first."<br/><br/>Miguel is insensitive to things like the family traditions, but everyone is equally insensitive to Miguel and treat him like a pushy, interloper even though he's been married to Rebecca for years.<br/><br/>I can't care about people this insular and self-centered . Kate: we get it, she's overweight and has little else going for her apart from obsessing over her twin brother & Toby and being nasty to her skinny mom.<br/><br/>Kevin: all the guy's got is good looks and a career which is quickly fading because he can't act (both on the show and in real life...sorry Justin Hartley but what the heck is your story?<br/><br/>Randall: that fake smirk and incessantly annoying cheery optimism makes him out to be more of a psychopath than anything else...no one is that happy and positive all the time.<br/><br/>Jack: Milo is the only decent actor on the show but boy has his sappy, charming husband/father storyline been played out.<br/><br/>Rebecca: enough with the scowling!<br/><br/>Beth: too steely and unlikeable. Her entire family life seems like a front which I feel is all down to her lack of chemistry with her co-stars.<br/><br/>All in all this show started out great but quickly fizzled out for lack of material. Enough with the melodrama and constant fishing for tear-jerking moments...write a real story! The pilot was absolutely brilliant. Four characters at pivot points in their life, and it felt satisfyingly concluded by the end of the episode when they all decided to change. Sometimes you don't need to show the complete follow-through. To me, the most important thing happened in the first episode. Everything genuine happened there. It all feels so stretched now. I'll grant that on occasion, a good and genuine moment happens, but they have become few and far between, not even every episode. I'm on the sixth episode, and I think it'll be my final one. I'm straining to care about most of the characters, and the only one I do genuinely care about is William, and I don't think it a stretch to believe he won't live out the season, maybe not even the next few episodes, given how his character was established. I enjoy sappiness, I really do, but I enjoy it only when it can be genuine. Preposterous set-up, (so what's new? that has never stopped network TV before). The real downer is that the show doesn't use the set-up to generate tension or dramatize conflict. Everybody is so perfect and always has exactly the right, politically correct and "supportive" response. Every time a dramatic impulse threatens to intrude, the show squelches it.<br/><br/>Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) is a very good-looking, devoted husband; he is even still sexually attracted to his wife in her last stage of pregnancy. He is every woman's dream, and that is the point: he is a fantasy, not a real man. Ditto the doctor. A slightly different fantasy, he is a good-looking (but not TOO good-looking), neatly dressed, authoritative older man; he knows EXACTLY the right words to soothe a mother's anxieties.<br/><br/>Kevin (Justin Hartley) is introduced in a nude photo of him holding a baby, symbolizing that he is outwardly a grown man, but inside he is still a child. We first see him in bed, undressed, while at the foot stand two fully dressed women, signifying that they are in control. Obviously, Kevin's story will be a one of those fantasy "Bachelor" contests, revolving around which woman can maneuver him into committing himself. <br/><br/>Kevin's career change happens so abruptly, that it clearly has nothing to do with his character, and everything to do with getting him into the right plot line.<br/><br/>I confess that I ended up fast-forwarded through the last part of Randall (Sterling K Brown's) story. Everything about his first meeting with his father was so pat and undramatic, that I couldn't help it. How convenient that his father has kicked his habit and become so NICE! It's really too, too white-bread.<br/><br/>Kate (Chrissy Metz's) problem is the opposite of Kevin's. She represents another fantasy: finding a mate even when your competitive beauty-power is severely compromised. Not to worry, though; her personality shines through, and her target is smitten, no problem. (And if Kate thinks that weight loss is a matter of will-power. . is she on the wrong path!.)<br/><br/>A text-book example of one-dimensionally relationships, Kevin and Kate display not a single sign that one may be at once envious and resentful of the other for perfect looks (or lack thereof), nor anger on the other's part at how well s/he can or can't play along and fit society's expectations. Instead, all that is buried. Believe me, that is not in the slightest a realistic relationship between twins.<br/><br/>The audience can therefore look forward to a lot of unmotivated emotionalizing and "relationship building exercises." Count me out. Boring is not a strong enough word for this show. I have not intentionally watched this show but my wife has had it on because she too is indoctrinated by the driest program I have ever seen. It is drier and more dull than thanksgiving turkey. I don't see what the appeal to this show is, I'm not apposed to drama. It's not a thrilling neck breaker they adopted a black baby the night that their third triplet died upon birth. The show jumps around with no sort of creative cohesiveness at all. The two biological kids look absolutely nothing alike. I guess I'm not suppose to get this. Not everything is for everyone but good Christ these stories are so boring. How is this nominated for an Emmy? This is the most predictable unintelligent story I have ever seen. The acting is terrible. The show is cheesy and sappy. The worst television show I have seen in years. From the guy who made Crazy Stupid Love. Well this show is stupid so I guess he is good at making a stupid show popular. Absolutely phenomenal. Grab your tissues. It has been a long since there has been a show this good. They are family, they are friends, they are us. This is us. I rarely write reviews, and I actually rarely watch American TV as I usually find it boring and unoriginal; when we first started watching this, I didn't love it and thought it was just the usual stuff, so lost interest. I recently got a free trial month of HULU and decided to give it another try - and lo and behold, I am now completely drawn in!! The most amazing thing about this show for me is the acting and the chemistry between the actors - they really did a stellar job casting this!! There really isn't any character that I dislike (if I had to pick my least favourite, I'd say it was probably Randall. And the whole Deja storyline, I thought that was a bit overdone). My favourite has to be Mandy Moore - that is one talented lady, and I especially love how soulful her facial expressions are!! My favourite storyline is her and Jack - those two are absolutely wonderful together and it is such a great and at the same time heartbreaking love story! And the way they interact with their children is just so wonderful - makes me wish I had had a childhood like that!! It's inspiring and a really good watch!! A lot of people come from dysfunctional families and bad parents. Because of this, many do not adjust to the trials and tribulations of life. They don't learn to not be guided or swayed by emotion and impulse, which is subject to changed moods. They don't know how to learn from mistakes. If something works out in their lives, it is despite circumstances. They are fragile emotionally and can't stand the idea of compromise or delayed gratification. Many have addictive personalities and mood swings.<br/><br/>This is a series made for such people. It features good well meaning dysfunctional people like them, who, like them, make bad choices. Sadly, this can come to the luck of the draw.<br/><br/>The parents lose one of the triplets. They adopt (NOT LEGALLY) a black newborn. (Because of this, the mother won't let the biological father enter the boy's life, for fear that he will want his kid back. Of course when the truth comes out, the kid - now 36- will not even listen to the mother. In fact his bio dad seems to come ahead of his real one.) The father pushes his wife into the illegal adoption. Luckily she learns to love the kid, and neglects his brother. Much later their marriage dissolves because they have a minor argument, insult each other, and neither is willing to be peacemaker. No one in their right mind lets a marriage end this way. A later reversal does not change the nature of their irrational first impulse.<br/><br/>Every person wants things their own way. Kate's boyfriend is ready to leave because she won't share painful experiences with him. Her pain matters not a whit to him. Each person can't seem to handle any crisis without calling on the others to be with them. Love is grand, but what about self reliance. During the new season, Randall on impulse (naturally) wants to adopt a kid, because he was adopted. His wife doesn't tell him right away how she feels. He confesses that he is a perfectionist with low self esteem. Despite that, he continues to bull his way. The wife, Beth, despite being a strong woman comes off as weak so that an emotional scene can play out.<br/><br/>Throughout this series you will find your emotions manipulated for cheap affect.<br/><br/>Pity the person who wants to draw life lessons from this mess. For those who are well adjusted and mature, this is anathema. None of these characters is smart, mature or really decent.<br/><br/>You may want to watch this to see how the dysfunctional side lives. I'll stick with Bonanza,and Father Knows Best. At first It was great. But it's extremely depressing to watch. For me at least. I lost my dad suddenly and I never thought that my life is ruined because of it. It's life. Most of people with similar experience "made lemonade out of the lemon " but this show shows you how to create a volcano out of it! I started to feel if i was "heartless " cause I didn't let my father's death turned me into anything dramatic. And like "Jack" , i was growing up listening to family members and his friends talked of him as if he was perfect or God like. But i just grew up. Normal life with somewhat ups and downs and wished l had a dad to lean on to. But so what, i knew I wasn't the only person that lost a father while young. But this show almost made me want to punch each of the characters in the face and scream! Get over yourself! How pathetic are you lot! If my father was like Jack! He would be rolling in his grave knowing his love and effort had gone in vain that his kids stuck in the past for 19 odd years! Shame on you lot! Waste of All of his wise advice and love. Obviously none was taken in and you lot were not worth it of such a great father's sacrifice! I knew the twist in the storyline before I began the first episode. I have no idea how they will continue with this gimmick ;but I barely made it through the first episode. All the emotions and story lines are are perfect " Hollywood Fake". This show is cloyingly sentimental and predictable. The opening shots of the the woman battling her weight were clichéd and downright stupid. The post it notes in her refrigerator were ridiculous and not funny or touching. Not one thing in this show feels authentic. Really,I can't say enough negative about this show. The forced writing and syrupy acting make this show totally unwatchable. Just when I thought we had something great here in Season 3, the producers of this show have pushed too far. I love these characters so I have tolerated the constant P.C. being thrown at me but enough already. There is nothing believable about a small group of people having THIS MANY leftist attributes. No way. Waiting now for a trans-gender interracial couple to adopt a troubled vegan lesbian minority teen from a sanctuary city. Just stop. If unadulterated, absolutely mind-numbingly clichéd schmaltz is your thing, then this is for you. If, on the other hand, you have a few brain cells that actually require a little more than being fed aforementioned pap, it is not. Seriously, do not bother.<br/><br/>I persevered right to the end of Episode 17 then simply could not watch any more. In retrospect, it would have been quite entertaining to watch this with a like-minded friend so we could howl abuse at this lazily produced/directed, overrated production. <br/><br/>Even some good performances from the cast couldn't save it, for me - the African-American family were particularly good at their craft, but even they were not able to rise above the cheese. Actually, that's not a bad metaphor. :) The whole show is a messy pizza, with a decent crust trying desperately to get out above the cheese and a mishmash of toppings; it fails, miserably.<br/><br/>And as for Toby and Kate - how cringe-worthy and UNLIKELY is their story? I am obese, and comfortable enough in my own skin, but I do not want to see the unfortunate, poorly-scripted antics of a couple of fatties. The whole topic of obesity is dealt with in (what comes to be) the expected shallow way, and I just wanted to climb inside my TV and HIT Toby, in particular.<br/><br/>Ugh. What a waste of several perfectly good hours of my life. How is this a 8.9, this is a disgrace to the English language. I wish I could give this show less than 1, I am only 17 and yet I can recognise every cliché in this atrocity and I haven't even fulfilled a tertiary education. <br/><br/>This is the downfall of humanity, the fact that shows like this have had regular consistency in TV. This show doesn't even try to be original, whenever I try to explain the plot to one of my friends they CRINGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This show is one big synthetic commercial manipulating people with cheap cliché see through emo moments. Very unreal..with some slight touches of reality here and there. Too many synthetic 'moments' with almost constant emo background music to feed the incitement hungry brain of the generic viewer for fake 'reality' . The makers con them.. but the watchers let themselves be conned willingly just to feel something. Just to freakin feel something.
From one forced 'moment' to another clichématic moment. There is absolutely no natural, realistic flow. Very inauthentic and the comments about this show kinda scare the crap out of me. How robotic the world has become with mimicked emotions, soundbites, quick fastfood feelings, quotes and hunger for more thrills, stimulants..to feed that dopamine hungry brain that is way to used to formulaic filled stimulants. Hyperreality.
WAKE UP! Very surprised at the high ratings. The whole thing is PC cliche land. The only bits I find funny are those which I'm pretty sure aren't meant to be. Every bloke runs around the women like a load of politically correct lettuces. The greatest achievement is how they've managed to give fat, young, old, black, male, female, gay, straight etc all the same amount of air time. I was hooked from the 1st minute of this show. The acting is stellar and Gerald McCraney was impeccable. When he was sitting in the chair next to Jack telling how he lost his first child, i could not hold back the tears... it was beautiful and touching. The best part for me was the ending. I just LOVED how they went back to the 70's (hence the smoking in the hospital and the outfits) to show where the 3 grown adults ( Kate, Kevin & Randall)are in life and to then disclose that they are all related (Kate and Kevin I knew) but Randall being adopted by the parents to make it the three they vowed to bring home, was amazing! I cannot wait for Episode 2 :) And god knows I gave it a fair shot. Several times. But it's just too artificial and boring. All the clichés ooze from it. From the PCness to the made up emotions, telling you when and how to feel, like we were some kinds of robots. It completely left me cold, I could never get into one single episode. It's a real slow burn, a snoozefest if you prefer. Really chatty too, way too chatty. True, the acting is good, but the characters have such cardboard personalities, you really don't care. And the saddest thing is, no amount of characters development can change that. Granted the music is good, but just download the soundtrack. The hype is just ridiculous and symptomatic to our 21st century, where people love everything comforting them in everything that don't shake their beliefs. even if some of it are lies people tell themselves. Thank you, but no thank you. From the first episode I loved it, funny, quirky, intelligent & a bit different. The rest of Season 1 continued to maintain this high standard. However as the series went on it became more & more schmaltzy & by the end I disliked virtually all of the main characters. It was constant wailing & moaning, overly sentimental and with very little light relief. My wife & I trudged through to the end of the series & both agreed it was a chore. The first few episodes are binge-worthy. The acting is also much better than most dramas out there right now. However, every single character is unbearably annoying. They all have so many flaws that make it so hard to empathize with. After season two I just couldn't watch it anymore. Watched a couple of episodes, but won't watch any more. The one episode I watched was the flashback one with the husband dying from the fire in the house. He dies at the hospital from exposure to the smoke. That was realistic. What was not realistic was him saving the dog just minutes after escaping from the flames and having to jump off the roof. Sorry, not realistic and dumb. My wife's favorite, but not my cup of tea. I was told recently by my father in law that I "have no heart" because I don't like this show. Irritating that disagreeing with him on liking a TV show indicates a personality flaw. But anyway...<br/><br/>I watched the first 3 episodes because my wife and daughter (and lots of ladies at work) love this show. LOVE IT.<br/><br/>I don't get it. Slow builds can work well - Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul are good examples. But this shows doles out 1 minute of slight interest for every 30 minutes of running time. Nothing ever happens. It perpetually spoon feeds you nothing of consequence or interest. I guessed the time-jumping twist before it was revealed. This show is too in-love with itself. Loves its soundtrack too much. It's not as artful as it thinks it is.<br/><br/>I just don't like the characters. Mandy Moore is presented as perfect in every way, and we have yet another father who drinks and doesn't handle his business. Why is the woman always the saint and the father bad? The actor son is repugnant and unlikable. The fat daughter's entire personality is based around her being fat. Not having any other qualities - she's define by being overweight. So is her lame BF. And the black son is meh. He reconciles with his dad. Meh.<br/><br/>I just don't want to know these characters to a greater degree. And I especially don't want another ABC glacial pace "mystery" drama that spoon feeds a frustrating lack of detail from episode to episode. Feels more like a chore than entertainment to watch this.<br/><br/>Skip it. 100 other things on TV to delight the senses over This Is Us. I am usually a committed viewer, meaning I stick to a show till the last episode just to show my respect to the creators. But the season 3 of "this is us" pushes me too hard. I gave up. Seasons one and two are soapy, but in a innocent and tolerable way. Season 3 is something different. Kind of binge-watched season 1, and I am hoping some things change going into season 2. On one hand, I enjoyed following the ongoing stories of the triplets and their parents, on the other, the characters that are likeable have diminished to about 3. The only characters that are not self-centered jerks are triplet Randall, his wife and triplet Kevin. Kate, the 3rd triplet is a completely self-centered drama queen who makes everything about herself, including a funeral she attends, making a small scene and ending up having the actual grieving person comforting HER. She is condescending, nasty and sarcastic to pretty much everyone she comes across and elicits no sympathy from me. And we never really see her eating the enormous amount of food it takes to keep up her weight, which has to be minimum 300 lbs. Her boyfriend is also on the condescending side to people. Jack, the triplets' father is supposed to come across as this blindly in love man who is forever romancing his petulant and never-satisfied wife, while in actuality is a drunken hot head who jumps to conclusions and does really stupid things. Plus, the actor is too short for the role, with his wife being taller than him. The triplets' mother is never happy and can't accept that being a band singer isn't realistic when you have three children. I'm hoping the next season improves on those few characters, because the rest of the cast and storyline are pretty good. I am now three seasons into the popular show, "This is Us" and I have determined that this family is the most egotistical self centered family I have ever seen on TV. They are professional gas lighters. Egomaniacs are not normal and they are abusive, this show tries to normalize raging a$$holes and abusive behavior. Okay - what am I missing? I noticed a Tweet from the wonderful (and underrated) Janet Montgomery, saying that she's in episode four of this series, so I thought it must be British. But no, it's American. So I thought I'd better catch up with previous episodes via All4 streaming. I also read a review online - from the Evening Standard, I think - which said I should have tissues handy. I may be a grown man but I have been known to sob out loud at certain scenes in movies and TV, so fine.<br/><br/>I watched episode one and had no desire at all to continue. There isn't one sympathetic character in it. It's tacky, corny, predictable and completely unbelievable. I didn't need tissues, I needed a bucket. I don't know how anyone can like this twaddle.<br/><br/>I shall watch episode four, just for Janet, but I may cringe all the way through and I certainly will not be watching any more. I am very loyal to the the shows i like n generally like to finish what i stared but i don't have any motivation here.. i really really loved the first season .. evry episode made my cry badly .. i lost my father very young so it made huge impact .. but how long can you encash same script .. i feel i crying for father In diffrent ways for 3 seasons .. just not interesting.. there s nothing to look forward to .. sorry guys .. though i love jack pearson ... He s the father evry daughter wants .. and husband evry wife wants.. but please either bring something new or end it I can't believe what I'm watching, after reading some raving reviews and hysterical ratings. This is utter schmaltz, flat, badly acted, terribly written melodramatic drivel! I seriously thought the plot line - that one which nobody wanted to spoil - was that the entire first seasons were a parody. Now I finally know IMDB ratings means nothing! (I should have known this a long time ago though, a lot of hit and miss here). An 8.8 IMDB rating in fact could mean that the series looks like it was made in someone's garage. Or with cameras that come from someone's garage. Or written by a bunch of college drop outs. Anyway, if you have any liking for layered characters and tantalizing dialogue and plot, try watching Mad Men yet another time perhaps instead, or the first season of the Handmaid's Tale or Westworld. Remember in the summer when your mom wanted all the kids to go outside to play so she could "watch her stories"?
Yea, that's watching this schlock now. A modern soap opera. There is a lot of tragedy and sadness in the world, so why not add to that by deciding that we should be entertained by a slow motion time killing emotion jerking tv series, Thinking back to the beginning, they could have started with 2 newborn babies and 1 adoption. That's not enough emotion, so let's just kill off one of the babies at birth and then adopt one so they still need 3 sets of baby futniture, etc. Great writing for maximum emotion, as the series is launched and then drags on and on, much to the pleasure of many with a different opinion and lots of time to spare. I loved the first season, but the second got too political. There were a lot of left leaning remarks regarding Trump, racism, regarding immigrants, which totally destroyed the enjoynment of the movie for me.<br/><br/>Dear SJW, please leave your political views outside of the entertainment realm. I just happened to watch some scenes. People were chasing me away, don't, you HAVE to watch the first episode, is gonna blow your mind. I don't need to. I watched some scenes with some overly "realistic" scenes, ending up being forced , exaggerated. Too much schmaltz, too much syrup, too much of everything. A husband tells some friends in a bar that he goes home , because he feels a crazy need to be with his wife, although she is a a kind of "exorcist' state. In reality, she is not, she just exaggerates every feeling, goes to a liquor store and wants to buy stuff to make a cake for him, bla bla bla...She talks in a cheesy way to the twins in her belly, and, wow, surprise, he was secretly filming her... So touching. Why would we care? The characters are perfectly, syrupy, totally correct, exaggerated, talking in great words, pretending that they are simple, miserable people, but acting with the perfection of a Gospel. Skip this... Little things can have a big effect on your enjoyment of a show. This one instantly alienated me with the opening song, which had a kind of sensitivity-indie-schmaltzy vibe. In general I'm not a fan of using songs to convey emotion, because it's usually a cheap trick, and starting the series like that was offputting. <br/><br/>But I pushed on through that initial dislike, because it seemed well written and was clearly trying for something interesting. <br/><br/>But then I kept getting distracting by the feeling that it was just checking a lot of "Emmy-award" boxes. Let's have someone hugely overweight because it's an underrepresented group. Let's have someone black because the series has this super-white cultural quality ala shows like thirtysomething and a little color will ameliorate that. Let's get in some tears and laughter and tragedy right off the bat and make everyone really nice because we're going to be positive and uplifting.<br/><br/>All of which is fine - good even - but kind of bugged me.<br/><br/>There were moments that were terrific, like the guy's inability to say no to the father he thought he hated, or the super charming guy who hooks up with one of the main characters at the OA meeting.<br/><br/>Then I thought the ending was really clever. In fact, five minutes before the end of the episode I thought I wouldn't watch another, but in the end I thought I might, because I was curious where they would go from that end. I'm not certain I'll get around to watching another episode - a few years ago I thought the ending of Those Who Kill made it worth checking out another episode in spite of being underwhelmed, but I still never got around to watching it again. So we'll see.<br/><br/>Maybe I've just seen too many of these thirtysomething-ish series. I used to love them, and maybe if I were thirty I'd love this one. But so far I'm stuck on the fence. First off, I have seen that 99% of reviews on here came within the first few episodes!! The show is now three seasons in and is getting worse!! First off, everyone has enough heartache in everyday life as it is!! People stuggle with depression, trying to survive in a selfish society, so why make a show like that!! Used to be that shows and movies were away to escape reality for a bit to give people a chance to forget what goes on in their stress filled lives!!!
Next is the big girl!! WHY? Why have it in season one she is so much about weight!! That adds to others depression who are battling weight issues in real life!! Now in the third season she is trying to get pregnant at 300 plus lbs!! What direction are they going to go here to make things even more depressing. They going to have her have a miscarriage or die in child birth or she makes it but the baby is stillborn or born with problems because of her weight!! I'm not being mean but just honest!! This is how depressing this show is!! They killed the dad off when the kids were still in school for crying out loud!! They try to make it as sad & depressing as they can!!
Next, it's completely PC!!! Every show & movie this day & time is PC, WHY? Why does it have to be politically correct? Why can't it just be a show or movie like they used to be!!! Lastly, the last episode that aired before Halloween week!! The one they adopted is running for a political office & has a campaign event in a restaurant. As he talks about what he would do if elected, the African Americans all walk out!! He try's to talk to the owner & he tells rhe guy to leave!! He pushes the owner for answers and he gets the BS mainstream 21st century American answer, racist whites!! He says 15 years ago a white collar WHITE man bought the building & raised the rent way up there & they were going to close because they couldn't afford to pay that price!! The incumbent came to save the day back then & gets "THE MAN" to change his mind on the price. Really writers? Come off it for crying out loud!!!
What's even worse and truly said, there are people who really think that all whites are bad people like they tried making out the landlord to be on the episode!! These are truly the lowest & saddest times we live in now!! There are good and bad people in all cultures, REMEMBER that people!!! This Is Us is a television series created by Don Fogelman, which seems to be fairly popular. I was initially underwhelmed, but I watched the entire first season in to give it a fair shot anyway. It's not all (that) bad, but I was far from enthralled nonetheless. Though it has many moments of charm, This Is Us ultimately feels contrived, clichéd, and emotionally artificial.<br/><br/>I'm writing this review retrospectively (a month or two after finishing), though I took detailed notes and remember it reasonably well. If you disagree with me, all the merrier! It's good to challenge each others' opinions: you don't have to agree or change your mind whatsoever, but the prospect of discussion (or an internal, reflective dialogue of sorts) is welcome unconditionally.<br/><br/>In it's defense, this show isn't all bad: the performances are fine to charming, the characters are empathizable at least to some degree, and there are some neat ideas (such as the non-chronological presentation) that redeem it somewhat. Not to mention that the music by Siddhartha Khosla is fantastic! You might just enjoy it on that alone, in which case: judge it for yourself. But for me, this show was hard to watch. A majority of the problems I have with the show are in the writing and direction, and that's what this review will dwell on, mostly.<br/><br/>For one, the series uses exposition-heavy dialogue as a crutch for functionality. For example, the following is how real people who already know each other DON'T talk in casual conversation: "We've been together for seventeen years," "We're best friends," "I've known you your whole life," etc... They use a lot of "remember whens", and drop detailed backstories in unrelated or otherwise casual conversation, always with a specific amount of years. For one, this sounds unnatural and completely jarring, but more importantly, good dialogue provides insight into characters without having to explicitly state things, and implies depth and history between the characters through nuance. This is not good dialogue. These characters are made of straw. <br/><br/>Furthermore, the characters are basically a collection of tropes, who are only as wise or as foolish in any given moment as the script needs them to be, and follow predictable arcs. That's not anything spectacularly out-of-the-ordinary for television, or particularly deplorable for that matter, but it's still not engaging. Sometimes arcs even feel as though they are constructed backwards, where the most sympathetic aspects of the characters are presented near the end of the season. Though functional within contained episodes, these setups rarely feel meaningful within the wider context of the show. The characters don't have ample room to change, or much of a necessity to do so since the conflicts are fleeting and typically resolved without major development. Within an episode or two of any drama, they're all just peachy again. Conflict in this series is generally derived when the characters' preconceived values are challenged, but rather than a rewarding course of character development, they reach resolve when their values are reinforced, not changed. This is an underlying message in storytelling that I have found particularly unfulfilling. (Most of the time, it seems to me. There may very well be exceptions to this.) For the most part, the show is also afraid to explore conflicts outside of comfortable middle-class-or-higher squabbles, and when they do try to tackle matters of substance, it doesn't quite feel genuine. With these dynamics in mind, the show lacks a depth of character and subtext that would make this more relatable or believable. <br/><br/>From there, the show delves mainly into mediocre television drama, with conventional conflicts and disposable plotlines (it's not as bad as I just made it sound, but I wasn't that interested nonetheless). The main exception to this is the interweaving timelines, which is admittedly quite clever in spite of its distractions. With more inspired execution these reveals could have been more engaging, and without characters that feel tangible the drama ultimately feels artificial. The series still benefits from the medium of television, as in you do get more attached to the characters than you would in movies due to repeat exposure, but the experience isn't fulfilling beyond the screen.<br/><br/>With the direction, I've observed a recurring disparity between what's on screen, and what the director is trying to make you feel. For instance, there is a scene where they try to play the character of Toby off as charming, but the subtext of the situation is him manipulating someone into sex. The subtext of his ulterior motives are ignored, and they expect the audience to go along with it, even playing music over it to try and change the reading of the scenario. It's actually very common for the show to cram in music when it doesn't have confidence in the audience's emotional intelligence. The pilot episode is a good example, where they put in overly-emotional music when Milo Ventimiglia's performance could have carried the emotion even better without it. The use of music in this instance feels like insecurity on the director's part. Not to discredit the composer (the outro music is outstanding, for instance), but the director made poor calls on what the emotional tone of the music should be in many places, ignoring important subtext that made some sequences hard to watch.<br/><br/>My takeaway from all of this is that I'm clearly not the target audience. From now on I'll also probably be more willing to give up on shows that don't grab me within the first few episodes, for better or for worse. I can't recommend this show based on my tastes and values, but go ahead and try it for yourself if this isn't helpful to you. I won't be tuning in for season 2.<br/><br/>Anyway... Merry Christmas?<br/><br/>Season 1 Score: 5/10 I had always heard about this show, This is Us, and how great it was. It had won multiple awards so I decided, why not give it a shot? So after enjoying the first episode, I then decided to watch the next 4 episodes. However, This is Us didn't do it for me because too much of the storylines are based on cliche stereotypes, unlikeable characters, and easily predictable episodes that made the show feel very cringe-worthy. <br/><br/>The show follows three siblings as they live out their adult lives with flashbacks of themselves as children. Kate and Kevin are twins and Randall is their adopted black brother.<br/><br/>Starting with Randall's storyline, every single episode thus far is about Randall sticking out from his white family because he is black. His brother Kevin doesn't like him, his mother has no idea how to properly take care of him and Randall's biological dad is a former crackhead (of course). To me, Randall's storyline comes across as very stereotypical. An infant baby given is up and adopted by a meaningful white family because his father was a no good druggie from "the hood." It also feels like the only reason that his character was written was to have a "token" black character for the show and for diversity.<br/><br/>I just finished watching "The Pool" episode and some of the dialogue surrounding Randall's character made me cringe. There was a scene where Randall is at the pool and plays with the other black kids, Rebecca (Randall's mom) goes over there to get him, as she is leaving one of the black moms says, "Don't forget to put lotion on him when he leaves the pool or else he'll get ashy." Ugh. That line felt like a white writer trying to write from a black person's point of view. That line was painful, because, let's be real, who puts on lotion when they leave the pool, regardless of race? No one! Yikes.<br/><br/>Then there is the obese sister, Kate, and like Randall's character, every episode is about her being overweight. She goes to some type of Overeaters Anonymous group, she complains about how she can't find clothes that fit and how she's not losing any weight. It again feels like the show couldn't just have an overweight character on it, without mentioning her weight somehow. <br/><br/>Then I find the brother Kevin and the mother Rebecca to be the most unlikeable characters on the show. Kevin is very conceited and full of himself and his mother seems like she knows it all and is opposed to any kind of help. She tells Randall's biological dad to never contact him, she gives the black woman at the pool who is trying to help her and attitude. <br/><br/>Overall, this show reminds me of a trainwreck. It's like it's so bad, you want to keep watching for more cringe-worthy moments. I do think that there should be more diversity in Hollywood, but it doesn't have to be at the expense of portraying that character in every stereotypical image possible. I am a TV watcher so keep that in mind.<br/><br/>At first, I thought this show was interesting. I am a fan of Milo Ventimiglia so I couldn't help, but be excited to try his new TV show. <br/><br/>I wish I could say I loved it, but sadly that is not the case. This show is so full of emotion turmoil that I don't want to watch it. I normally don't mind some emotional roller coaster moments, but to me this is to much.<br/><br/>I'd definitely call this a emotional "chick show". So people out there that want to open a bottle of wine and probably uncontrollably sob this is your show. The first episode was great and draw my attention to this show But then i realized it's just too much drama and emotional scenes And also too much set up, like Jack's death... Overall it's an OK show to get emotional and kill time. Thought it would be as deep as Six Feet Under, but i guess i was just expecting too much. THIS IS US. Is a great weekly show.. it can relate to so many people.. I love the show and the characters are wonderful.. There has not been a show on TV like this and I am so glad to see TV is bringing back a show worth watching with so much feelings.. I look forward to watching THIS IS US every week.. I hope it continues on for many seasons.. people need to watch it as it has something for everyone..The show has so many heartfelt scenes.. you feel like you are a part of this family.. the cast has great report.. I'm sure they have great friendships with each other.. this is such a great show and I do hope everyone watches it..I can't wait to see what happens each week.. if I can't watch it I definitely record it.. I don't want to miss any of the episodes.. First season would have been a 10, but now it's about a 1, so I gave it a 3. Kate's stuff/whining is so annoying and so is Randall's stuff and all the war nonsense too. The show had a good start with okay characters. It tends to draw out every little thing (to keep you on edge?), but that basically get's tiresome quickly. Tell the story without making us hold our breath for something unsubstantial. I had to fast forward through a lot of the William (Randall's biological father) because it just dragged on and on. He was meant to be a blip, a footnote, but the show kept him hanging on and on like some sort of main character. I was SO THROUGH with him when they finally decided to let him go. In fact, I almost let the entire show go due to the character. Beth is mean spirited, Madison is treated like dirt, there really is ZERO passion between Rebecca and Miguel (who should have just stayed in the friend zone), Tobey is annoying and condescending a lot. Nick really should have died in Viet Nam, The Jack and Rebecca relationship was really the only one that worked for me. Jack and Kevin are the only 2 really like able people although Kate and Rebecca are ok. Randall is fine , I guess. I like to complete everything I start so, I may take a shot at watching season 4...but it isn't a "must do" thing for me. The whole William saga really made me turn off on the series and there really isn't anything calling me back to watch now that Jack is gone. This tv show always make me cry. Good tears and smiling tears. Thank you for making this so real for people to relate. I'm one of the few apparently that appreciates the "Manny" above all the other actors. About 3\4 into the first season I began to feel that each of the characters in their own way was attempting to manipulate feelings of sorrow or despair. Everything literally had to do with grief or anger. Only the Manny was able to present without constantly feeling grief stricken. Perhaps this was due to his denial but I found it a welcome relief. The wives are constantly dissatisfied and petulant. <br/><br/>In a nitpicking manner I do have to address Ms. Moore's on screen husband's hygiene. Do women find filthy hair attractive? I don't think it's product as that was not the fashion in the timeline and none of the other men present in that style.<br/><br/>I watched the first year avidly but this year just don't have the energy. Loved this show when it first started but now it is just becoming boring. All of the characters are becoming irritating. It really is hard to feel any sympathy for them. Still Iove Jack though. I wish that they would age Rebecca more, it's hard to look at her and consider her a woman in her mid 60's. putting her in drab clothes doesn't do it!! If it doesn't improve I can see it being cancelled and I for one won't miss it. By far, the most boring thing I ever saw in my life, filled with awful characters and stupid drama. One of the worst TV shows ever. Love the show and never miss it. But, every season I wonder how in the world Kate and Toby live. I have never seen Toby go to work on be on the job. Kate a few part time stints. In a show with such great writing, I find this element kind of distracting. Are they independently wealthy? Forcefully and meaninglesslt prolonged one more show Yes, this show incorporates innovative storytelling and interesting characters to depict family relations. But the "background" music track is non-stop, frequently drowning out the dialog. It's immensely distracting and irritating. The music frequently stands in for actual dialog as well. It's like a musical soap opera without any lyrics. I plodded through season 1, but I'm passing on season 2. <br/><br/>Oh, and why does Milo Ventimiglia's character always have greasy, unkempt hair? Yuck. There's 2 ways to view this series...<br/><br/>1. This show contains, without a doubt, the most annoying, whiny, selfish, dysfunctional, loathsome characters imaginable.
2. This show contains REAL people/REAL characters.<br/><br/>The way I look at it is this: This show contains, without a doubt, the most annoying, whiny, selfish, dysfunctional, loathsome characters imaginable. REALLY.<br/><br/>I watch it on Hulu so I have the advantage of: 1. I don't have to see any commercials. And 2. I can mute/fast forward past scenes that make me just want to wretch. (The muting helps block out the persistently annoying "mood" music that gets interjected in just about EVERY show in just about EVERY scene.)<br/><br/>Then there's the annoying plot device of telling the audience early on that Jack dies when the kids are about 17 years old, but the only scene we actually see, in almost TWO SEASONS, is where there's a burnt out house. C'MON, MAN! Stop manipulating the audience with the stupid "mood" music, the peep show gimmick with Jack's death, the obsessive focus of Randall on his father yet the complete total absence of any interest whatsoever in his mother, and the never-ending stream of annoying whiny selfish dysfunctional characters. (If I want to see that I'll just flip through and old family photo album.) The only somewhat interesting character is jack. I tried getting into this show, so far gave it 10 episodes, its just boring & left me confused as to why people actually watched the show. The characters are boring & unoriginal except for jacks character who's the only one that's interesting. Otherwise I find the cast to be so boring its almost annoying. The storyline of the adopted son is so common & redone. I really gave it a shot, because I found jacks character to be mysterious, but the storyline isn't there. We see 3 adults grown up, 1 grew up to be rich & successful but still looks for his birth parents even when he grew up w/ the most love in the world. The other wants to become a serious actor & the other one was overweight her whole life. Theres nothing about the characters that seem mysterious, they don't act like brothers & sisters, its hard to see them that way. The storyline shows how much the father & mother loved eachother & their kids & always gave them whatever they could. Which isn't interesting for more than a few episodes. Think it would have been better as a movie, seemed like the first 10 episodes was just the same thing. The storyline shows that one kid grew up w/ less attention than the others, but seriously thats the worst thing, every kid had that so whats so interesting? I must not be watching the same show as everyone else. The show I've been watching is bland, predictable and stereotypical. The actors/actresses give it steam however the story line and the writing fizzled out after the Kyle episode. I jumped on the This is Us bus now I'm getting off. I just saw the 1st season. I couldn't stop cringing through the whole show. The serie is packed with outdated tv show stereotypes that we've seen thousands of times and that are not pleasant to watch in the first place. For example, when a character is about to reveal something personal and/or painful, he or she often starts by talking about his or her childhood, "when I was young my dad would always take me to the big game..." followed by a sweet and sour personnal truth. Who does that in real life?!!! absolutely no one! Another cheesy tv trope in this serie is the use of secondary characters dispensing their great knowledge and life philosophy to other people who they don't even know in the first place. Who does that in real life?! again, no one! "This is us" is a show that brags about its cutlural liberalism, about being open minded etc. Alas, another cliché (and that one is actually more disturbing to me) is that one of the only black character of the show is married to another black character! Because as we all know black and white people don't mix. And it doesn't matter wether he's been adopted by a white couple in the first place since it looks a lot like his blackness is used as an argument to show how great those people are. In short, I felt I was watching a very demagogic and moralist soap. Of course I will spare myself the second season... First....this going back and forth bit is stupid. Just tell the story from beginning to end...and I hope it ends soon. Too many cliches and much too 'soap operish"
Too many unanswered questions. Acting for the most part is terrible, especially the actor playing Randall....OMG talk about over acting. He's horrible and not much better is the Keven portrayer..Ugh And whats with the Toby character. Does he ever go to work. Seems he's always available day and night. Not very realistic at all. Mandy and Milo are OK, but nothing special. Much too much schmaltz. And why keep Jacks cause of death so secret??? Hate to make this judgement after seeing only 10 or 11 episodes, but come on writers....be more realistic and stop with the back and forth concept. It doesn't work and I won't be watching the rest of this garbage. If one wants a great family show that makes sense and is done in a regular fluid style, watch Brothers and Sisters. Now THAT'S a winner!! Garbage garbage garbage!! this is like a daytime soap opera thats super boring and heavy handed and preachy and lame and boring All I saw on Facebook was my friends gushing about this show and how every episode would make them cry. I don't get it... It's seriously the sappiest show I have ever seen in my life. I gave it two starts because it does have it's moments, but I if these characters were people I knew in real life, there is NO WAY that I would have an interest in getting to know them at all. So contrived!!! Ugh... how do shows like this get made? I was on the 3rd or 4th episode and was enjoying the show until they started portraying white people as racist and dumb and that only blacks can understand how to raise a black kid and a white person raising a black kid was clueless. As a older white male who raised Two 1/2 black (Mixed Race)girls from a young age I can tell you that all my friends and family treated my daughters with love and respect.. However it was the other blacks they encountered in school or where they lived before I adopted them that were ugly and mean to them because they weren't black or dark skinned enough.. Both my girls are almost grown up now and doing great in school and are very well rounded in there lives.. I had to turn this show off because of the lies that Hollywood puts out.. I'd like to begin by saying I really enjoyed series one. "This is us" managed to make something which in reality is quite small feel like a major twist. It was escapism in what has become a cynical world...<br/><br/>...then season 2 came along...<br/><br/>All of a sudden it feels like all the niceness is being rammed down your throat. The Pearson family are so sickeningly perfect you'll need an antiemetic just to stomach each episode.
Even when Jack's fate is revealed (albeit a very emotional episode and not a spoiler because its revealed in season 1 episode 2) this is ruined by giving you a Jack's greatest hits in his old car episode the following week. When they killed him off they should have left him off the show to allow the viewer to feel the loss. Instead he's in it more afterwards then he was before.
Kate is overweight which seems to be the basis for every storyline she has. Chris's Metz has more than proved her acting chops on this show so can we not give her a storyline where the main crux isn't because she has weight issues.
The saving grace of the show is Kevin because at least he has some flaws making him the most relatable. He's the most watchable out of the "perfect Pearsons".
I've read ahead about series 3 which doesn't seem much better from now on I'm out. So heartwarming! I love EVERY charactor...especially the newly introduced "Littlest Big Three"! Just when you don't know how they can make the show any better... THEY DO! To be able to watch their "lives" is awesome. I quickly became hooked on Season 1 and couldn't wait for 2. It had some powerful moments, but it wasn't as gripping as the 1st season. Now in Season 3, I'm watching out of habit, hoping it gets better. So far, it hasn't. I do love most of the casting, but Randall (both the character and the actor) is starting to drive me nuts. The other person I FF through is Kate. It's not her weight, it's her personality. I was so stoked when they got married, but now she's so high maintenance and he's a good guy.<br/><br/>I also don't like storylines that involve just one of them. The whole appeal of this show is the highs and lows of a family seen through different generations. I can watch Jack and Rebecca forever, but I don't think any of the triplets are interesting enough to carry a whole episode.<br/><br/>tl;dr - I'm still hanging in there. I also wish they'd bring back Randall's biofather. I love that guy! 1st season, I watched, painful for me at times due to bordeom, bec of the accolades. Manipulative, full of clichés. I can see why it hits some notes for people. triplets, 1 black adopted, one really good looking man 1 over weight woman. talk about diversity. so, especially after the Emmy's tried to watch 2nd season, I started to watch 1st episode, and said, NO, I don't think so. I don't care how many Emmy nominations. I give it 3 stars bec if you are 14, it may be fresh- could be worse. well meaning if over sentimental and cliché. But changed it to the 1 star bec I found it so unwatchable. I think I tuned it in for 2 minutes, 2X as a tester, and here it was again. I can't understand why it's won so many Emmy awards. I guess NBC and the friends of the show Runners have a lot of votes in the Academy. yes folks, if you don't know, only other members of the TV Academy get to vote- but I have to say the Golden Globes isn't any better (foreign journalists).
the 2 very good great ones are The Good Place- a Triumph, how di did get on NBC- and Good Girls (more in line with episodic TV) but still good and original enough. Woman leads, the men are adjuncts. So, I've nearly finished Season 2 after binge watching this show for the last week with my other half. <br/><br/>It's strange because I really like This Is Us, however I can see what they are doing to make me like it, they are forcefully making me feel for all of the characters on screen in probably the laziest way possible. <br/><br/>I film wedding videos and use the speeches and emotional music to tug on peoples heart strings. I know what I'm doing and it works perfectly, for a wedding video. The makers of this show use the same approach, however the entire 2 Seasons so far are a series of speeches rather than conversations and its just so fake. <br/><br/>Its like I'm watching some master puppeteer but the strings are far too noticeable. I just wish that the show would stop relying on having a speech in every scene and put the effort into making us care without being so forceful. <br/><br/>I haven't said much positive about the show however I have rated it a 7 because I am addicted and will be going straight back to finish the season after this review. ... and had been eagerly awaiting the start of season 4... but I'm sorry to say that after watching the first episode, they lost me... Why? Well, they added another "time level", supposed to take us at least 20 years into the FUTURE... but with a world that hasn't changed a bit! (technology, hair styles, fashion, cars...) - when one considers how much the world has changed over the LAST 20 years, I can't buy into that at all... and will not continue watching for lack of credibility. I started to watch Season 1 with my wife. I could barely make it through three episodes. The actors are good, but the producers must not trust their viewers to have any emotions, because the music hits us over the head how we should feel.<br/><br/>This is a soap opera in the worst possible way. It's rare to find a show that promotes values, and it is even rarer a show that promotes good values AND that it's good.<br/><br/>It has strong family values reinforced throughout difficult times and through life in general. It has some areas that to many wouldn't be accepted, but if compared to other shows (pretty much any other show out there today) it is a return to old fashion morals, ethics and values that our society needs so badly. Season 3 has completely fallen short. Really getting sick of this whole "Randall does good" act. Very tiring and the storyline is stale. Zero emotion or chemistry left for this show. Seasons 1 and 2 were so refreshing, now it's just boring. Swing and a miss. A friend in his 70's likes this show, so I started watching. I was a big fan of Six Feet Under and have seen all 63 episodes at least 3 or 4 times. The way he described the show made me think this could be like SFU. However I can't find anything to like about the show. I cannot relate to any of the characters, it's overly sappy and full of constant drivel. I don't know anyone who acts like these people, probably because real people are not overly constructed. Other reviews say this show is so real-to-life, I find most of the characters are clichés. For one thing, everyone has a lot of baggage from the past so there is a story-line in waiting rather than create something in the present. Most of the characters are so completely inept at conflict, their life is always in turmoil. Not a pleasant show and I cannot understand why some people find this is great TV. We all had been waiting for a TV show like this for the last decade. You will cry, laugh, then cry again, then laugh again. Heart warming story, great actors and actresses, makes us believe in a possible good world. Too bad there is only one episode a week. I like the fact that they address real problems of real people and that you learn something from each episode. Could be considered a family TV show, but personally ,I cry like a little baby so I would rather watch it alone. You will relate to each character in a different and special way, and It will be hard to chose your favorite one. Thank you guys for sharing your art with us and I hope "This is us" will stick around for many many seasons to come Oh how I loved the show when it first came out Io! I couldn't wait to watch it ! I was so excited and I will say the first season was wonderful but I think it's gone downhill since its second season , it's just so dramatic and I think it lost it's way a little bit but I'm still watching it and I'm giving it a six out of 10 stars. But I do like the fact that they've introduced dementia in Rebecca . I think that's going to add a solid storyline. This is Us needs something fresh. This is what TV was made for, to connect with the people and show us how we can be better, even if we aren't perfect. I lost count of how many times I cried watching this show, and the weirdest thing is that the happy moments make me cry more than the sad moments. Happy moments are actually more dangerous and frightening than the sad moments, because they make you realize what is at stake. To the writers and everyone who contributed to this show, thank you, you did something right. I hope you keep it up. When I first started watching this show, I thought it was one of the best I had ever seen on TV. It had a blend of old, new, emotions, life experiences, etc. However, I have just started viewing the newest season and I am quite disappointed that this show is trying too hard to reach out to every important issue in life. I believe they are making a big mistake by going on "OVERLOAD." These problems all exist in every day life, but if you try to focus on a few of the problems instead of all of them, I think it would make a much larger impact on the audience. Sorry, but I am starting to lose interest. Hard time staying interested/awake this season to watch. One of my favorites last season, used to be hard to keep from shedding a tear with each new show. No longer look forward to next episode and hard to even keep my attention for duration, which feels like work to sit through. Most of the plots seem unrealistic like Randall winning an election so he can help strangers then nothing about him actually doing anything after he wins, like a child with a new toy he soon tires of. It would be more interesting to see Deja and her Mom adjusting to changes in new family dynamic. We get dabbles of many possible interesting topics then left hanging for more dull story lines also leading nowhere. Making Jack's brother an unlikable character does not help hold our interest and seems unrealistic. What used to feel like real characters with honest emotion has turned into something entirely different. I miss Randall's father. Mandy Moore's character is now aloof and cold. Her new husband could be developed into a great character but seldom appears with little to say. So many possibilities are ignored. Feels like they all just show up and go through the motions now, no longer putting effort in to grab our hearts or even hold our attention. Most our our individual home lives are more dynamic and exciting than all of theirs combined. Every episode teaches you something. The dialogues are so heartwarming that I bet you will become a better human being than you are now. The relationship of the family seems like any normal family but the core of this is something amazing. This will teach you how to love. Watch this patiently and you will fall in love with this show and your own life.<br/><br/>Every character teaches you something and also shows the everyday struggles of different types of people. Shows you their deepest emotions and you can certainly relate your life with some of the characters. It not only shows all the above said, it tries to give a solution for that. Tries to give you the recipe for a contented, happy life you can life through all your problems and facing them head on. A lot....which is why this show is popular among the young set of female viewers while their male counterpart parents and their wives watch NCIS and the kiddies watch Riverdale and Rosewell New Mexico and the sports fans watch sports. Mandy Moore shines as well as Milo Ventiligia and there's a lot of sadness and excitement. This show gained more exposure when it was shown after last year's Super Bowl and it has grown in leaps and bounds. This show has helped NBC become as popular as CBS and has trended on social media for awhile. Very well written show with great characters and plenty of talented actors. But with each show, it grows further from being realistic. Its evolving into a fairytale of bs. There's nothing worse than seeing good actors pour everything into their characters, only to be playing someone that couldn't possibly exist. I give examples, but there are too many. Plus, I'm sure most recognize the direction the show goes by season 3. I'm giving this is 5. It isn't a bad show. It would have made a great movie. In fact, I've been binge watching it over the past week. Just finished S2E14. To me, this was the episode I had been waiting for. I've seen it and now I'm done.
First off, it's a sad, depressing show. There are happy moments, but 90% of it is sad. I have cried at least once during every single episode. The entire show is centered around a death. I'm no stranger to untimely deaths in my family (I lost my 19 year old brother to an accidental gun shot). But I don't wallow in sadness every day for years, ruining relationships with everyone around me. Grieve, but live.
All of the characters are train wrecks. They are constantly making horrible decisions. While they still manage to be loveable (except kevin and Beth), they are a constant mess.
Kevin is a jerk from childhood. Beth is a great wife and mother, but constantly belittling her husbands family. She acts like she is so much better than his white family.
Randall's race and Kate's weight are overdone.
So I've come to what should have been an ending to a movie and I'm going back to watching happier shows Amazing. I never thought reading what was this about to be able amazed by it. Very good acting,cast and script . There is no dragons or mythical creatures here. Just life ! Totally recommended and after watching it you might appreciate the little things in life. I can't watch a single episode without crying. I actually think it's the best series I've ever watched. YOU NEED TO WATCH IT! Another daytime soap TV of listening to people complain about their problems while living self-consuming inconsequential lives. Spoiled Americans (and a few other overly wealthy countries) consume the planet's future while only thinking of their own comfort thus the premise behind this series. Maybe the writers should visit damaged or impoverished areas on this planet & make their stories interesting, & enlightening. My Initial rating for this show was 9/10. This had the best pilot and the first two seasons were insanely good. The edits, the screen play, the cast and the acting was fresh, emotional, very intuitive and had the originality to it. This would have still been good if they had not extended the show to even season 2 by delaying the reason for JACK's death. Season 2 was still fine but after that renewing this show is just spoiling the awesomeness that it had, the characters lack originality now, the scenarios appear like made up and not in flow. I made myself watch season 3 expecting that it would turn out to be good but in vain. While I come to know that this had been renewed for 3 more seasons till season 6, I am sure they are just making this amazing show an other garbage. Unfortunately, the unrealistic landing of clichés at the end of the first season makes it a ridiculous drama. At the end, every actor has lost his luster, this has been replaced by "mi mi mi" dialogues.<br/><br/>This is a pity, since after the first 3 parts it could be assumed that this potential can be continued. Surely you did not want to run after the usual Hollywood happy ending but then paint everything only black is neither life nor the value alive.<br/><br/>Thus, Season 2 is unintresannt, because you do not want to re-enter the vale of drama quenching.<br/><br/>That's why from 10 stars unfortunately only 5 stars, for the idea of unequal triplets. What on Earth happened to this show? It's like we went from a really good 1st season to a bad season 2 to a terrible season 3 to a "meh" season 4.<br/><br/>I feel terrible for all the actors involved because they are just giving it their all and delivering great performances across the board, particularly Sterling K. Brown(Randall) and Lyric Ross(Deja), Nicky(Griffin Dunne), Chrissy Metz(Kate), and Chris Sullivan(Toby), but it's like the screenwriting is becoming so bad and so out-of-nowhere contrived and forced that it's amazing. However, the camera-work and cinematography are well done and the locations where it's filmed are nice to look at and you kind of feel like you're on set with the cast as well.
I kind of want to keep watching out of curiosity to see where it all ends up.
Some part of me is keeping me going to see where how it concludes.
-- Chase. Have a good day to everyone. I started watching as Sterling was in it. It was OK, but one major problem for me. Chrissy Metz.<br/><br/>I am no lightweight but she makes me look thin. I think someone of the huge size is such a bad example to the younger viewers. Showing them that maybe it is OK to get that big.<br/><br/>As for struggling with her weight as the show suggests. I know why I am overweight, it's not the amount I eat, but what I eat.<br/><br/>I am sorry, but the whole process is simple, you do not get something from nothing. So how much is she eating, whilst trying to tell everyone, that's OK?<br/><br/>So, that's me, I cannot watch that woman. Every episode is just packed with as many dramatic moments as possible. 5 main characters? 5 extremely dramatic moments minimum per episode.... it's exhausting... the writers must get pretty damn tired of being forced to crank out this dribble. Growing up in a dysfunctional family, and toxic environment this show taught me about healthy communication, support, love, kindness, acceptance. Everyone should watch this show because it will touch you in ways you never expected to be touched. You will grow internally as a human being. It will make you cry, laugh, think, and reflect on your life. I LOVE THIS SHOW!!! I know y it getting popular but I see no point accept this junk is try too hard to get people emotion.well there are way better and more emotional story out there.dont understand craze for this copycat series The show doesnt have a plot at all. Nothing happens except a bunch of clishe Americans who are always perfect, kind and funny no matter what happens.
Only giving 2 stars for the acting of Sterling Brown One of the best shows that was made in the last decade! The writing is beautiful and genuine with acting that leaves you with every emotion from rolling on the floor laughing to bursting into tears. This show also has a strong understanding about the modern television audience and their understanding of classic cinema troupes. They set up a situation that makes the audience believe they can easily predict the ending, but then at the end of the situation the ending takes a twist that shocks everyone. It keeps you engaged and invested in everything. The characters are lovable while still showing they are flawed, which is not an easy balance to have with some of the issues they cover. This season is a large disappointment. I was looking forward to it after watching all the previous shows so I have been giving this season a fair chance... TOTAL waste of my time. Kate has a great voice and personality although those are seldom seen beyond her weight problems. but I enjoy her family. Randall as a politician is beyond belief although I like his character and family a lot. Mandy Moore's singing voice grates my ears yet is constantly screeching and her nicey nice, near hysteria personality is one dimensional at best, but I really like her new partner. Story lines this season leave a lot to be desired. I enjoy seeing Jack and would like seeing Randall's dad much more. Uncle Nicky is okay, hopefully he will become a mentor to Kevin in the end if I can force myself to watch any more episodes. Not looking forward to more episodes. Watched this week with dread and was even worse than I was prepared for. You lost a devoted fan this season because I have better uses for my time. I love this show. At first I thought great this show is not going to be as good as it will be without all the normal characters, especially not knowing if Chrissy Metz will be in it again, BUT! The ending did not disappoint me! I love the tying of everyone into the regular cast's lives! I should of known the ending but did not see it coming! Wow. I was crying at the end! So beautiful...chemistry between everyone is wonderful! Keep it up! This show is so incredibly real. All the characters are deeply created, they all make you cry, laugh, feel, love, crawl, break, and all the feels you have ever or never felt. The story is so good, no exxagrations (except Jack, how can a man be so super human?). I have never seen anything so down to earth and so close to my heart. Great job. I know a lot of people like the show, it's probably good for families who wants a family show to watch together. But I personally can find almost nothing to like about it. I don't like or relate to any of the characters, I thinks it's sappy, saccharin, overwrought drivel. I have never met anyone who acts like the people on this show, probably because real people are not overly constructed TV-characters. Everyone is either idealized or a clichÃ©, or both. It seems the most logical reason they didn't work on all that baggage from the past before is so that there could be a show about it later. I would certainly blame my parents a lot more than the characters seem to do if they had been so completely inept at conflict resolution while I was growing up. TV is dead and this show proves it. Which demographic is this aimed at? Leftie white cat ladies with pink hair?
This shoe is so cringe it's funny. I cannot watch Ms Metz. Nor should I have to. Gluttony is not a thing to be advertised as ok. I really liked the pilot probably because this was such an easy watch. But after four episodes the neediness of everyone in this series is getting really old. There is a plot surprise at the end of every episode which should keep most viewers interested, but it seems like a very dysfunctional family recap week after week.<br/><br/>(Dear God, my only review and I'm going to have to amend it from a 5 to an 8.) Yes, yes, yes, I see the point now. It is still cheesy but endearing and charming and well-written at times. The docs cynical responses in ep10 clinched it for me. So "This Is Us," I hope all is forgiven. Fortunate, i consider my self to have stumbled upon this masterpiece TV series.<br/><br/>The writers & creators of this TV series have been able to diffract the life of one family in such a beautiful spectrum of life events in every episode, its breathtaking to see it all happen.<br/><br/>Roles played by most of the primary cast in this series is so different (and so intense) than the previous roles that each of them has played, which just exemplifies the talent in the cast. <br/><br/>Most of the events that a person faces in a life time includes a series of 'non verbal communication' which takes place between the current state of mind, influenced by the peers and the judgment call, molded by the experiences faced by that person in the past - for example when a stranger becomes a part of your family, job pressure coincides with duties as a father, mother, brother, sister or as a friend - what will a person do then.<br/><br/>The thing to point out here is the 'non verbal communication' part that the directors and the editors have been able to throw a spotlight on (and which has made many movies of the past legendary), makes this show Authentic.<br/><br/>Every show vibrates at some cultural frequency to mimic or amplify that fantastic or realistic story driven by the certain perception in the society. <br/><br/>And after seeing this show, what makes one proud is to admire the fact that we are finally in that amazing phase emerging in the society where we can learn to live in the moment in what ever form life has to offer and learn to adopt the same in our lives.<br/><br/>And the last thing that i want to add here is the surreal background songs chosen, never knew those artists and that music existed. On the golden era of TV, this show send us back to the 80's cheesy melodramas. The show has become quite predictable: characters cry all the time, they portrait this sense of condescending morality, etc. There are so many options on TV these days that this is a waste of time. The Manny- everything is about him- even at Kate's wedding with his toast as it came around to his feelings about his father's death
Kate - willful and childish and has no clue as to how to own up to her own failings . She just has to do what she wants to do with no concern about worrying the whole wedding party . And is she getting bigger by the episode ? What happened to her diet ?<br/><br/>Deja - needs a whack on the butt-what a willful nasty piece of work . Her demeanor and attitude at the wedding was horrific .<br/><br/>
The plots are good but the characters are so very flawed it is hard to like them. I'm a hard person to convince anything is good. And so many people told me this was good. It is not. No action. Nothing special. A man dies. His kids behave good and bad and grow up. Token gay man. Token black man. And the only Latino in show is jerk who takes the wife (Mandy Moore) of his best friend. I don't understand why this show has a high rating. Basically nobody has taste anymore. a few months ago in one of Cairo's lesser known theaters I watched a simple, yet powerful scene, a group of young people standing still taking turns to say either their age of year of birth, and every other sentence the one standing in the far left of group says: "I am thirty six years old", every time he said those words they sounded different from the times before. when I watched the pilot episode of the series only a few days ago, seeing Kevin, Kate and Randall celebrating their thirty six birthday, it hit me, people who are thirty six years old in 2016 are my generation's elders, they were born in the beginning of the decade when all the madness begun, slasher movies, PCs, mobile phones, people who are thirty six years in 2016 are the beginning of a current, and now they're in their late thirties with real issues and had decisions still ahead of them. and one can't help but relating to at least one of the characters, if not all of them. what do I do if my career went side ways 36? what do I about my food addiction at 36? what do I do about my lesser known side of the family at 36? is shifting to an office work for money a good idea? is having kids a good idea? and so much more questions this show is asking without shoving the answers in our faces. I love it, it's good, I want it stay good and close to our problems without shoving any answers in our faces or, God forbids, turn into a soap opera. I am a man but I am not ashamed to say that I love this show being overweight myself I relate a lot to the over weight couple of this show but I do think that the show is everything that you would want in a family show just watch with the extremely young kids I say let your tweens watch it yes it does have sexual situations and language but aside from that It is a perfect show about life and I recommend you watch it with the family the kids go trew problems as well as the adults I love the overweight woman man and little girl watch with the kids so you can talk about the situations in the show Sometimes I think I'm watching a car ad or an appliance ad or some other ad replete with deep deep feelings and feel good sentiment. No seriously, sometimes they bleed into each other. If Ken Olin made ads they'd be This Is Us. Though I think he'd replace the folk guitar with sad piano music for a Subaru ad. It's all about the cliche feelings It is extremely hard to describe this show without any spoilers and with words, because it is the definition of emotions itself.<br/><br/>This show teaches you love, support, happiness, acceptance, shows you how to achieve your life goals, what are the most important priorities in life and gives you chills and tears of joy and sadness.<br/><br/>I am just simply thankful for it. Started watching this with my wife half looking and half playing with my phone and after 2 episodes I was more excited for the next episode than she was. The way they weave between past present and future is seamless. Always a thread that ties all tenses together in a common theme. It's like a magical, emotional life quilt that is pieced together episode by episode. I highly encourage binge viewing because you wont want to wait a week for more!! My wife and I are hooked. Currently on Season 3 and the writing, producing, story lines, acting and characters just all work. Normally when shows jump all over the place between different years and characters it can be very annoying. But, it really works well on this great show. Well done to all #1: I LOVE this show! It is brand new and uniquely fascinating.
#2: in regard to Chrissy Metz, I cannot understand why the producers of this show, or whoever the powers that be currently are, cannot help this woman to lose weight. She's beautiful, intelligent, and obviously very talented. Isn't anyone in her world concerned enough about her health to help her? It WILL kill her if this is allowed to continue. Please - govern yourselves accordingly. It's actually the best tv show and I've seen a lot. I cry in literally every episode There are some universally acknowledged problems that many people can identify with and understand even if they have not experienced them first-hand: Sibling rivalry, eating problems, grieving loved ones, etc. These are the stories that can be told over and over and not lose their originality. Therefore, I think almost everyone can relate to this show. 
The acting is superb and the past and present story lines have clear connections. 
The reason, however, that I stopped watching after the first season, is that, it seems that the show is trying to manipulate its audience into crying. Although, crying can be cathartic, it cannot be used as an excuse to be excessively melodramatic.
(All in all, watching it on a weekly basis is definitely preferable over binge-watching.) Watching from the UK and can't believe more people don't know about this little gem. Only two series in, but purchased prime to carry on watching. Great actor's and many stand out performances. This show is so intentional and written from a wholistic heart standpoint. Joy, sorrow, human struggle, and relationships. It is so refreshing to be immersed in a show that is always revealing something new about the characters and what they have walked through to become who they are. It feels so authentic and genuine. It's the kind of show I would scoff at and not wtch, yet somehow it makes me smile and cry like nothing else. I love this show and makes me feel my humanity. Please watch it. It's nutrition for your soul. Simply the best!!
I love This Is Us
I love Kate ( Chrissy Metz) for me Kate is the main character because her story is the best of the series, which brings more emotion ... also could not be for less, we have Chrissy Metz in the cast, wonderful woman, our queen !! The story about three 36 year old adults in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is quite unique and touching. Kevin and Kate are the surviving siblings whose third sibling died during their childbirth. Their African American brother Randall was abandoned and brought to the hospital on the night of their birth. Their parents adopted them and raised them in 1980s. The series is going to go back and forth as they grew up. Jack and Rebecca were young and devoted parents. I now understand why Justin Hartley left daytime because this series is stellar and successful. He plays attractive Kevin, a bachelor and successful actor who returns home. His sister Kate is overweight or obese in actuality. Weight issues are often ignored by shows. Her boyfriend Toby is also heavy as well. By watching flashbacks, Kate has been struggling with it her whole life. The show is done intelligently. Yes; I saw all the whining that this is "formulaic" and it's "just like..." But guess what? The reason why GREAT shows often use some of the same devices is that humans are not that different. If you use a formula that works once, it's likely to work again. NOTHING wrong with that. The trick is: even if you use the same ingredients, putting a TV show together is certainly an art, just like cooking. Only a master chef will be able to make a preparation tasty to the widest base of tasters. That's what we have here in this show. Brilliant and talented actors, beautiful sets, heart- warming premise-these are all wonderful ingredients, but the directors and producers must be genius to bring it all together to make a show awesome, and that has ABSOLUTELY been done here. Bravo. It's not often that a show hits all the notes with such fine precision, but this one not only meets, but exceeds expectations consistently each week. Keep up the great work. It is awesome to finally have a show that has real characters that people can relate to. The cast is PERFECT for this show and I Love Mandy Moore and Milo Ventimiglia together. I love how Gerald McRaney's character folds into their story. Chrissy Metz and Chris Sullivan characters work so well together. I think everyone should have a "Toby" in their life. Sterling K. Brown and Ron Cephas Jones play their roles so convincingly and involve so many emotions. It really pulls on your heart strings. Chrissy Metz and Justin Hartley... Wow!! I am so excited to see where the story lines go as I am already hooked on where they have gone so far. Terrific writing and love how the relationships are developing and are intertwined! It has been a long time since I have been hooked on a show from the very first episode. Finally, something I can get excited about on TV. I am so in Love with this show and I hope that it will remain. You gotta watch it! I totally binge-watched this series: started on a Saturday afternoon and was done by Sunday evening. So the first thing to say about it is that it IS binge-worthy and that the overall experience is gratifying. I also cried A LOT.<br/><br/>The Pilot episode is excellent. Perfectly paced, with a great ending, where everything magically falls into place.<br/><br/>The whole first season is well-made. It doesn't have any major ups and downs, so I'd say it's a pretty solid season (18 episodes). Towards the end, one of the story-lines (Randall-William) dominates the plot and it is the one that delivers the season's climax, also coming to a full circle. The other story-lines have some flaws: Kevin and Kate's trajectories have a few too many back-n-forths, as if the writers are not too sure what to do with them, whereas Jack and Rebecca's story is dragged a bit past its natural ending point, clearly because it had to continue for a second season.<br/><br/>The overall feel of the series, as I said in my title, is a cross between Shonda Rhimes' style (Grey's Anatomy) and Jill Soloway's style (Six Ft Under, Transparent). Maybe there's other family drama series that are more comparable to "This is Us", but since I am not too familiar with other series of the genre, my impression is that it combines features from the aforementioned creators: <br/><br/><ul><li>It made me cry in nearly every episode, appealing directly to my emotions. This only ever happens to me with Grey's Anatomy, which has always been my "guilty pleasure". This means that the series is sentimental, not in a bad way (not melodramatic, that is), but it does place more emphasis on emotion rather than intellectual intricacy.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>It shares the dark humor and quirkiness of Six Feet Under and Transparent to some extent, although in a much more family-friendly/watered-down way. It touches upon the popular 'dysfunctional family' theme, although it likes to emphasise how the described families are probably as loving and close-knit as they come.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>It's a little bit on the soapy side, but it is rescued by its humor, originality, and authenticity of emotions, as well as some great performances (I'm not too keen on Milo Ventimiglia and Mandy Moore as Jack and Rebecca, but I like everyone else, especially Sterling K. Brown, Susan Kelechi Watson, and Ron Cephas Jones as Randall, Beth, and William).</li></ul><br/><br/>One last thing to say about the characters: although they are by no means one-dimensional, it is very interesting how they are all very good people. I assume it is done on purpose and I find it quite interesting how none of the characters are even average on the scale of niceness, they're all just super super nice and really loving and generous, despite everyone of them having to fight their own demons.<br/><br/>I'm looking forward to seeing where this is going next and how the characters are going to develop, despite some reservations that I have going into season #2, especially when it comes to dragged-out story-lines (and maybe slightly forced, e.g. the new Sophie arc, which kinda came out of nowhere). When I first saw the show, I instantly fell for it and I still feel the same. I hadn't seen such a show in years, it captivates you... The love between Jack and Rebecca, the up-bringing of three unique children and all of them trying to get through their own emotional baggage...<br/><br/>Generally, I've seen myself in them, I've been shocked at the end of an episode and surprised, I've cried and smiled again & again... It's just beautiful and heart warming. I can't wait for the next season<br/><br/>I JUST LOVE IT!!!! Disgusting, sleezy, pro-natalist, pro-capitalist propaganda. This is my favorite show, however this season is very disappointing. Something is different and missing I don't know what! The writers lost it.
S.4 E.11 Is the worst I have ever seen hated it, very boring over drama and solely focused on Randell, I like his character, but after this episode I don't wanna see him anymore that is enough with his drama and attention it made me sick.
Get your act together and don't ruin my favorite show! Beautifully and cleverly written- cannot recommend enough. Very warming to watch. Characters are brilliant and each series is absorbing- I can't get enough! Synopsis. We're introduced to these two 20-something black males who are very gay, married, and wear dreadlocks. They decide they want to adopt a WHITE baby girl for a daughter. You know, Modern Family-style! Somehow, out in California, they manage. Now they get to change that little blond-haired Barbie doll's diapers and everything. Now gather up your writers and crank out those story lines. I'll tune in every week to see that. Best serie ever. Will stay forever engraved in my heart! You gotta watch it unless you wanna miss one of the best story ever written. I can't say how much I love it in the words :'))
At the first 'friends' was my favorite series but noww I love "this is us" more than anything !
I laughed with This is us , I cried , I learned a lot of things from this is us and now I have a lot of memories with it .
I love every single minute of THIS IS US and I love every single character of it I didn't like the idea that they're bringing too many scenes from the past in Vietnam Ten years ago, I stumbled upon a T.V. series whose title I initially had no idea as to what it was about. Breaking Bad? I thought....what the hell does that even mean? About 3 shows in however, I was hooked...totally hooked, and it has remained the greatest T.V. show I have ever seen, flawless in every aspect, from the acting, to the direction, but mostly, the story itself, the narrative and the way that that narrative juggled both our expectations and our realisations. It was as close to perfect as any show could be, and although I've watched a hell of a lot of T.V. shows since over the last ten years, nothing has ever really come close...until now!
I haven't written a review for IMDB in years, but I feel compelled to now. This show is just....it's just...well, it's as perfect as any show can be. The cast are simply wonderful in their roles, and bond together so organically that it's hard to imagine them leaving each other at the end of a days filming. The acting is sublime, the direction faultless, but the real star of this show for me isn't the writing, (which is in itself, simply incredible) but the structure. The way it takes us back and forth, in and out of each character's life, whilst simultaneously remaining linear in its narrative progression, is simply astounding.
No other show has EVER made me FEEL like this one does. It is the most emotive experience you could possibly wish for. I'm laughing hard one minute, and almost sobbing the next. It's constantly surprising, almost shocking in places, nearly every episode has a twist that although you almost saw coming, you're just too invested in their lives at this point to think about until it happens. If this was any other show, I would say that it's a case of patience being rewarded, but with this it's different; the little twists and turns, the signposts that you look at but don't see, appear as little bonuses, rather than any kind of fully-fledged significant events in the story. The way that the writing sometimes misleads us and our expectations is absolutely superb, I have finished many an episode shaking my head in disbelief and saying 'wow'.
The soundtrack too, accompanies the storyline with a relevancy that astonishes. I'm half way through the second season and I've had to start pacing myself, rationing the episodes almost, so as to not finish it too quickly. It is quite simply the most emotive, heart-warming and emotionally intelligent show I've ever seen. It's perfection....almost genius! I love this series....having said that....I have a major critique!<br/><br/>Vietnam Episode......would it really have been that difficult to put the actors in the correct uniforms?
It is so difficult to watch Veitnam soldiers who should be in OD Green fatigues, in modern BDUs. The Vietnam era uniforms fit much more closely to the body....and did not have all the pockets of the modern uniforms. Sigh....it is less "believable" because I know the difference.<br/><br/>More importantly.....These soldiers have been consistently disrespected and ignored, this another example of the lack of respect for them. Bad choice. Usually.<br/><br/>But the most recent episode...<br/><br/>"Kevin, the clerk. She was racist."<br/><br/>"What did she say?"<br/><br/>"She didn't say anything. She didn't know we were together, and she was short with me because she didn't like a black person invading a white person's space."<br/><br/>That's a lot of assumptions. Does Zoe read minds?<br/><br/>"The reason I need the pillowcase is so my hair doesn't dry out."<br/><br/>Is this a massive racial thing? I need a fan on me constantly because I'm post-menopausal and I have leukemia. My husband won't wear long sleeves because he doesn't like the feeling on his arms. My son won't eat apples or ice cream because they hurt his teeth. Everybody is different. Stop making yourself so "special", and stop hating everyone that doesn't inherently know your particular high maintenance crap.<br/><br/>You want to be accepted and treated equal. Really? Or do you want to be treated special?<br/><br/>Almost done with this. What started out as wonderful and heartwarming is starting to get old and stinky Wasn't sure what to expect as I never read any synopsis as I find 9/10 they either tell you the whole story before viewing or a disjointed view .
I have to say this was a breath of fresh air a very uplifting feel good show,that covers families,relationships and life warts and all.
The script is superbly written as it tells the characters stories intermixing the past and present allowing you small peeks into their individual journey. A strong cast makes this a must watch and in my top ten of choices
You will be able to relate to each character and as you do travel the emotional journey of their life .i am halfway through second series and felt the need to revise my review and score as much as I still enjoy the show I have found that there is too many repetitive scenes that I don't feel is necessary and in fact spoils the story as well as on occasions confuses as to where in the story you are as the characters in their 20+ look much the same as 30+.hence my revised score to an eight
Ok so into season 3 and there is good and bad ,good is the acting remains good bad is the continual back tracking in story there are scenes I could repeat word for word I have seen them that many times, seems when you die in this series you don't need to worry as you will still be seen in many scenes forever more! Getting bored of it now! I am very emotional when I watched this is us.Is an amazing story about a family , I love the story , the casting , all the set , the writers and the soundtrack in every single episode.I am waiting the 3 season so bad, well done! I don't think This Is Us is terrible, but I don't understand the worshipping this show gets from its fans. It reminds me of all the sentimental moments from Friday night lights and Parenthood all crammed into a new family but it lacks the same heart and soul the other shows had. The adopted son and Milo steal the show and the rest of the actors are just struggling to hold their own. I think it's a show worth checking out, but it's absolutely not the best family drama of the last decade and not the best thing on television now. Formulaic or original, bottom line is that is a show that delivers a story that we all want to watch, love and be a part of. I am impressed by the cast, acting and editing. Many of the show regulars have a well known history of other shows and even movies, but I don't think most of them have them the opportunity to highlight their skills and capabilities.<br/><br/>Each week a story is delivered that we want to relate too...we desire to know. Hyped or not, its the right story at the right time with a cast that by episode 5 is hitting it's stride and makes you want to tune in next week. A network show that is delivering an exceptional product with a story that just resonates, especially given the contrary stories we read in the news each day.<br/><br/>It may be formulaic and fictional, but I want to believe that so many viewers are watching because they can relate with so many of the characters and the story lines still are so personal. This show is simply amazing. I love everything about this show. From the lessons being taught, the characters, the adversities each individual faces, the flashbacks to reality, the importance of why each hardship took place, and just everything. I definitely got teary-eyed watching every episode because it made me step back and realize how important family is. This show is something that this chaotic world needs to watch and understand. Mandy Moore does a spectacular job at being a young mother and Milo does a wonderful job as well. The story line is just absolutely genius and I will recommend this show to everyone that I know. Definitely a must watch show. Thanks NBC ! The show keeps getting worse and worse each episode. Enough of Randall's ego for gods sake. He is exactly what is wrong with society today - so entitled. I haven't loved a series in a long time, Dexter, Homeland, Six Feet Under... this one is superb, It evokes genuine laughter, tears, thought, and joy. I was hesitant to watch but went ahead and recorded it. I watched the first 3 episodes today and cannot wait for more! Bravo to the writers and the actors. I cannot imagine anyone else in the roles. I have seen most of these actors in other roles over the years; these portrayals are award worthy. They bring the story to life. It's been a while, and although the aforementioned series were great in my opinion, this is different, real, smart, alive. Bravo to all involved. This is heartfelt. And Its not real.. between unlikely success and whatever else doesn't make it relatable. But it is heartfelt. There must be at least a moment in the first season that gives you some flashback to your own upbringing.<br/><br/>Here is a show that really tries its best at tackling the issue of family and it does so in a way that keeps hitting close to home. Its not perfect, but that's why it works. If you get stuck with cheesiness or other such bits that aren't for you, that's fine. Then maybe you're not who this show is made for. Or maybe you are.<br/><br/>This is a show that is soft and malleable, and it handles its characters the same way it handles you. Give yourself up to some unbelievable things and take a shot at enjoying this mess that is messy life. I love Mandy Moore and I was excited to see her in this show. At first, I thought this show was good and alright and I didn't see all the hype about it. But as episodes went on I saw the heart and compassion and energy and love that this show has. All the actors really give their all to their characters and all of the stories flow perfectly. I love this show and it I have teared up at this show and I rarely tear up at anything. This must be one of the most interesting shows of 2016.<br/><br/>Acting, superb. Story, superb. Characters, superb.<br/><br/>A series to watch with your better half, a series to enjoy together on the couch.<br/><br/>Action, none. Humor, dry and subtle. Storyline(s) intriguing and captivating.<br/><br/>I am not going to explain what it is about, as that would instantly spoil it for those who haven't seen the pilot. The Pilot left me wanting more, and going forward I was surprised how they managed leaving me to want more and more. Even now I wonder, will there be a second season and if so, how on earth will they keep this high quality product a high quality product. They did thus far and that's why 8 episodes in I wholeheartedly recommend this show to everybody! Love this show. But chrissy metz makes this show awful The finale is already written and there are only six seasons of this masterpiece in Emmy award winning television writing. Unlike other shows that sit around each week thinking about what's coming next, these guys had a start, know how it ends and everything between is beautifully crafted in flash backs, flash forwards and present day that perfectly connect. Every episode is real and you find yourself all to often identifying with the current situation. It rarely fails to leave me in tears at some point in the show each week. Jack is a husband and father that you find yourself trying to emulate but also find yourself falling short of. My wife will say, " you know, Jack always helps Becca with this" or "Jack would never do that." The characters are easy to invest in and once you do the writers make you feel like you're part of the family, so much so that when new characters are introduced they are almost an invasion into your inner circle. Then you realize, through flashbacks and flash forwards they belong right where the writers put them. I highly recommend checking in on Jack, Rebecca and the kids. If you've never seen the show, great news, we are right at the exact midway point of the series and the next episode doesn't come until January 14th so, plenty of time to catch up. My husband and I never miss watching This Is Us. It's cleverly written and the actors are excellent. I have to say there are very few series on nowadays that I cannot wait to watch. This is one of them. Admittedly I have cried watching almost every episode which really is a testament to the actors who make you feel that you are right in with everything. They cover a range of important issues which I like too. Complete MUST SEE! I like it so does my wife because it Doesn't all only show happy endings... It's really like real life there's good times there's worst times their struggles and there's compromise Well Actually I'm pretty sarcastic person but this is us really sold me wholesomenessðŸ’™thanks for healing some parts of me. I genuinely believe this is as perfect as anyone can create a show. This is us has affected me in I had thought possible for any form of media. While other shows have only got me interested with their premise, this is us will draw you in with a great a great connected story, likeable characters, and moving performances. I strongly recommend it to anyone and think it is more than worthy of its 8 Emmy nominations. I am in love with this show. Oh it makes me cry how beautiful it is. I'm writing this review with welled up eyes and I'm not someone who's moved easily. But this right here is so deep and wonderful. I love Jack's character and dang it really makes me want to grow up to be a father like him. He's just so amazing and perfect. I am a woman and it might sound weird that the character inspires me to want to be a father like him but this character is genuinely that beautiful. It moves me so much. I started watching the first episode and felt really heartwarming. The moments if true happiness, the share joy of pain sometimes, the life you get it. I liked this show a lot. All the characters are so lively with full of emotions. One of my favorite show. :) This is Us is all that soap / telenovelas which they could be, because how successfully extracts so many touching narratives out of a few characters<br/><br/>Brilliantly written, this show smoothly pulls off parallel timelines that follow the same characters throughout different periods of their life. Exactly because of that, it excels in creating an emotional bond with the audience. I don't think any show as made me tear as frequently as this one.<br/><br/>It does have a soap-y side to it, of course, as everything in the life of these characters is riddled with drama and conflict, but the writers have done a wonderful job in making it always very believable and, more importantly, consistent with each character's arch.<br/><br/>The Pilot has to be Top 3 across any genre of TV I have ever seen, because of how heartwarming, touching it is. You are supposed to get familiar with the characters on the first episode, not root from them straight out of the gate, but Dan Fogelman nails that and then some - with a wonderful twist. (PS: I'd recommend die-hard fans of the show to have a read of the pilot's script, a great reminder of how good it is)<br/><br/>I could go on praising the writing, but I must say the actors do put the whole thing together.
Milo Ventimiglia (Jack) and Mandy Moore (Rebecca) are the most enviable couple I have ever seen on screen. They are both incredibly touching and their chemistry is nearly palpable.
K. Sterling Brown (Randall) also stands out and is perhaps the most consistent character of all - the (shockingly) first ever Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama for an African-American suits him perfectly.
Justin Hartley's Kevin gets less praise, but I find him also very convincing in his role as a troubled actor trying to get recognition.<br/><br/>There's no doubt as to why this is a critically acclaimed show.<br/><br/>If you like real-life, relationship-driven dramas (with little to no gimmicks) focused on a few characters that you'll learn to love, then This is Us is a must watch. This show is so well written. I love how it goes from the present to the past to the future. One of the best shows on TV in my opinion. The writing grounds these well-rounded characters is the questions 'what is a father's love' and 'how does one receive love'? Great to see a tv series that doesn't denigrate fatherhood. I love love love this show. Beautiful story lines, love how the family are intertwined from the start. Wonderful script, gorgeous acting. Watch it! Me & my husband started watching this about 1 week ago and have already watched it through most of season 3,this show really tugs at your heartstrings,the cast is fantastic and the relationships between all the characters is a great dynamic,whether it's between the children and parents or the siblings and other relationships in the show,it's absolutely fantastic,we will continue to watch it!!! On and off from season one. I was angry. The whole play stirred me and encouraged me to cling to the world again, to Throb, to heat, to secret love, to love, to quarrel, to cry, to embrace, to depend on, to despair, to break up, to miss, to meet again, to be together. I had decided to become a more distant, mean, lonely person, but it had made me soft, warm, and damp again. While the flash backs & flash forwards can get a bit confusing, this show brings up some issues that we all have encountered in our own families. Love this show so much! A beautiful, heartwarming tale of a family. One of the very rare family dramas which is really dramatic & emotional, yet it doesn't cross the line and become cringy. A must watch for anyone who loves to watch a peaceful romantic, family drama. I do admit that S1 was indeed so good that none of the seasons that come after can compare to it.
But even otherwise, barring S2, this is a phenomenal show. Its about love, family, relationships,memories and friendship. The show is emotional, fresh and intense.<br/><br/>The characters are so beautifully written and crafted with complex layers that all come together.<br/><br/>Rarely is the casting this spot on- From the child actors to the experienced artists, everyone fits the characters so well it's unbelievable.<br/><br/>The performances are good - but Sterling K Brown as adult Randall and the actress who plays Beth Pearson- both stand out.<br/><br/>Beautiful, just beautiful Very rarely do you see a TV series or movie that is perfect in every way. Three seasons in and there is no let up in the awesomeness of this show.<br/><br/>From the casting to their on-screen chemistry, to the topics and themes (depression, racism, grief, coming-of-age) to the set design and pacing, I just cannot fault this series. It will make you laugh, cry, think and reflect in every single episode.<br/><br/>Congratulations to the entire production. This is one of if not the most well written television shows ever created continuous week in and week out the Pull at your heart.
So many aspects of life the good and the bad absolutely incredible with a strong background love. What an amazingly written show, filled with such skilled actors that have developed a deep connection with one another. From the youngest of actors to the eldest, their commitment to their roles is what's been missing from television. This show grabbed my boyfriend's attention while he was playing on his Xbox with huge headphones on! The smallest of details are what I love the most. Great film crew to capture Mandy's tear drop from her eyes, down past her hand where she was rubbing her necklace, last episode of season 1. This show makes you think about your life and of those you love. Everyone has a story that has partially happened and that is still continuing to be written. I was a fan of the show until you showed a watered down version of what most serious ballet studios are like. I was one of those dancers and my training was far more difficult than portrayed. I understand that they want to be PC with the times but if you are going to show accurate times of the show than be accurate. I'm done with this show. It made the struggle that we went through seem trivial, you could've been honest and it would have made a deeper impact but you took the cheesy false path. Yes, nowadays they are more gentle in a dance studio but not then, and screw you for showing it this way. We all know network TV has been cranking out a lot of garbage over the years and this restores my faith in the future of network TV. It's so refreshing to see something score like this. If other networks would take a note from this, we could move back in the right direction and away from all of the reality TV that's out there. The acting is superb, the plot keeps it interesting. It strikes a balance of funny and dramatic. I think it's a show that will be on for many years like Parenthood and it deserves it as of now. The characters are interesting and dynamic rather than flat and boring. Thank you NBC for giving us something we can appreciate for awhile instead of another channel flipper. I watch TV more than movies like most folks these days. The quality and original concepts are baffling. From Sci-FY, Procedural's and Drama. I was not expecting this to be a phenomenal show, and that is an understatement.<br/><br/>The previews seemed OK to me, I will not spoil anything. All I could recall was a couple having kids, a woman dealing with the pain of her weight, and a man finding his adoptive father.<br/><br/>A friend recommended it on Facebook, so I gave it whirl! I'm in love with all characters. From the major to the minor roles all bring their A game! <br/><br/>To see Ken Olin and Dan Fogelman's names in the credits, I went Ahh! That is why this kicks ass! Actors creating, writing and directing a series. It brings it to a completely new and refreshing level on all aspects.<br/><br/>I hope and expect this show to go on. I just know I will see all or several of their names nominated for Golden Globes and Emmy's. <br/><br/>Please watch it!!! This is one of the most frustrating shows I have ever come across. It is infuriating to the point that I had to write this review. Of all things that this show is praised for, the thing that sticks out to me is how badly bad parenting can affect child psychology. The bad parenting stems from the fact that the parents constantly try to shield their children from reality thus making their children emotionally weak adults.<br/><br/>All the characters never come to terms with their emotions and constantly take emotionally driven impractical decisions. From Jack avoiding his father's repeated taunts about his unemployment to Kevin avoiding dealing with most things in life.<br/><br/>All in all the show is in support of people who wish to wallow in their misery and use it to hide their mediocrity. It is a terrible. I love this show. The newest episode was awsome. Randall's whole golf thing was so good. He made it seem as if he didn't golf. Just like Jake said, sometimes you have to play up and sometimes down. Back in the day NBC had a one season masterpiece called "A Year in The Life" which I never thought I would see the day that ANY show could even come close. "This Is Us" is a masterpiece on every possible level; acting, writing and direction. I have never cried so much in my life and not just once or twice but almost EVERY episode. I do not think there is a person alive who can't relate to SOMETHING in this show. A huge round of applause to everyone involved. I refused to watch this for two years. I got sick and put on bed rest for three weeks, and decided why not. Every episode gets me in the feels, and I enjoy that this show captures the modern american family... as well as situations real people deal with. Only thing that kinda annoys me is that randall is forever making things sentimental and pre planning big talks with deja.. its cool he cares but bring it down a few pegs. Not all heart to hearts need extravagant buildup. Anyone who gave this a bad rating clearly doesn't have enough depth of mind. It's the most brilliant writing ever, close to if not better than breaking bad. The beautifully timed way the show peels back layers and creates parallel stories without needing chronological order, every single episode, and slowly unfolds the vision of a seemingly perfect family into a family with a lot of issues just like any other is absolutely outstanding. It adds dimensions of each character one by one, not to mention the impeccable casting in similarities between the actors at different ages in both looks and mannerisms (which also contributes to unbelievable acting all around). It's so good I can't even tell if the child actors copied the adult actors or visa versa, probably both. As with most shows, you need to watch it start to finish (even though it's not in chronological order). You can't just catch a random episode or two and think you've seen enough to have an opinion. This series is powerful, emotional, deep in thought and is a truly heart felt dramatic series that draws its audience in from the very first moment until before you know it, the episode has concluded and you are wiping away tears that have been building up until you cannot hold back anymore.<br/><br/>There is one particular episode from season 2, episode 10, tilted simply "Number Three" which sums up what this series is all about. That being family dynamics that involve reminiscing about our own parents and how we developed into being the adults that we are.<br/><br/>If you have never watched this dramatic television series as Mrs. Shullivan and I have from the very first episode, and you want to gain an appreciation for what dramatic performances should be, then this particular episode (Season 2, episode 10) will clinch it for you and your family.<br/><br/>There are many families (truth be told it is more like most families) who have one or more family members who go through difficult times filled with emotional and difficult life experiences. In this episode Season 2, episode 10, titled "Number Three" it focuses on the young teenage Randall trying to figure out what college he should go to as he is extremely intelligent and has his choice of almost any college including Harvard. His dad Jack agrees to take Randall to a predominantly black college and they discuss Randall's options on the drive home where Randall's feelings about being a black child growing up in a predominantly white neighborhood are explained. Then the episode flips to the adult Randall struggling with keeping his emotions in check while having to let go of his and his wife Beth's foster child Déjà (played by a most compelling actress named Lyric Ross) to her biological troubled mother Shauna. As this extremely emotional scene continues to evolve the music from Cat Steven's 1970 song "Where do the children play" is heard in the background. I believe this scene alone should be enough to win actor Sterling K. Brown (who plays Randall Pearson) an Emmy for best actor in a dramatic series, hands down.<br/><br/>If this series "This Is Us" was extended to a two hour episode each week Mrs. Shullivan and I would be sure to ignore other television shows we would be missing to make sure we did not miss a single minute of this extremely well done series. The two preceding episodes titled "Number One" and "Number Two" focus on the other two Pearson children, namely Kevin Pearson (number one) and Kate Pearson (number two). Congratulations to the series creator Dan Fogelman, and the series writers Dan Fogelma (created by) (54 episodes, 2016-2019), Kay Oyegun (27 episodes, 2016-2017), Aurin Squire (17 episodes, 2016-2017) Jas Waters and the other writers for just a fabulous dramatic series that has warmed our hearts and helps us to listen to others without pre-judging the why? I completed seven episodes of this truly great series and not for a second I felt like taking a break. After end of each episode you fell good like you have experienced some thing different & beautiful and also you will be sad to wait for the next episode. <br/><br/>Plot, direction and character choice is up to the mark. Everything which it offers, you will give full marks. It runs simultaneously between two periods but never any scene looks awkward.<br/><br/>I never thought that watching pure Drama Series will be so exciting. Series runs between two plot; first plot is about parents and second deals with lives of their three children and most importantly, relationship between two brothers. Every episode offers more than enough to keep you extremely engaged for 45 minutes. <br/><br/>Don't miss this awesome series otherwise you will really miss out something important. This Is Us really surprised me in so many ways. Before watching the Pilot, I was honestly expecting 'just another family comedy show', kind of. But ever since the first episode aired, I'm positively and repeatedly surprised and touched by just how beautiful and real this show is- on so many levels. Yes, This Is Us is a dramedy focusing on three families that appear to really have nothing in common, but episode by episode one really learns and loves to learn to look deeper. In a time like this, where TV seems to have reached some sort of quality peak, it doesn't happen too often do find a show that really stands out, especially in a genre like comedy. But This Is Us does pretty much everything right. The storytelling is superb, there's always new bits and pieces one picks up when watching the show, constant new revealings, a perfectly picked cast (really, they all work damned great together) and, as I said earlier, there's this honest and humble approach to it all that, for me, makes it stand out so severely. This Is Us doesn't (need to) rely on heavy special effects, over-dramatization or flat jokes, nor does it try to deliver some sort of big and important political message. It's strapped of all this and by doing so, one can really enjoy the work, thoughts and incredible skills that have been put into all aspects of this show. I find it really rare these days to find a pure gem like this and even more so to get so heavily attached to a show after just a couple of episodes. But, well. Here I am, already wanting This Is Us to never end, ever. What a surprise I got when viewing the first show. The ending revealed that this show was multi-generalist sort of like Parenthood but with a twist. I am not sure that I can explain it so I wont. Just watch it to the very end. The way the writers intertwined the present day with years back demands that you pay attention. If you don't then you will get very confused. The acting is superb, which helps keep you interested. The story starts off as a married couple are about to have triplets. Something terrible happens and you just have to see how its handled. One of the triplets dies during childbirth and what happens next is only the first of many surprises. I love this show and look forward to each week. i will admit i am a straight man and proud to be but this drama keeps me crawling back for more there are so many reasons to fall for this show has it all its hilarious heart felt unpredictable the characters are all very lovable in some way my favorite part of the story is the overweight coupel 'considering the fact that i am overweight too' its going to relate to u in some way on some level no matter who u are or where u come from in the walk of life u will find a reason to relate to and love this beautiful story thats only getting better by the episode and we are only on episode 2 cant wait to see what happens next for our friends in the story here very exciting very heartfelt very real this truly is us I definitely wasn't sold on the synopsis, but the pilot... Gotta say YES!!!! No, seriously, I right down loved that episode! And I have to say that not a lot of pilots get my approval, and hardly any were ever close to bring a tear to my eye, when "This is us"'s did.<br/><br/>So you may ask, why wouldn't I rate higher? The answer is simple: apprehension. What I mean to say is that I'm definitely not sure about the format: add twice as much scenes to the pilot (in which each almost seems to have been shortened, but maybe that's just me..) and you got a GREAT movie!!!! But a TV series? Personally I am a little bit skeptical, or should I say in the uncertainty of what will come next.<br/><br/>I will totally keep watching, at least for the few next episodes, but you've set the bar high! Don't care for the title at all - so forgettable. In fact, each time I begin to spread my excitement about this show I can't remember it, hence I would have never even checked this show out if my company suitemate, whose opinion I greatly trust, hadn't insisted I MUST.<br/><br/>Anyway, the goods: OMG, not a moment - not a second of each episode am I not all eyes wide open, good ear turned in a little, begging for more! And all my Downton-Abbey's-over sadness has been superbly erased - and then some - and replaced with anxious excitement for the January 10 return. Just FYI - I've been so bored with television the last ten years (with the exception of Big Bang and Downton Abbey) that I don't even have cable anymore. And I haven't replaced cable with media subscriptions either. I do have Amazon, but for the free shipping, not the shows. I've also never been compelled to rate a television series. So this is a moment I'm having here. And I use this moment to say......<br/><br/>hear me now, doubters - WATCH IT! OMG! Episode 2 where the kids run to answer the door - WHAT THE??? WHAT??!! (my dog came bursting from underneath the covers at the ready! lol!) How did that happen??! I couldn't breathe waiting for the next episode to start, then the next, then the next..... Good grief, what a fine taste of water after being so thirsty for so long. <br/><br/>January 10, January 10, January 10, January 10, January 10, January 10, January 10 What a refreshing series, as a foster parent I can really relate to the pain of trying to balance keeping the love of the child not born of you and letting them 'see' some of where they came from,, I often would cry over the chance of loosing my foster children when a parent would get better for just a while,,, I always wondered if I was doing the right thing, terrified to loose them and worried, they would resent my decisions,, I was honestly uncomfortable with Kate's weight ( my own problem i know) but the show made me love Kate, and really see what persons with an issue like being significantly overweight have to endure,, we as humans can be so cruel... , i truly am ashamed of my ignorance, I enjoy watching a GOOD family show, no exhausting violence or raunchy sex ,, just good stores!! I also love seeing a family love each other no matter what colour they are, , or where they came from,, <br/><br/>I look forward to watching THis is US, each week Cheers Marilyn I am a man who is not afraid to admit that I have fallen in deep love with this show I need to catch up on episodes but it is a true treasure to watch I have related to the big man and woman so many times I am overweight myself so their story really speaks to me and I love them both but it doesn't matter fat or thin black or white gay or straight you will find some character in the show to relate to,even young kids if mature enough to handle it can relate to situations between the children in the show, I can't wait to catch up on this it's a real charmer not just a,female show as I mentioned I am a man who loves the show and how it speaks to you even sometimes without even trying to you gotta watch it if you haven't already please do i would say about 11 or older can handle the content but be aware that if you're kids are interested and do watch you might have to comfort them during the sad moments of the show but it could also be a relatable lesson for them at the same time use your better judgement on this but it could really help them reach out to you threw the characters enjoy I've NEVER written a review about a TV show. I LOVED Sterling K. Brown as Chris Darden in "The People Vs. OJ Simpson" so I decided to check him out in "This Is Us" I'm not a big TV-watcher so I downloaded the NBC App and I was so intrigued by the first episode that I ended up watching all 3 back to back. Who is the genius that came up with this plot?! I don't think I've ever cried or felt as much emotion from a network TV show as this. Beautifully written, perfectly cast, awesome story line. The dialogue has a real life flow to it that does not "feel" like TV. This is how TV should be done! Bravo NBC for this gem!!! I love the show but I watched it as an electrical contractor and wanted to point out a goof. In episode 11 season 1 I was watching and towards the end future Dad is showing future Mom the new house that he just bought. As they go upstairs they turn a corner and there are some wires hanging out of an electrical box where light switch will be. There are a couple of Goofs here that pertain to the National Electric Code. The color of the wire is yellow which is a very modern change that only happened about 10 years ago. In this saying the children are not born yet which makes it about 30 years ago. During this era wire was an ivory-colored and not bright yellow like it is today.
 The other goof is that that lighting box represents light switches which are 14 gauge and would be white anyway yellow is used for kitchens and bathrooms only typically. <br/><br/>I love the show I just wanted to see if the writers look at this and have a little fun.
It actually comes down to the set dresser who creates the sets and didn't think period about what is and appropriate for era I have been watching this from the begging and I am not afraid to admit I 'a single straight man' have teared up more than once during the 1st season and have kind of grew a crush on kate who is adorable and has attitude I will definitely watch the next season you cant go wrong watching this one even young tweens can relate to it 'the show has kids going threw life's ups and downs as well as adults' and its a perfect older family choice that will leave you wanting more ..they really had it going most of the way pretty good in the pilot episode. There were several sub-plots pushing the believably boundaries, but for the most part they didn't cross-over... and acting overall was solid. Then it came to the first episode ending, and they really didn't do themselves any favors at all (and it really wasn't necessary). Now they've got to work at getting the thinking audience back on track. With that blunder, they dropped a rating notch or two, for it opens the door to a possibility of more of the same, and that could send a good portion of the audience off to the exits. Time will tell, fortunately we don't have to wait long. The first season was epic. Then learning about Jack was interesting. After that... I don't really care about the other characters. There is no interested there and I have since quit watching. Starting with Episode 1, I just had to binge on this series. <br/><br/>It is authentic and addresses the issues many of us face. The intricacies of life and the family dynamics. Most importantly, I especially enjoy the way the characters would say things. Well written! I am sad that I am only discovering this series now.... I've binged it in less than 3 days. <br/><br/>Cant wait for the next one. First off, being from Pittsburgh and watching them go through the hardships I lived through touches deep down feelings that are rooted in my soul. <br/><br/>Second, the acting in this drama is top notch. Every actor does a fantastic job portraying their characters.<br/><br/>Finally, there is a show that is able to match the drama of the premium stations. T.V. needs to step up because of all the services are now turning into networks. This is a great first step. This is one of those TV series that you will always need one more episode.. The amazing thing is that it is just about simple lives.. To create this TV show they didn't need murderers, terrorists or whatever.. they reach the audience by telling different stories in the most exemplary way. Stumbled across this program via the internet. Truly magnificent. Love the way a new insight to the family's history or future is unveiled in almost every episode. An attachment can be made to every character and there is a marvelous mix of comedy and angst. Best TV I've watched in a long while. Hope there's more to come!! NBC's family drama concluded with a few more twists though nothing could match the initial reveal from the first episode. Four people are all having thirty-fourth birthday and are all connected due to a unique set of circumstance. Jack Pearson (Milo Ventimiglia) is not only celebrating his birthday but preparing for his wife Rebecca (Mandy Moore) to have triplets. Randall (Sterling K. Brown) has found his long lost biological father William (Ron Cephas Jones) who is afflicted with stomach cancer. Kevin (Justin Hartley) is a sitcom star wanting to branch out into more serious art. Kate (Chrissy Metz) is struggling with her weight and wants to make a change.<br/><br/>A spoiler, but it is revealed that they are all part of the same family. Randall was adopted when their third baby died in childbirth. The show operates with a present day storyline and series of flashbacks all fitting a particular theme and filling in the characters' past. The show is also effective at endearing characters to viewers, which accounts for its popularity. One character that especially stuck out as hilarious and fun was Kate's boyfriend Toby Damon (Chris Sullivan). He falls for Kate at a support group and pursues her around Los Angeles.<br/><br/>Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com This is the show for people for whom nothing even mildly bad has ever happened so they can wallow in the mediocre miseries of others. But keep in mind that the Pearsons are all incredibly high maintenance and self righteous. There's the Pearsons and then there's everyone else and their petty concerns Laughs, tears. This show does it all. If you are a person who digs the positive vibes, this show is for you. Makes you believe in goodness of everyone. Makes you feel connected with human being in some way. This show has slowely earned its way to become my favorite drame. I don't see any other show changing that anytime soon.<br/><br/>Please watch it. It's gonna be good i promise. Has incredible life lessons. Well connected shots that makes every scene like notes of a piano. The director apparently has the obsession with stitching most of the episodes from different abstract points and connecting them across timelines, relations, locations during the end of each episode. Makes you go awestruck.! Definitely recommended. I can't explain what this show means to me. This is not just a show it's a life. I recommend everyone to watch this This is us..woww. it's actually very much relatable..in every episode we see..something or other just has to be...its so raw and distilled that we connect without any effort..involuntarily. Its really crafted well and the way they had played the timelines of very single characters with the screenplay..i had never ever seen such a beautiful way of story telling and piece of an art and artists. Truly Gold. Dont want to go into who the new characters really are but we now have to believe that the original "this is us" was set more then 20 years ago or are we 20 years into the future?. I'm sure if I go back and look at the previous seasons I will find too many movies goofs that will fill many pages. Cant seem to find any other comments on this time warp Kevin needs to get off the Pity Pot. He is pathetic "Wo is me" HAS gotten old! And a lot of drama between Randall and his wife. So sad. Best and most beautiful drama seriesHe made me laugh and grieve at the same time You can easily connect to this series. Each episode brings tears in your eyes and its so hard hitting and realistic potrayal of a family that has been through so much. Each character is so well created and one can easily relate to this series. This series is going to be the magnum opus of the creator Dan Foggleman in the upcoming years. The music by Siddharth Malhotra is so touching and you can't control your tears when it comes to the music.
This show teaches how one can be the best father, best husband and one of the best person who can do anything to keep his family happy. This show also teaches how family is important than anything else in this world.
Its a must watch series for all and guys please do watch it once you wont regret I loved the story line, the actors and actresses were brilliant.<br/><br/>I was scrolling through Netflix looking for something good to watch and to be honest, the basic description wasn't much but thought I'd give it a go anyway. I was hooked from the very beginning of the first episode and was wowed by the story lines and the characters, they're just so relatable and doesn't make out like they have something unobtainable or some special gift like some of the other shows ðŸ™‚ I thought some of the episodes were beautifully written and played out.<br/><br/>Really looking forward to seeing the next season This series is amazing. I'm 10 episodes in and so hooked! If you haven't watched it yet: just go and check the pilot. That episode set the standard of this quality show. The cast is brilliant. The acting is on point and the story is intriguing. I was looking for a drama series like this for a long, long time. I highly recommend this show for people who don't need a lot of action in the shows they follow, or cliffhangers that'll keep their interest in it high. This is a slowpaced, but brilliant show. One of the besties shows ever... They made me cry a lot haha Almost done with 1st season. I like all the children's story, but their parents are way too perfect, it is so annoying. Like who has that perfect of a relationship. Jack has done like 1 thing wrong in his whole life. I cant stand it. I almost want to stop watching but then I want to know what happens to the rest of them. I want to see how jack dies too. Ugh I am stuck. I remember the first time I got to know about the show. On a TV channel, I came across an ad of Rebecca and Jack's love story, Rebecca giving birth, and the Big Three. This was enough to make me curious about the whole series. I am honestly a very particular person and prefer watching selective shows. This, however, got me. Almost every episode will make you cry, laugh, smile, and most importantly, imprint on your brain forever. The show makes you think about it, it won't get out of your mind. It's everything you expect out of a good television series.<br/><br/>Finally, this is the second show I recommend everyone, first being Breaking Bad. I just gave up on "Party of Five" due to the downhill trajectory the show took on its 5th season and I was really wondering if I was ready to start another family drama. Boy, I wish I had started it earlier. I went in on the pilot not knowing much about the show, I just wanted to watch something new. By the time that first episode was over I knew I had something special in front of me. It only took one episode to make me fall in love and really care about all those characters. That's how good the writing, the directing and the acting are. And of course, that little "twist" in the end was just the cherry on top. What makes this show special is the fact that the characters are real, it's believable and everything is perfectly balanced. There are little bits of perfectly timed comedy and the drama comes in a way and intensity that just makes you care about it, it's inevitable. I'm only on S1E4 right now, but the more I watch it, the more I like it. If it keeps this high level of quality drama, it has the potential to be my favorite show of the decade. This one is brilliant! Amazing writting, great acting, moving and funny. A show that will make your heart melt. Bravo! A great show but in the second series I felt some of the scenes were a bit sugary sweet and cringe worthy. The emotional codependent attachments are sometimes milked a bit to nauseating effect. Apart from that it's great! Every person in this play is respectable and real. Love it!!!!So emotional and speaks in your heart.
Great performances. Loved this show from the first episode, and instantly got hooked. Every episode fills me with so many emotions- it's unbelievable. Never had a show do that. I would recommend it to everyone I know! This show is great! Lots of emotions lots of situations and circumstances. Like a box of chocolates you never know what your going to get I started with first episode and last 5 minutes of that episode made my eyes filled with tears and joy! Each character in the series is full of positive intent and pure thoughts. 
It perfectly shows each stage of life in a knitted series which goes back and forth to increase your anxiety and connect with the characters. Never the less "Jack" is my favourite.
Watch this one for a happy feeling. This show has given me the best time in the darkest hours of my life.<br/><br/>I connect with the show so much that I cry at times, I laugh out loud at times and I even feel bad at times.<br/><br/>This series makes me wanna be a better person in life.<br/><br/>So different than all other series I have been watching yet it amuses me so much.<br/><br/>This is my first ever review for any show/movie but the cast, dialogues and acting of every single person gives me a feel that nobody is trying to act here. It just goes so smooth and beautifully.<br/><br/>I love this show. Kudos people. You know what? I don't even have words good enough to explain how much i love this show. I don't want to give any spoilers, so there's not much to say about the story. If you wanna know what this show is all about, just watch the pilot. Trust me. So far, i think this is the best pilot i have ever seen. If you don't like it, well, then maybe this show is not for you. But if you like it, you WILL LOVE the rest of the season with all your damn heart. Just like i do:) This is a show for all of those who want to take a break from the violence, sex, politics and intrigue that most shows have, and just relax with a very well done family show. Hard to say how many main characters it has, but I can say that they are extremely well developed and you will fall in love with 7 or 8 of them. That must be a record as I've never seen a TV show with so many good characters. That's probably the best about this show. So many great characters with realistic dilemmas, with good and bad in every one. Every situation and dialogue is at least plausible if not realistic. And it's great that it doesn't abuse stereotypes. Kind of progressive, but again, is a very light show, and it won't give you life lessons against racism or gay scenes. Generally speaking it's about family/ies that have good moments and bad moments and have to deal with them. The most similar show I can think of is Parenthood, and I strongly recommend "This is us". I must admit, when I saw the title of this series I thought, here's another hokey drama. Then I watched the pilot and thought, there might be something here. And then I was hooked. The stories are real, as in today. There is no cushioning reality and making it all better. Problems aren't solved in 40 minutes of viewing. It touches on all the normal issues in life and it is raw at times. I write this after watching the mailman tear up about William. Many moments that make you take a step back and adjust your perceptions. There is no happily ever after, you just have to turn the corner and move on. I am hoping the writers can keep this up, I am hooked. Now where's the tissues...I'm gonna miss William. This show is one of the most real, raw and emotional roller coasters I've been on this decade. I can't remember a show even making me feel like this. I think everyone can relate to a character or a problem that has happened. Honestly if you are sick of the same old soap drama or the same old cop plot. Watch this. I cried pretty much every single episode. I absolutely love this series. Such heart warming story lines interwoven so cleverly and beautifully. The acting is brilliant and the lack of offensive content is wonderful and refreshing. So difficult to wait for weekly instalments! Really pleased to hear that more seasons are planned...might actually buy this on DVD it's that good. Wonderful series... So full of live, love, hope, forgiveness, understanding... I am just speechless. It is the best from all that series which are popular today, and I have seen so much of them. This one is really different. Can't wait for season two, to see what will happen with life of those three people, brothers and a sister. I watch a lot of shows. 18 at the moment. And that makes me a big critic. But when I saw the first episode I was hooked. The way they film the show, with all the flashback, is just right. Every episode you get a surprise. And not only a lot of " WHAT??!!!" moments, but also a lot of smiles, laughs and tears.<br/><br/>It just feels so real. The acting is perfect. I sometimes had the feeling I was watching an actual family and not a show. Forgot they are actors. I don't get that a lot.<br/><br/>The character Jack is the guy every girl wants. He is almost that perfect that sometimes it comes of a bit fake. But other then that's, the realness of everything makes me glow.<br/><br/>I am sad that I am looking at episode 14 now, and I know the season is about to end.<br/><br/>Can't wait for season 2 to start . I rarely write reviews but had to for This Is Us. I've been watching TV Shows with various takes on the same theme to fall asleep. As an author, I never considered any of them "good writing." A family member recommended the show saying, "It made me laugh, it made me cry. You've got to see it." Well, we all have different tastes, but to be polite, my daughter and I watched the first episode. Hats off to Fogelman and the three other writers for an amazing script. This show has it all â€“ writing, casting, acting, and directing. They have discreetly and brilliantly incorporated a number of present-day issues into a family drama that goes straight to the viewer's heart. I'm six shows in and still enthralled. So far there are quite a few good points going for this new show.<br/><br/>Interesting structure with the 2 time zones leaves a lot of room for plot development.<br/><br/>Gets you quite involved from the first episode. Doesn't happen often.<br/><br/>Likable cast of characters. In the past a couple having triplets. The 3 siblings in the present are successful African American orphan reunited with biological father, the TV comedy actor having a crisis, his fat twin sister in over eaters anonymous. The actors are quite well cast. Mandy Milo Justin Sterling are all quite good.<br/><br/>The only thing is it seems heavier on the drama than comedy so it shouldn't really be classified as a dramedy or comedy drama. I put off watching this series because I thought it might be an updated version of '30 something.' And it is! Not the 'Big Chill' flavored drama. But close.<br/><br/>Nothing wrong with that, however.<br/><br/>I notice Ken Olin is an executive producer. He must see the similarities, too.<br/><br/>This is one series that has characters that are so good, it's difficult to pick a favorite. This is one series that features an obese person. This is one series that shows Mandy Moore's acting chops. This is one series that has you asking, 'Milo who?' and then finding out all about him because he is so good.<br/><br/>This is one helluva series. After a hard day's work, I came home and wanted to watch something lighthearted. I came across this series and thought "why not?"<br/><br/>This is by far one of the best dramas I have ever watched. The first episode itself was a shocker. The scene I loved the most so far is where the surgeon comforts Jack in the waiting room after he breaks the news that the third child was stillborn. That scene has a little bit of advice for all of us and is one which I will never get tired of watching. <br/><br/>Milo does a FANTASTIC job portraying his character. I am truly amazed. He has come so far in his career and this show truly brings out the fabulous actor that he truly is. He is a brilliant actor. Period.<br/><br/>I am currently on episode 16 of the first season and cannot bring myself to watch the next episode as I feel very emotional after watching most episodes. Especially the one where Randall's biological father dies. I cannot bring myself to learn how Jack dies. I know its coming but I love his character so much, it would be too emotional for me. So currently I am on a break from this TV series. This is how good this series is!<br/><br/>This drama is unlike any other. It manages to touch feelings that you have buried within you that you hope never to revisit again. Trust me, this series will take you on an emotional roller-coaster. Each and every actor and actress is so talented and portray their characters so well. This show will have many more seasons to come. I am so sure of it. No cgi,no violence,no superheros,no villains. NORMAL PEOPLE,of everyday.Great performances,a complex number of personal histories combined in such delicate way,you think the writers were writing this story's since ever. No forced dialogues,no clichÃ©s,the fat girl is not nice all the time and parents suck at their jobs sometimes. Having tree kids its painful and beautiful and marriage can be romantic and stress full. I fell in love with the characters since episode one. After four episodes you feel like a member of the big family,loving them for what they are and not for what they represent. 10 I have watched all 18 episodes and am feeling emotionally moved to the point of tears. This is a beautifully crafted story with amazingly real characters depicted by superb acting. The idea of crossing time to intertwine a story is clever and they pull it off beautifully. Take a character, a baby, a child, a teen and an adult who is the one person and weave a tale where the character relates to the other characters in the same time period but mix up the times in the one episode and you have something new and effective. It is like time evaporates and the story is connected by character and story and themes. The audience is involved more because of this technique. For me to love a show like this it has to be very good as I prefer mysteries and thrillers. I am looking forward to the next season. I live in Ireland and we just got this new program 3 weeks ago, I was captured from the first episode. I wondered about her having the triplets and one dying and then to see in trailer the 3 cribs full with 3 babies. This is by far the best series I have seen on TV and cannot wait for each episode on RTE 2 each Thursday. I also wondered about the smoking in the hospital, but we are on the 3rd episode now and everything is becoming clearer. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. There are no words that can explain how this show makes me feel, it is a unique show that stands out and is different than any show on air. I have teared up soo many times watching this. Every episode from the first one has touched me deeply, its like reading a book and getting really into it that it makes you feel like your part of it. This is one of the best shows I've watched 2016/2017 season. It is a must watch, I promise you will enjoy every minute of it. This 'Comedy' TV series is going to make you cry like a bitch, and of course laugh like an idiot. So beautifully written. And I absolutely adore the cast. <br/><br/>Even if this genre is not your thing, just watch the pilot, okay? I am willing to bet a million dollars that you cannot resist watching ahead!<br/><br/>You are going to relate so much with what is going on in the show. Such an ingenious plot. As someone who has watched way too many series, this series is one of the best of all times. It is something that I might even watch again. And I almost never do that. But each episode made me feel just happy. And I wanna feel all of that again. :D This is my firs review on IMDb , but when i see this show i just must to leave my review. This is definitely one of the best shows I have eve seen. Great story, great characters, excellent acting.<br/><br/>Monologues, dialogues, and all thoughts spoken are simply perfect.This is the life story of family, love, forgiveness, but also a lesson that the family no matter what, is always there. Different TV show, in a good way. So emotional that sometimes you can't stop whit crying. As someone who's seen many new shows this year, both comedy and drama, I can say with absolute certainty, this is the most memorable. And at the end Jack is definitely an example of a husband and a father of the year . This show is so real I've cried a million times. All the characters are brought to life in such a realistic and beautiful way, I cant help but bow down to all the actors in every episode. Its not often you come across a show this good, it literally has everything you could ever dream of in an excellent show. The script is superb, the acting is superb, the cinematography is superb, the directing is superb, the music is superb.<br/><br/>I feel like I'm watching a real family and all their different perspectives of life and you're hooked from episode one.<br/><br/>Watching this show will be the best decision of your life. Where does one start to write a review on this show???<br/><br/>It is outstanding television with writing, story lines and acting at its best! I have laughed and I have cried and I have gasped in shock.<br/><br/>Mandy Moore, Chrissy Metz and especially Susan Kelechi Watson are real stand outs.<br/><br/>My partner thinks it's like Brothers & Sisters (I have noticed Ken Olin's involvement) and I think it's a bit like Parenthood.. maybe it's a mix of the 2 of them. <br/><br/>We are binge watching it now and I'm so happy to see that there are 3 seasons listed on IMDb.<br/><br/>Really not surprised at the reaction and award nominations it has received.<br/><br/>Do yourself a huge favour take some time...<br/><br/>This is (really) Us I never ever wrote a review on here, however, this show is well worth one. It is simple and seems very ordinary at the surface, but, boy, this show shows exactly the synchronicity of life, life itself and the connections between good moments and bad moneys. On the comment board I see the most ridiculous topics about the superficial labeling of the characters that completely bypass the big picture of this amazing show. It gets me emotional every time, and I do not get emotional very easily. It's brilliantly made. As the episodes progress you see the way things are all connected and people in the world are all connected, no matter what background, color, form or profession. It doesn't just say "This is us" it says "We are all one", an absolute wake up call to humanity and a must watch ...IMHO If you had the good fortune to previously have seen the TV series Parenthood (and presumably liked it). This one could be for you, seeing that it is similar in tone and style to Parenthood. <br/><br/>It's equally intelligently written, acted and directed. Equal parts drama mixed with light comedy. Continuously switching story lines between several different characters and/or groups of characters through each individual episode.<br/><br/>The different plots seem true to life (or at least come across as believable). No laugh tracks, or overly sappy music accompanying the scenes. It seems to me to be simply another high quality series, of which there are all too few and far between these days. Gross. You should all be ashamed of your acting careers This may be the best series on TV. Maybe the best EVER! The actors are amazing. The writing is truthful, emotional. It doesn't get any better than this. There are twists that will be disclosed later in the series. Plenty of good stuff to look forward to. It keeps getting better. I'm from Pittsburgh and enjoyed seeing local culture. Correction...this is the BEST series on TV now or EVER! There are a few shows that are worth buying the full season on DVD, this is definitely one of them. If you can watch last seasons shows, you'll understand why everyone is addicted to this show. Amazing cast and story line. Be prepared to laugh, cry and at times, be shocked at twists. My only regret, wish they aired more shows each season. I was surprised by the pilot much like everyone else, and binged this show in just two days. It is beautiful in its simplicity. The characters are interesting, sometimes a bit far fetched, there are plot hole here and there, yet the story and the acting is beautiful for the most part. Plot twists keep this interesting and all in all this is a well written family drama with a wide variety of characters that makes it almost impossible for anyone not to find one to identify with. Every so often, a show comes along that causes us to really think and consider how lucky we are, and really cherish the more important things in life. This is that show, worth all it's weight in gold. This has great writing and surprisingly good actors too, Moore, singer turned actress, for starters. She's one of the only real known of the main cast, who all deliver wonderfully, and wonderfully real, which too, I like this fact, of new talent shining through. They're very believable, where a few Golden Globe nods, are definitely and truly eminent. The show's about two connected families, their lives, ones of drama, angst, regret, relationships, whatever, where they cross paths, and new truths are unearthed. This show really causes the viewer to weigh stuff up. The show tackles real issues, amongst it's characters, one a woman, considerably obese, her younger struggling actor brother, a likable, dying black man, a fragile young black man, an unhappy co actress, who's family turned her back on her, etc. These people have real, everybody problems, where I urge everyone out there, to give this show a viewing. What really impresses me though, is the writing. I haven't seen great potent writing in t.v. drama, like this in a long time. For a viewer to watch an episode of this, and not be affected in some way, is just not feasible. A remarkable show and one of 2017's best, which I hope is around for many episodes to come. A welcoming surprise. This Is Us started out well and I was hooked until midway through the first season when the storyline became repetitive and tediously drawn out. I found myself thinking I couldn't care less what happened to the protagonists in the end. Some great performances by Sterling K Brown and Ron Cephas Jones, but it all got too pedestrian and I gave up before I lost the will to live. A shame because the story could have been great had they wrapped it in one season or around 10 episodes. There is lots of brilliant script writers out there. They do their research, observe patterns, put down in the paper feelings of the commom human being.
I'm impressed for what i've seen in this show. I'm 36 years old, lost my dad early, having my problems with self steem and self trust find out that this show supports me more than my therapy. Sometimes feel frustrated for what i've became in my adulthood. The sum of the worst of all these caracters.
The manner they gather all these problems and create this plot is at least impressive. The first season is one of the best seasons of all series i've watched all my life.
Haters gonna hate, is what they do. I just started watching This Is Us, and am still on the first season, I know its way too early to write a review but I have to.
Let me just give you a little background to what kind of shows I like. My all time favorite SitCom is How I Met Your Mother, so no I am not the person who just blindly claims that FRIENDS is the best cause others feel like it (and yes, I have watched The Office too, and its second in my list). I need story, and emotion and laughs. Not just humor and repetitive episodes. Ive watched so many SitComs and nothing has beat How I Met Your Mother, but I have a feeling this show might just be it.
The Pilot got me hooked. You cant call this show a funny show, or a good show or whatever. There is just one word that describes this show for me so far and that word is: BEAUTIFUL. And Ive never called a show beautiful because they simply weren't. This show hits you in the feels, makes you laugh, teaches you life lessons, shows you how the world is, what isnt to love about this show?! I know, I know, you're probably wondering that Im stupid to even review a show this early, but as I said. I had to. This show just pushes you to. And the fact that very few people actually know about this show is just disappointing.
As of the rating and my review, I'll make sure I update it as I go along, and Im pretty sure that'll happen soon cause this show is honestly binge worthy.
As of now, all I can say is GO AND WATCH THIS SHOW! This show is able to make you laugh in joy, sob, and smile every single episode! great actors, deserves 10/10 There are a handful of series that will always be 10 for me, because they tried their best to be realistic, humane, proposing solutions and showing the beauty and potential beauty that lies inside of us. I enjoyed almost all episodes up to the S01E17 now, full of meaning, not the typical Hollywood BS, but honest and brutally honest sometimes in every way, and driven by Love in the core, so educationally heartfelt and emotionally wise for people, not only entertainment, but a true family story, I needed it so badly, Thank you So Much, helps me be emotionally and intellectually smart and see my shortcomings and amends I need to do; Finally a series that I beautiful in every way, S01E16 Memphis oh, it killed me, at the end I cried hard, while watching the episode was a river from my eyes: so deep, so meaningful, so true This Is Us is such an amazing show which will bring you both tears of joy and sadness in the same scene. All characters are extremely different from each other yet they all have an impressive developing arc which gets deeper and deeper as the series continues, portrayed by a remarkable cast. The trama is an emotional journey about family which gets you so involved in the story as in one aspect or another it is very relatable. The pilot is great but it is not the best episode of the show, however you can tell if the series is for you as this episode alone is an extraordinary introduction of what is to come. This is my favorite series that is in the air now, dealing with real and serious topics and the importance of family in each one of them. Seriously recommend it as it is for every type viewer to enjoy, being outstanding in every aspect. I have never written a review before for a TV show. This show is so incredible. The story and it's messages are poignant and powerful. The way it is shot and put together is beautiful and clever and amazing. I highly recommend it to anyone I am absolutely blown away at how good this show is! It's definitely a emotional rollercoaster, but so worth the ride.
Everyone plays their parts exceptionally and I have been gripped since I started episode 1
Such an amazing family, even with all their quirks that at points you could slap them silly for. It's very real, things that happen to them, could very easily happen in real life.
I still cannot believe he goes back into that house for the damn dog (I love dogs as well) I was screaming at the TV set when he did that, and could actually imagine my own Husband doing that for our Daughter, oh man, the effects Daughters have on their Fathers!!
Such a tragic part of the story!
But...all the way through even season 1, you know it's coming at some point.
This is gonna be one of my favorite shows, and that's down to everyone that's in it I have really loved most of this series. Now my husband says "Let's just watch it and get it over with" every week. It's got great writing, actors and rich, textured characters. But it has become an emotional suck! Most of the episodes this season are stressful, grim and foreboding. Loved it, just NO MORE ðŸ˜¢ BYE I was rather apprehensive about watching a show that was consistently promoted by one of the three big networks. It felt forced and at some times crammed down my throat. From the previews and what I did understand about the show it did not fit any genre I was interested in. But I decided to go against my gut feeling and watch at least one episode. That is all it took before I was hooked like so many are.
There is no need to tell you how much I loathe this show. While I am still only in the second season there is enough content to get the message across. My childhood was a polar opposite of what was portrayed in this show. But I do believe this is what makes the show so appealing to many. Our world is in so much pain that we love to see someone whom share similar characteristics succeed. I already consider myself a good man. But after watching this show I am striving to be a great man. Without a doubt, one of the greatest shows about picking yourself up at different stages in your life regardless of what is thrown at you. Don't be defined by what you think you can't change. Be the change! What can I say !! Have been hooked and can't seem to find anything else as good as this .<br/><br/>Well, few things that I have trouble accepting .. here we go
<ul><li>Beth's anger in the last episode wasn't very convincing . The strong relationship they have had since beginning , this fight was nothing to justify sleeping on couch . Maybe they are building for future fights but it wasn't very good</li><li>how does Randall have money to support his campaign ?</li><li>Kate has been the most selfish character ever .</li><li>Toby is my darling .</li><li>Kevin has redeemed himself in last few episodes</li><li>Rebecca seems to " know all" . It is kind of put off earlier, but they have stopped doing it as often .</li><li>what can I say about Jack! He is impossible love Goals "</li></ul> A lot of repetition of scenes. Nice series but did get a bit boring with all the repetition of scenes. But a pretty realistic reflection of what family life is all about, the good the terrible and the tragic. I highly suggest that every couple watch this tv series,because it is soo heartwarming,presents such an ideal married couple in a authetical way with a lot of ups and downs.
I loveeeeed a lot the part where the kids are little and you get to witness the struggles they face and most importantly how hard it gets sometimes..
I don't loved that much the part where they are all grown up..it's not bad but..surely needs improvment.. And i dislike the actress playing Kate, such a poor choice..
Overall,it is great . I cried a lot..and i am dying waiting for season 3. This tv show is on par with Game of Thrones for me. This show is made for your heart people. It makes you learn things about people, makes you learn things about yourself and moreover it helps you become better.
I absolutely love this Tv show. Jack Pearson has made it almost IMPOSSIBLE to be a great man ...He is perfect and an amazing role model. His small character flaw due to hereditary propensity to be addicted to alcohol pales with the rest f his many great qualities.
Sometimes I find myself asking myself "what would Jack do?"
My compliments to the exceptional writers for there never-ending wit and sense of reality they instill in every episode .
All characters are great , complex empathic and touching. Not an episode goes by without drawing tears of laughter ,sadness and a general good feeling about life.
I have seen many shows and in my 50 years on this planet I have yet to see a better show on TV.
My humble opinion .
I hope this show runs for as long as .... This show has proven me so wrong when I wondered if we will ever get a great TV show which is pure family drama with such a great quality of script, actors and pace. <br/><br/>I must admit I am an avid fan of BSG, House, Hannibal, Banshee, Spartacus and Narcos, which are all completely different genres and set new standards of movie making. "This is US" is now added to this list for touching the heights of its own genre.<br/><br/>The selection of soundtracks is superb, the background score is made so incredible that it has become the essential part of this show.<br/><br/>In the end, this is the type of TV show which become part of our lives because we learn from them. The mistakes we made as parent or as a child, we or someone else will not repeat them because of such TV shows. There is an upside to every pain in life, the time proves itself to be the best teacher and healer.<br/><br/>Patience and thankfullness is the only way to make this world a better place for us and everyone else. It is the only show that do not represent American materialism but promote the family values in its true sense.<br/><br/>Must watch everyone. You will be thankful for your whole life.<br/><br/>Happy watching. THIS IS US. This has bothered me from the beginning. They supposedly live in Pittsburgh. I am a Pittsburgh native, and it appears that the writers have confused Pittsburgh with Philadelphia. One simply can't get from Pittsburgh to New Jersey in an hour or two. One can't get from Pittsburgh to Connecticut (Thanksgiving show) in less than 10 hours. People in Pittsburgh rarely go to the Poconos--it's too far. This to me is the only flaw in this great show. I have seen a lot of TV series in the past decade, from crime to drama, from scifi to mystery, from highly rated to underground.<br/><br/>This Is Us is the only one (along Breaking Bad) that i simply can't wait for the new episode every week.<br/><br/>The acting is simply awesome, the stories are excellent, tight and many times you think that this family is so familiar, that you forget that this is just a TV series. <br/><br/>Although all stories are very good, Jack and Kevin are my favorite characters by far. Both of them provide the acting of their lifetime.<br/><br/>Having a family of my own, watching "This Is Us" makes me even more emotional with my family, and this is something i have not felt with any other series (perhaps only certain movies have managed to get me in tears!).<br/><br/>If you are a bit emotional, beware, the tears are right in the corner! This show is everything! So raw and beautiful. I'm completely obsessed and can't get enough of it. It is just about what life really is - sad and beautiful at the same time. I think that almost everyone can relate to this show so much. It teaches you so much and it just shows you how you should look at life. I'm beyond excited for season 2 and I sure hope for many others to come as well. This is such a great show. The characters are so real. There is not a lot of profanity or nudity in it, which I find refreshing. I really look forward to watching the show every week. I was so disappointed that the show made the decision to make the father bisexual. Why does the gay agenda always have to be stuck in our face on every new show? It really put a damper on the show to me and my family. I prefer to educate my family on sexual choices. I am not homophobic but I prefer not to see that lifestyle. If only 3% of the population is gay, according to LBGT statistics, why do you offend 97% of your audience to placate 3%. If it gets much more involved I will have to stop watching. This is such a amazing show and definitely something special and new. The show follows the lives of 3 siblings all born the same day, in the present and the lives of their parents (their childhood) in the past. Each sibling is dealing with their own personal issue. As the show goes on, you learn many new aspects of each character. The way it's written there are so many twists and turns, it keeps you wanting more. It's real, heart felt, funny, and serious. I love that it's so far from typical, it's not your typical family show, with the typical characters. I also love that it tackles issues like: obesity, race, drugs, parenting, sibling relationships, relationship issues. I find it great to see a show that has characters struggling with weight and not making a joke of it, and featuring a black family, without making un-tasteful black jokes or doing stereotypical black characters. "This Is Us" is a gimmicky but affecting series with a strong time-shifting plot that delivers at least one big reveal in each of the first few episodes. Creator Dan Fogelman and his crew have a shrewd sense of how much basic info they can hold back for the sake of future surprises without letting things get too confusing, though after seven episodes the pilot's spooky-fantasy vibe's starting to settle into the more predictable rhythms of a family drama like "Parenthood" or "Brothers and Sisters." <br/><br/>That's not really a problem though, since the three main characters are quite intriguingâ€”a discontented sitcom star, his morbidly obese twin sister and a wealthy derivatives trader. We first meet them as squalling newborns, c. 1980, then again as adults in the present day, with flashbacks filling in the intervening decades (only the first two so far). The child-is-father-to-the-man (or woman) stuff is quite involving, and the cast is first rate. <br/><br/>The weather derivatives guy (Sterling K. Brown) gets the best backstory; present-day Mandy Moore rocks those black-rimmed glasses like Sally Field in "Brothers and Sisters," and Susan Kelechi Watson (she was Louie's rarely seen ex-wife) is fabulous. We haven't watched much network TV since "The Good Wife" packed it in; this one's suspenseful and schmunny, as Larry David might say (= schmaltzy + funny?), definitely worth a look. See the thing is my review is more of a warning for the people who are looking for just mood lighting show in the middle of exams or something. This show has the most beautiful storyline and somhow I cant stop my self from smiling while watching this show. Each and every episode has life in it....m in the middle of exams and now m feeling sorry...,like why the hell I started this show. M not able to study I keep thinking about this show... all jokes apart I really love the show...and I think this is one of the most awesom show we have in 2k16.. I rated this show 9 because I just watched 4 episode and m sure this show got a lot to offer...and btw this was my first review hope you all like it. People love to hate on this show, but it's real. Life isn't perfect, bad things happen, but good things happen also. This show reflects on a lot of different issues that families, as well as individuals, face in their daily lives. It's one of the only shows I look forward to every week! This is a show which I wasn't expecting much from but is absolutely outstanding. It's emotional and will have you in tears throughout. Can't praise this show enough. A must watch for anyone with a heart Heartbreaking, dramatic, realistic tv show, touched me deep down! Perfect! Good storyline. Heartwarming show worth binge watching. Beautiful stories . This is the first time I'm rating something and this series deserves the ratings for sure!! Perfect casting!! Perfect story line! Fell in love with all the characters!! Especially Jack and Tobe ..! ðŸ’¯ Very rarely watch a show that makes you feel good after watching it. So very heartwarming, skipping between time periods it feels like you're in it yourself. Super lovely. I wish I understood how you can be so confident and so amazing. I want that for myself but you pull it off with such confidence and ease: I love you and thank you Everyone cast are amazing, but Milo and Sterling are both absolutely outstanding in this series! I wasn't sure I would like the series when I first watched it, but by episode 2 of season 1 I was hooked. The people complaining about the "unnecessary" "constant" drama clearly have a perfect life. ðŸ™„ I found Kate and the baby storyline very realistic and incredibly sad, but loved it! I lost my baby girl at 24 weeks last year and this story hit home for me. It triggered a good cry missing the fact I didn't get to bring my daughter home when Kate brought the baby home. I also have family members who have struggled with alcoholism and Kevin's story is very realistic as well. Randall and Beth's story sounds very similar to a few people I know. Why people are saying it's "too much drama" I won't ever understand. Life is full of drama. Get over it. This series gets better and better. I've seen many tv series over the years (I'm over 70) and I think this is the best written and acted program I've ever seen. It pulls you in, is realistic and really special. When me and my wife sat down to watch the first episode, we said let's give it a go, my wife said "if it's crap we'll turn it off!" Well at the end of that one episode we were hooked!!
It's quite simply one of the best shows ever. We laugh and we cry (a lot) at the Pearson family. It is just brilliant. This show is so impowering and it shows how life can be so tuff, but how to deal with it and be strong for each other. I'm basically bawling my eyes out after each episode. 100% recommended watching every single week!ðŸ˜­ I've seen 6 episodes in 2 days.what an awesome show.the actors are all so amazing that you won't ever feel like its a show.its all just so real that you'll laugh for them and you'll cry for them.i am already so hooked to the show and its characters.
This is a must watch and it should definitely get all the attention that it deserves.its gonna be legendary, that's all I'm gonna say! It's been awhile since I cried, this show brought tears to my eyes almost every episode. I loved the story telling going through past and present, some might not. The script is wonderful and the acting is really good. There is a lot of kindness in this show, thing one would love to bring to it's own life to make earth a better place to live in. I'm on season 2 of this amazing series and i cannot fault one episode... The thing that i cannot get over though is how seamless they made the flashbacks.. And Miguel and Rebecca transformations, mostly Rebecca.. i notice myself believing that the old Rebecca is the real one.. thats how good they made it.. Mandy Moore is absolutely brilliant in doing the transition.. there is something older and wiser to her eyes, the way she carries herself when she is portraying current day Rebecca.. is unbelievably good.. Cannot get enough of this.. Greys anatomy ( one of my favorites) came out last night and my only thought today was to get home to watch This is Us! Fantastic! It is hard to find genuine, relatable work in Hollywood today. Most movies and television shows have ridiculously abstract scenarios that are written and created for the sole purpose of entertainment. However, in no way is that the case for "This is Us."
This show is a wild mix of raw emotion. "This is Us" tells you the history of the Pearson family, but there's a twist. During the length of each episode, you are following more than one story from more than one period of time. There are flashbacks of the early stages of Jack and Rebecca Pearson's love story, the birth of their children Kate and Kevin, and the adoption of Randall their other son. As you follow the Pearson children in their struggling adult lives, moments from either their childhood days or teenage years are shown, as well. The characters deal with real, human issues such as mental illness, insecurity, substance abuse, alcoholism, and death. As I am watching these characters I love so much, I find myself making connections. I can relate to their many different kinds of pain. I become so engulfed in the content of the episode I'm watching that it sometimes brings me to tears. There are also countless moments of surprise and mystery, a lot of open ends that leave me counting down the seconds until the next episode is released. 
There is no other show that can make me feel such a wide-range of emotions all at once. "This is Us" is an incredibly beautiful story of family, love, and soul crushing pain. I wish there was more raw and genuine television like it. It's heart warming, tear jerkin, gut wrenching and impulsively the most compassionate series ever created. Me ha encantado. Es divertida, tierna, los personajes son estupendos, especialmente el de Jack. I have only watched the first season of This Is Us, and there was a lot to like about it. The structure of the episodes is engaging and the flashbacks are used in clever ways. The acting is good, with fairly good representation of POC that doesn't stick to all the usual stereotypes. Themes of belonging, grief, love and difficult issues around adoption and racial differences are explored, mostly effectively. There are, however some aspects of This Is Us which I think missed the mark. <br/><br/>Firstly, This Is Us has been praised for its portrayal of Kate, played by actor Chrissy Metz. In a time where body acceptance and self-love movements are growing, despite having to fight against the continued stigmas present in Western society, I don't think This Is Us does much to add positively to this arena. Chrissy Metz is a really wonderful actor, one of the strongest in the show, but her character is almost completely based around her weight. We could applaud Hollywood for casting Metz in the first place, but what I really want to see is a confident, passionate woman with a complex character and interesting story arc, who also happens to be bigger than what Hollywood would lead us to believe is the norm. This Is Us didn't offer that. At least not in the first season. <br/><br/>Lastly, I can't help but worry about the men in This Is Us, and I think the first season perpetuates some harmful stereotypes about men and romance. Jack Pearson, played by Milo Ventimiglia is by far the most lovely man on the show. He is loving, affectionate, communicative (mostly, although he does lie to his wife about borrowing money), and obviously cares deeply for his family. He also calls out some of his colleague's gross behaviour. Two of the other men in the show do not present such upstanding role models, but they are written as if they do. <br/><br/>Kate's partner/fiance manipulates her, turns up unannounced at her home and at a family gathering halfway across the country (even though they were broken up at the time), follows her to a weight loss camp which she wanted to attend alone, doesn't respect the changes she is making in her life or the traditions she holds dear. Sure, Kate is shown to be initially outraged. She yells at him and reiterates her wishes (usually telling him he should leave), but in the end his disrespectful behaviour is shown to be a positive, and eventually she always relents and decides that his stalking is a sign of love. What a bunch of rubbish. Hollywood needs to stop showing us that ignoring women's explicit wishes is a sign of true love. Kate's brother, Kevin (played by Justin Hartley) displays similar behaviour. He somehow finds out where his ex-wife (of more than a decade) lives, shows up and then emotionally blackmails her into meeting with him and listening to his pathetic tale of woe (spoilers, he's a cheater and a liar, surprise surprise). <br/><br/>In summary, This Is Us has a lot going for it. But unless the next couple of seasons give Kate a real life, and maybe kill off the stalkers, I'm not interested in watching any more. Always loved Parenthood but this is an excellent show that is well written and even better acted.. If anything it does, apart from stirring your emotions, it makes you embrace this big, fat and beautiful life. It tells you that it's okay to take losses, it's okay to be vulnerable, sad and even dysfunctional at times, It's okay to be ill or dying, it's okay to be in a shock, as long as you have that love in your heart, it's okay. This show makes you believe in the good that is out there in the society. This show is a comfort.
I love how they wrapped up the second season with another great shift. The storyline that focused mainly on Jack for two seasons gradually shifts to his children by the end. And the end leaves you sad and happy at the same time.
This show reminds you of the people you've loved, the people you've lost, the people you've forgotten and the people who have always been there for you. This show makes you feel grateful. This show tells you that it's okay to be different. My heart goes to all the beautiful people who have been working so hard to bring this piece of art to us. Where do I even begin? This show is simply amazing. I love it. I love so much about it. At first, I was extremely skeptical. I am unsure of why that was, but I am glad that I could get into the show very quickly. By the end of the first episode, I was attached. <br/><br/>Since then, I have never felt so attached to an ensemble of characters like I do in "This Is Us." Every episode peels back only a few details about each of the characters, but leaves just enough to keep you wondering and wanting to know more. <br/><br/>The show also has a lovely score. It adds to the emotional appeal of the show without being manipulative or trite. Aside from the show's score, the other musical selections are also rather good. I love them and they make for songs that you can become emotionally attached to. <br/><br/>At times, I must admit that the acting is not the best, as some of the supporting cast is not giving their all and it is certainly noticeable in times where it feels forced; however, the shows leads more than make up for it. (When I say that, I am pointing at you, Milo Ventimiglia, Mandy Moore, Susan Kelechi Watson, and the excellent Ron Cephas Jones!) <br/><br/>While there are times where I do get a bit bored (and those times are very few), the series manages to kick me in the knee and knock me off my feet. There is not a single episode where I did not at least tear up. The story is raw and true and that is what I love most about it.<br/><br/>I am so captivated by this show. I can totally enjoy this show going on for years to come. There is so much more to tell and I do not doubt the writers' capabilities of keeping this show fresh for at least three more years.<br/><br/>The only major issue that I have with "This Is Us" is how they treat the fact that triplets sharing the same birthday with their dad is somehow a big reveal. This is especially true with the series' first episode. I just did not understand it. I was expecting something like three random people sharing a birthday that are somehow randomly connected by life events . . . NOT siblings. I would have more understood if the show just described itself as what it is: a show that chronicles the lives of three tight-knit triplets, their family, and all that transpires of their life tragedies, secrets, lies, and pasts. That is the one thing that I did not understand from the get-go, as the way the basis of the series was described confused me. Aside from that, I love how the show flips from past, present, and even to the future, as it makes for even stronger character development and leaves out plot discrepancies. <br/><br/>All in all, this show is great. It is and will continue to be one of my all-time favorites. I give "This Is Us" a 9.1/10. Don't watch this show unless you want to feel things,because if you do watch this show you WILL feel alot of feels!! Been watching since the beginning. Great casting, acting is superb. Best show on TV as far as I'm concerned. Can't say enough about "This Is Us". Many TV shows today, focus primarily on the drama and scandals. Producers go all out to make violence, jail, etc. look acceptable and "cool". They care more about reviews, than standing out. This is us brings something real to the table. Not only does it keep audience interest but it connects to culture in a ways most TV shows do not. I felt scared, joyful, and sad and many more emotions just within the first thirty minutes of this show. That alone is more than other shows have to offer. The show takes viewers on two unique journeys. You meet three different people, who seem to be completely different, but turn out to be similar in so many ways. You see how each person has struggled in the past and how they struggle now. It is not just the ending that sets this show apart, it's the story being told in between. We watch as the story unfolds. I especially enjoyed this show because the issues are so closely related to real life. It actually reminded me that you never know what a person has been through or is going through. All of the issues in this show are something many of us can relate to. whether it's to the extent of the show or not. There is still some type of connection that can be made. I do not watch TV as much as I use to but this is a show I will continually watch. I am almost one hundred percent sure, this show will not change like most shows do. I can tell this show will keep the realness it brings to the table. I'm excited to see where these characters end up and how they grow over time. I recommend this amazing show to anyone. I haven't given any comment on IMDb yet. this is my first. I have seen many TV shows but this one is far better than anything else. I would like to give more stars than 10 but its the IMDb limitations.<br/><br/>Love this Show. <br/><br/>.<br/><br/>.<br/><br/>. For THIS IS US, Fogelman and his writing team have figured out a formula that works gangbusters: introduce and establish the characters, then tease the ensuing years in the final minutes.<br/><br/>It's intriguing to watch the acting desire of Toby right up against the spoiled, narcissistic, entitled attitude of Kevin -- who obviously doesn't know how good he has it, or how short two years actually is.<br/><br/>The character and backstory being crafted for Kate is astonishing and Chrissy Metz is perfect at every step.<br/><br/>Dialogue can be a little expository, but this is network TV. Even story lines for secondary characters are excellent, and those characters receive situations in which they can respond and shape themselves into realistic forms. Storylines are so compelling and just get deeper each episode. I LOVE Beth and Randall. It's special when we get a surprise visit from Willian ...he is AMAZING!!! Kevin's character is developing so nicely this season. You really start loving him, soft heart, good looks and sweet ta boot! But Kate, lord have mercy, she is so whiny!!! She is almost insufferable. You're fat, you know you're fat, so do something about it, or shut up already...I am sick to death of her being such a whiny baby!! Please change her characters attitude before she ruins the whole dam* show!! Seriously dude ...she's got to grow up. Oh, and I love uncle Nicky too! I love that because of him we get to dive deeper into jack and Kevin. All in all, it's a great show and I love it I just binge-watched the first season of "This Is Us". Basically, the show is about life and the human condition. The experiences that the protagonists have reflect the real world. The plot gravitates between funny and sad, threatening and soothing, but the show always has something to say. It's not the best show ever, but the people involved in the production deserve ample praise for participating. Good one. I love childhoods and sibling rivalries showing sentimental drama acting. Pearsons are loving family past years since Jack's death. The acting and music are great showing many family dynamic drama should done. The show can very tepid wiuth teengers but it is hard to watch: triplets Pearson teenagers( actors) act great and fine. The adult triplet Pearsons are great acting and real family. Great nostalgic childhood, Randall's kids are loving. Only Miguel need more focus on his children's connection past and family; Rebecca's Parents and Deja's connection. The show may owe Shameless, yet they really improved better writing organized drama version age of family drama. The stages of Pearson triplets does really well. The Pearson parents( Mandy and Milo) are excellent. The problem renewed more seasons( 4 and 5 much like Narnia.) Stranger Thing is more Harry potter; careful watch your back which has competitive. Roseanne came over to win. The TV world is being dominated by action, fantasy, crime, medical, law related theme. It's a breathe of fresh air to find a family drama with no real antagonist except their personal issues.<br/><br/>I find the show very relatable not because I have experienced the same thing the characters have, but the way they deal with the situations hits close to home.
Some reviewers find this over dramatic, predictable, etc. While I do understand their point, I find this TV show so spot on, especially if you are a family oriented person. <br/><br/>I also the casting is magnificent. They all deliver very well, in my opinion. 
I don't usually write reviews, but I felt compelled to review this TV series, This show has such a honest and pure way, to tell a amazing complex family story. It catches you offguard with many suprises, while it never looses the fealing of sincerity. That and the breathtaking actors make you sympathize with the characters more then you could have imagined.<br/><br/>This is my first review i ever did about anything. I just felt so happy after watching one of the episodes, i had to share it with other ppl wishing they would give it a go.
Before this i didnt really cry just by watching series, but it felt so real and heartwarming i just couldnt handle it. <br/><br/>So if you are still not convinced that you should give it a try, there are some things the plot might help you with: How to be a good parent, what live may send your way, where are the problems roots are, how beautiful live is or just what kind of person you are. It's definitely a must watch! its real, authentic and you can actually relate to it! i don't easily cry during movies or shows but this show makes me shed a few tears every and each single episode!! i love love love it!! Few shows ever quite mirror life.Most of the time movies or TV shows are "hollywoodized" to bring in a large audience.What makes This is us different is that it takes the opposite approach.It's a roller coaster of emotions you laugh with the cast,you cry with them,you cheer with them and in the end you are left with a different outlook on life or at least I was. A lot of credit should also go to the director and actors for elevating the show. This is a unique and interesting way to tell a story and I love that characters that are dead still have a life in the story with the past being featured throughout the show. It feels a lot like reading a book. Too bad the story itself doesn't lend to the enjoyment of the series. Summed up perfectly near the end of season 2 by Kate with a comment about possibly not crying for once. All the characters are insufferable, self-centered, and unlikeable. I find myself rooting against them. They also try to tell the story for the most dramatic impact and it just gets tedious and wears on the viewer. 20 episodes a season with nothing but drama gets really old. <br/><br/>In sum it is a drama about a set of triplets and how they all individually had issues with their childhood which of course they use to blame their issues as adults. The characters are all really damaged and so self-involved in their own little worlds. This is definitely a 'you made me feel XYZ so I am a compulsive eater, a drug user, prone to panic attacks or whatever'. It is such a victim oriented show - I guess that is what is so off-putting. Take some responsibility - eating to be 400 lbs isn't because your Mom made you feel insecure, or your Dad died or people were mean to you. Popping pills isn't because your parents didn't pay enough attention to you. And a remaining parent constantly crying 'this is the best I could do, you were my entire life'. Whatever. <br/><br/>My other pet peeve is they make the past look like the 70s or very early 80s. Well it would be the 90s because the kids are only in their mid 30s so they'd be teens in the early 90s. There are a lot of elements of the show that miss the mark like this. The doctor that delivered them for instance was at least in his late 60s and still in the show 17 years later so he'd be like 95 and he is basically almost in the same condition. There are a lot of liberties like this that most people probably don't catch.<br/><br/>I watched this out of boredom on Hulu. I'm sure season 3 will be packed with more crying and drama as previewed at the end of 2. We'll have to live through a now depressed but still morbidly obese Toby and Kate, drama with the adopted defect teen Deja, etc. Frankly the best thing that happened so far is Kate/Toby not having their baby and Kevin unmarried. These people do not need to procreate and have another generation of unhappy people mired in nothing but self imposed drama. Can't say enough good things about this show. If you don't love this show, you don't have a heart or a conscience! Finally something on TV that brings the real and the good together!! So sick of the evil on TV. Thank you This Is Us people! You've achieved the unachievable! Congrats. This show deserves every award possible. I am an avid TV watcher of all genres. Wow this was a special show, and the first season was outstanding. The acting was brilliant, the story lines were incredible. It touches the soul and you really feel like you are apart of their family. I have never watched an entire season and thought every single episode was fantastic. More than a few episodes required a box of Kleenex. Wonderful show. 20 Stars. WAY 20 stars.<br/><br/>In this age when so much content is accessible by demand, rarely - no, never - do I schedule watching a TV show.<br/><br/>By the advice of a friend, I watched the pilot of "This Is Us". He trusted I'd be "trapped" from that point forward. He was so right. And now I look forward to Tuesday nights.<br/><br/>Previous tonight, I binge-watched every available episode of "This Is Us" - because from the pilot I was rightly engrossed. What a smart, amazing, lovely drama 'this is'. From the performance of Milo Ventimiglia, to the happy-to-see-in-her-element Mandy Moore, the cast is unrivaled, on through the young children. Milo Ventimiglia and especially Mandy Moore have such challenging roles, and they meet that challenge with nothing less than supremacy. Sterling K Brown, Chrisy Metz, Ryan Michelle Bathe...sorry, the list goes on.<br/><br/>There's hardly a way to talk about this incredible show without infringing on the spoiler rule, so I'll refrain from saying much more - although I feel not enough can be said in celebration of "This Is Us".<br/><br/>It's inarguable: this is the most appulsive (and I've never used that word), enlivening, wonderful "film on television" show out there. And I think it will be recognized as such for ages to come. I almost cried every episode. One of the most wholesome shows I have ever watched in my life. <br/><br/>I normally don't review anything, but if anyone reading this is deciding a new show to watch or is wondering if this is worth it...<br/><br/>It is. This show is spectacular. I usually never write reviews, not because I don't like TV shows but because no TV show has ever moved me the way this one did. I started watching because I liked the summary which said that different people's story were connected and I like those kinda movies. So I started and even though nothing special was going on during first half an hour I felt that it would be very good but couldn't imagine that it would be this good when in the end of the episode I cried like an idiot and couldn't stop. And then I cried almost on all episodes for different reasons. I loved all of the episodes, each of them are carefully written and directed, characters are very powerful. This is one of the fewest shows about ordinary people with ordinary lives told in the best way possible, but after watching you realize that it's not about ordinary people, that you don't have to be a superhero or have some kinda magical powers to be a hero. And acting! I have never seen such a brilliant group of actors, each and every one of them doing their jobs amazingly. So yes, you have to watch and see that there are real good people in this world, who also make mistakes, who have lots of problems but who know how to stand by and how to be good. It was wonderfully written, cleverly written, well acted with a good cast. I felt for the main character, they werre interesting and I want to know what happens to them. I was going to go into details about the main characters but I don't wont to spoil anything for you, all I will say is watch the pilot episode I will add that this is not the type of programme I tend to watch "family's struggling in the modern world" the "ups and downs of life" but after one episode I cant recommend this series enough I just hope it continues in the same manner. I will just say this show is amazing. The writing the acting it is all stellar. I won't give anything away but it is pretty brilliant. So far I can't watch an episode without tearing up. So powerful and beautiful. There is some darn good TV out there right now but this show kind of invented it's own level of excellence. I will say that I don't watch the show often due to having missed so many episodes but I gotta be honest I loved what I have seen from the show its very reliable to life even the tweens are realistic and applaudable the overweight couple are my favorite part due to struggling with weight loss myself and the grandpa in the black family is a very wonderful man who is just trying to get the gest of having a true family if you are going to let tweens watch it you will need to watch with them due to certain types of content but it is also relatable to tweens so they might Learn about life as will you please give the show a chance to win you over I LOVE this show and was (even more) pleasantly surprised at this week's episode. Something felt a little different, but better-- is that possible, to be better than perfect? Apparently, yes! <br/><br/>Sure, it was sadder than most. I laughed, I cried, and I felt more connected to the show through this episode. Kudos to "This is Us" for growing stronger. When I started watching This is us I was a bit mixed up until I caught on that it was showing their life when it started up to now. <br/><br/>I just can't get enough of this show, I love it so much and can't wait for it to come on once a week. I am always troubled after watching it I sometimes can't stop myself from crying. It's so real to life with all the emotions they all feel and their ups and downs and all the family connections between them.<br/><br/>Please keep it coming for years to come.<br/><br/>PS I hope the father "Jack" somehow will stay in the show, he is fantastic and so good for his children. For me, this show is as good as it gets. I've only watched about 5 episodes, and yet I'm addicted. It has everything ... love, loss, and the overall triumph of the human spirit over all the stupid things in the world. At times, you get to see the most beautiful aspects of mankind. And then other times, you see how we impose these ridiculous boundaries on ourselves and hurt the ones we love because we can't see the reality in front of us. You can easily lose yourself in each episode ... for me, every episode. This is Us broaches so many subjects, and it does so in a masterful way. The creative writing gives many generations a chance to latch on to something familiar. TIU shows how times have changed across the decades and yet how some things remain the same ... both good and bad. I'm a highly empathetic person, and there is this huge pool of emotion within which to swim or simply dip your toes. Most everyone should be able to find something to identify with, root for, and see from a different perspective. This is writing at its best. The acting has so much passion and emotion that it feels so real ... genuine. For me, This is Us is truly as good as it gets. The very best TV series We have ever seen in our entire lifes. All our respects for the actors and actresses. The series is all about the every day life of actual people. It is entertaining, filled with deep emotions and never gets boring. All the episodes are equally excellent. Amazingly produced, I can't think of seeing anything like this in the near future. Simply excellent work! I solely started watching this now tonight all because I am a huge fan of Mandy Moore. I seen her in almost everything ranging from The Princess Diaries all the way to Tangled. And what do you know the man that did Tangled Dan Fogerlman created this show. Now I have no idea what genre this is fantasy/comedy/Drama I think I would say all 3. Moore plays Rebecca a married woman who is having triplets. While the rest of the show intertwines with a group of people who share the same birthday and age 36.Overall I thought the first episode wasn't bad yet I was confused when spoiler alert Rebecca lost one of her triplets and then we seen her with 3 babies in the end?. Could she be the mother to the 3 people who we see in the 1st episode? One who looks like Melissa McCartney who is trying to lose weight, another fella looking for his biological father whos dying, and a wannabe actor played by arrow actor Justin Hardley. Good show. I love love love this show. It is well written, and well acted. Even for someone who has a hard time with present and past scenes, the show does that very well. I love how the younger versions of the 3 kids could very well be the actual younger version. Even the cadence in their speaking from children to adults is spot on. My heart breaks for all of them. Kate especially dealing with her weight is heartwarming. Kevin feeling of not getting enough attention growing up hits home for me. Randall is so serious but when he lets loose he is so funny and being black in a white home has to have put a chip on his shoulder. I know these characters aren't real, but they are so well acted they seem real to me, at least while I am watching. This Is Us, is the best new show I have watched in a long time. This is my first review. I watched the first five episodes and felt that I just have to write review. "This is us" is absolutely great series! I was hooked immediately. It has a wonderful story line and great actors. It's beautiful and heartwarming. Definitely worth watching. This show is the most beautifully written show on television. I have cried every single episode aired. The emotions conveyed each episode are genuine and honest. The layers to each episode add exponentially to the storytelling. The character of Randall, in my opinion, is the emotional cornerstone of the show. The only character that equals him is Jack, his adoptive father. This show causes one to think about the ties that bind and complicate the animal known as "family." I love this show!!! It's the best show I've watched in a while. It touches a lot of issues on adoption, particularly interracial adoption, being overweight, and what it's like to live as a twin. I'm very close to all of these issues. I am in the process of adopting (have been around the adoption community for a while), most of my family are obese (including myself, but at a lesser extent), and one of my best friends is a twin. The show is very real. The script is just phenomenal. Whoever wrote this is amazing. It's very original. That's a pleasant surprise. The actors do a fantastic job with the characters. The show is very emotional, but in the best way. When I first watched the plot episode of the series I was like great another flash back driven snooze fest. But as the show progressed and the characters lives were opened it struck a cord with in myself like no other show has in years. Given the choices of entertainment and internet foolery. Its good to see a show that was written to evoke the basic human emotions of love, trust, forgiveness, racism, adoption, death, longing, and a host of others. I could write a thesis on this show but I won't just if you have time and want to get away from the basic "reality TV" bullshit then I will suggest going ondemand and watching the last 9 episodes. When I saw the previews for this show during the summer I thought nonsense of a show...but I give it a chance anyway, more for Mandy Moore and Milo Ventimiglia...<br/><br/>Wow, so glad that I did! <br/><br/>I'm amazed at the details, the craft of the story, the performances...<br/><br/>Love the new actors. Chrissy Metz is formidable, showing raw emotions and real struggling. Sterling K. Brown is wonderful too. Love his character and how vulnerable he is. Heck, I even love Justin Hartley!<br/><br/>Just wanted to give two big thumbs up to this show and everyone working in it! Props to you all!!! I've never reviewed anything on IMDb before. But this show is fascinating, I can't remember the last time I watched something so exciting and well written. I was hooked from the 1st episode of this show, and to be honest I did not know anyone from this cast, but the actors are impeccable and have a great harmony. Each episode has its peculiarities, which can make us laugh or cry instantly. I just watched six episodes in a row and I'm already looking forward to watching more. Here in Brazil this TV show has not been much publicized but I'm sure that quickly it will become very popular. I strongly recommend everyone to watch This is Us! I was thoroughly confused with this show until the end of the second episode. I still didn't put it together that the new parents of the twins (triplets but one was stillborn) adopted the black baby. Your reviews helped me to piece it all together now. I will continue to watch and I have hope for the show. I do have to agree with one person on these reviews that the heavy set man seems egotistical or something, maybe I am reading something into nothing he just seems a little odd or off to me for some reason. I do have one huge pet peeve, the guy needs to get rid of the little patch of hair on the top of his bald head, it is very bad looking and I can't believe someone would actually want to look like this! Shave it off for goodness sake, it is annoying to even look at the guy without looking at his head!! LOL!! I love the new premise of the show. I am so tired of cop shows, these writers need to show more ingenuity and fresh imagination. I binged this the other day (the best way to watch a new show) and now I'm hooked. The story-line is excellent, but even more impressive is the acting. Everybody is top-notch. I hated Milo's character on "Gilmore Girls" so I didn't really take notice of his acting chops. But the dude nails it. There is so much more that can be fleshed out of his character...he can practically be a spin-off! Mandy Moore is great in everything she does. Jermel Nakia and Ron Cephas Jones as the young and old William eat up the screen. And I am in love with Susan Kelechi Watson (Beth) who was also great in "Louie". <br/><br/>I really hope the show can continue to deliver on such a great level. I literally want to punch kate in her triple neck ...fat Monster gets everything and still miserable and the next ratchet deja ugh i cant even .... Really well done, the guy playing the doctor is doing some ace acting I really enjoy his performance. My only problem with it is the touching acoustic guitar music is way over played and over-accentuates what are already touching moments. I think a lot of places in this there should be no music, that's what a good musician does when writing to video is find where there should be silence, they don't do a good job of that here. Kind of just using the same soft emotional guitar almost all throughout it got on my nerves, they were way too liberal and slapped music all over the place hoping to achieve a certain emotion in the viewer instead of letting that aspect fall into place more naturally Thought the first show was good and look forward to watching more. Only one question I have about the show. If the show depicts current time, why was the fireman smoking while viewing the newborns when he dropped off the abandoned child at the hospital left at his Fire Hall? Smoking has not been allowed in hospitals for years. Another question could have been asked of the new Dad who had just lost a child to get his attention to explain why the Fireman was at the hospital. Offering a cigarette should not have been it. Even if this birth happened 36 years ago and I got the time wrong, smoking was not allowed in common areas in hospitals. I am a mother and my eldest is 38 years old and smoking was only allowed in hospitals in smoking rooms at that time. The rest of the show was interesting and hopefully the events will unfold in such a way to keep my interest in watching further segments. I do love the choice of actors. I believe they will be able to do justice to this series. The best family drama show!!
Great chemistry of cast covering a range of life events and issues, It is so impactful. It's just every emotion that your ever had, you can feel it here. Rolls down those tears even if you dont want to. From every series I have every watched, there's none like this one. The first 2 seasons are amazing. Try not to cry at each and every one of those episodes. All characters have something special.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, season 3 seems forced. Storyline is kind of too much, characters are selfish and not as relatable. If they had stop with 2 seasons, it would have been easily a 9 or even a 10/10. I really loved the story from the very beginning. I think this Triple is beautiful, has grown in a beautiful way and it is so nice to watch them. I have also always liked Jack because despite of his past, despite of his drinking problem and despite of everything crappy he had experienced in life, he always was nothing but caring to his family. Plus, how handsome can a man be?<br/><br/>Now here is what I don't like:<br/><br/><ul><li>I liked it a lot that they pointed out Randalls background, brought back his biological father etc. However, after season 4 I feel like his character is always the center of attention at this show. It is like Kevin said some time as a kid to his parent You always make sure Randall is not too adapted and Kate does not eat to much and I am left out. And that we could tell the writers of the story because it is literally that way.</li><li>Kate: What can I say? I find her a bit exhausting at all, always whining about her mother being prettier, Toby losing wait and stuff. I feel like she is nothing but jealous. Now, it all started with her wanting to lose the wait and then she actually never lost even a pound of it. What a disappointment. What would have been great would have been the producers to offer her a bonus if she lost that weight, it would be a hugeee plot twist for the show and she would benefit for her health.</li><li>And Kevin? I feel like he is left out the most. He is always suffering from love, never being able to find his happy ending, always being only the side character next to Randall. Also, he is madly in love with Sophie, always been (you could see that especially in season 4) but the story writers always seem to mess this up for his character. Plus he and Sophie always get back together. And now how come in season 4 he ends up with Madison? Like, why Madison? Dan Fogelman did apparently not even let them kiss for that one love scene they had, and yet without showing the audience some love scenes they want to make this kind of a happy ending for him? Come oooon! He deserved better than this. Kevin and Sophie need to be endgame, everything else would be a cheap farce. But honestly I doubt that because of the lack of resources since Alexandra Beckenridge has her own show on Netflix now, most probably not having the time to shoot for both shows.</li></ul><br/><br/>I really hope that season 5 will bring some joy for Kevin. Out of the 3 siblings, he is not only the handsomest, but also the coolest, most sensitive and caring. Live it the best series ever made it
....<br/><br/>
Super well done<br/><br/>
Love each one of the episodes<br/><br/>Love the family<br/><br/>How it was made so especial This show makes you cry and feel in every episode, it shows what's there before the beginning of movies and after the happy endings. It's so unique to its tone, genius The most beautiful depiction of love in all of its forms. Emotional. I was just cycling through the TV channels (I rarely watch TV anymore) and This is Us was showing. No indication of the season or the episode.
I was hooked in 2 minutes flat. Watched only 3 épisodes so far (it was on TV, not streaming).
The story is so humane, so touching.
The acting is pitch perfect.
Even the construction is great (and I usually find flashbacks annoying at best). It's like a painting that is being made before your eyes, touch by touch, progressively.<br/><br/>From the 3 épisodes I watched, this is one the best shows I've come across.<br/><br/>Really recommended! I am completely in love with this show. I love Milo Ventimiglia as Jack and Sterling K. Brown as Randell. I also love two other characters who appear later in the show but I won't say for spoiler alert. The way the show makes you empathize with the characters and their struggles and happiness is amazingly done. One of my favourite shows so far, definitely recommend it! The show is very nice, emotional and season 4 is killing it! Hands down to the best tv show on tv. Amazing from the start to bottom. The story line is beautiful written across time and very well acted by all the characters. This series just gets out of me those mixed emotions of sadness happiness, and just tells me to enjoy my days, and appreciate my parents for what they've done to me. It gave me an understanding of what a true family is. This is an excellent show as far as the story line goes and the acting is excellent. I decided to stop watching this show because it was so emotional. There isn't one episode that is light or happy all the way through. The hard things that happen are big things too. Maybe I'll pick it up again someday but after a while this show was just too heavy for me. Reviews here state that they can predict what the characters are going to say in any given moment thereby making the series very predictable; this is wrong because the situations that arise in this show are unique which is why this series gets a 7 rating.<br/><br/>Coming to drama, it is not the acting or the situations that make you sad or make you want to cry; it is the goddamn MUSIC that tricks your heart into sadness. If you keep on playing that music even while playing football; footballers will start crying. Even comedy series such as F.R.I.E.N.D.S. have better emotional scenes, for example: the one where Rachel waits for Ross at the airport when he arrives with Julie; the one where Phoebe says she will tolerate the cold just to walk down the aisle in her wedding dress.. the list goes on This show at one point was definitely one that the common person can relate to despite the, at times, dramatic reveals and intense pulls at the heartstrings This Is Us relies on. Even episodes I do not particularly like do have a 'last five minute' moment that brings me to tears.<br/><br/>However, in the most recent season, the shows has begun to steadily decline. The characters now talk about something that happened off screen in order to save time or budget on filming rather than us getting to see a character's experience with this first-time thing. This season is also become heavily induced with filler episodes and getting backstory on unnecessary characters. The intent is to keep the audience guessing at who this backstory is about, but it ends up being someone the audience has not even met yet to consider.<br/><br/>The greatest pro this show has is its cast. This Is Us would not work without Mandy and Milo's charisma and the chemistry between them and their children. Each actor puts a lot of heart and soul into their performances most of the time. Even at its worst moments and ridiculous conflicts, they very clearly love what they're doing. It would 100% have not survived as long as it had with a lesser cast. I like the show just remove the black family. And it would be best show . The way I see Randall never appreciated what his mother and father did for him why In the hell he is still looking for his birth family they throw you out soon as you were born.then find the father bring him home makes no sense and daughters calling him grandpa like other one didn't exist l .if I find my birth family I will never talk to them ever . Never adopt a child that's what I learned specially black. I really like every one else in the show except Randall family Writing this after watching S4 E18, delighted in every single episode. Just don't miss it Acting, writing, directing, everything about this show comes together to make the most emotional and wonderful television drama I have ever witnessed. You must watch this show; you will not be disappointed. Simply stunning family series that makes me cry every single episode!
Everyone should watch and learn. Most episodes are really good, but some are a borefest. I do get sick of how perfect their parents are. Like who is that perfect of a parent and who has that perfect of a marriage. STOP. Only reason I like it is because at the kids aren't perfect. Started off loving it, but as the seasons go on it gets worse. I am on season 4 right now on Hulu. It gets more boring every season. I need more drama. I am about to stop watching it but I keep hoping it will get better like before. Also, I couldn't stand how perfect they make their dad look and their parents marriage. Like come on people show some of his flaws! No one is that perfect. Make it more interesting to watch. It could of been awesome show but now it is turning into a borefest. I might just find another better drama to watch. I have to congratulate the producers and author, this is brilliant! they own a way to tell the best and the worst of people beautifully done ... They know how to explore lifelessons from all ages on all the carachters and present to you like "see? don't judge, he had a reason to be like that"... Thank you for that, its enlightening and I can relate with so many situations I lost count. This show is extremely well written. But the actors really make it come to life. I love how they handle family and social issues. The storyline navigates multiple seasons of life for the Pearson family while keeping you off balance about what's next for the characters. This show is wonderful. This is a very different and nicely written series. The characters are beautifully carved out, each unique with their bright side and their flip one. Emotionally moving. I love the way it moves back and forth in time. It makes you feel love all over again, it makes you be a better father, a better son or a brother, and it makes you cry!!! Been through many shows breaking bad/Dexter/flash/better call Saul/Fargo and many more but non better than this is us... The way each episode is connected makes your melt like ice and make to thing about your own self.. how should shape your life to make a grand world for your kids in future.. thanks team this is us for making sucha great show... Thousand times hip hip hooray for you... What an awesome series - super strong characters i love them all!!
Rich emotive real family stories - happy sad cute funny uplifting heart-breaking!!
I just binged season 4 and think I cried a little (got something in my eye) during every.single.episode!! This is such a great show!!
Oooh the "strangers" episodes S4 -> they're amazing!! I loved piecing together who everyone was!! i hope season 5 comes soon? -> Thank you 'this is us' :-) I absolutely love this show! I am amazed how each season leaves you just wanting more. I've read that there will be one more season (6) and it will end. I wish it wouldn't! It can keep on keeping on. They have already proven that. I do not know why it is planned to end after season 6, but I wish the powers that be would reconsider the possibilities and change their mind. One of the best shows ever! Very addictive drama. All characters are very well developed This is a really really good program.. About nothing but about everything... 3 seasons in still fantastic, likeable characters, superb acting.... I do feel theres probably on 2 or 3 seasons left in it before it gets "samey & boring" So maybe just a couple more and go out on a high... Just awesome , l loved id too mush
Jdjdkddfjfkforjbrhdididodofjnfbfifkd d rbejdockxnfbbdjdjdjdbdbrj This is a show that is complex enough that a casual viewer who sees an episode here and there would likely be lost, not see the point and get bored. You really have to be aware of all the storylines. We set time aside every Monday at 8PM, we know it is fiction but the characters are so well drawn, the stories so well told, that we can easily relate the show to real life.<br/><br/>It is interesting that the mother (in present time) is played by Mandy Moore who in real life is actually younger than each actor that plays one of her three children.<br/><br/>Good series, now that mom is starting to develop early symptoms of dementia (at an age around 60) it will be interesting to see where stories go. I love all the old-school romance and the goodness in people living in this sometimes cold and ruthless world, while my faith in humanity is otherwise withering.<br/><br/>We should be more emotionally expressive towards the important people in our lives who also care about our wellbeing, like they did in the episodes, well ideally.<br/><br/>Just give me that sweetness overload. Let us audience propse a toast and drink it up. I'm gonna indulge myself with it when nobody is around.<br/><br/>By the way, Mandy Moore has been my favorite vocalist before I watched the show, and I wasn't expect it. So it's great to have her there. Sweet surprise.<br/><br/>(The above is only a reference for Season One.)<br/><br/>I believe I'm not the only one who would drop this show just because the new character in Season Two is a devastating turnoff.<br/><br/>Guess I'm not too thrilled to see how they go nuts afterwards. If they don't, then the show is a real fake. As a matter of fact, it is.<br/><br/>Life does teach us lessons, and thanks for reminding me of the ugliness of the world. I've already seen pretty much of that. Me & my wife used to love this series & well up at the end of each episode. It uswd to connect with us emotionally like no other series did. Come season 3 & we noticed that we were just fast forwarding most of the episodes & dint give a flying Jack about what happened to the Big 3 or anyone else. I dont care as much about uncle Nick or Deja to dedicate full episodes to their loved one. The only good emotional moment in the whole season 3 was Kate & Toby with the little Jack. & now they are coming up with season 4 & 5. Really??? Maybe they should start marketing it as a comedy show now. I don't want to cry during or after each episode. So I watch it occasionally nothing to keep me coming back This Is Us is the best show on network television. The plots are heartfelt and emotional each and every episode. The acting is brilliant and twists that can never be seen coming.<br/><br/>The show's appeal has started to wear however. The twists are far too much and time continues to change and then somehow connect to modern day storylines. Each episode there are 3-4 separate storylines and it becomes predictable that they are somehow all connected.<br/><br/>The show still has its charm and is amazing, but the show needs to go out while it is still better than everything else. If no one reading this review has watched this show, watch the show!!! Yeah, the plot is great. The first episode blew my mind. I did not expect that twist.
Other than that, its a pretty normal family drama.<br/><br/>Each episode is an hour long and there are 18 episodes in one season. That's a lot of watching time.<br/><br/>I felt like binging it but couldn't because of the episode length.<br/><br/>Kudos to the actors and the writers for a good experience. But this wasn't for me. Amazing series. The plot is very well designed and it keeps your interest up. It is very touching and emotional but also presents life from a realistic viewpoint. The things that are presented are all possible things that can happen to anyone in real life and I like that. Everything is presented so well and the performances of all actors are just incredible. I truly recommend it to anyone and especially to those who want to see a social drama-realistic series This is a great show, but sometimes it is over dramatic.
Many people say that this series shows characters that are very relatable and real. However, most of the main characters are just 'perfect' with very few flaws that the show keep on rubbing in our face. I don't know how that is relatable. So good, but can be predictable. Still, I literally cry every episode. Love this show!! Judging from the cover on Netflix and the previews, i thought this was one of those sappy serious romance series. Reading the synopsis and even watching the initial 10 minutes of the series, I have no idea what the series was about or which direction it was going to take. Regardless, I deeply enjoyed diving into the troubles and mid-life crisis that these guys faced that were presented in a way that was not depressing or unrealistically inspiring. By the events that unfold you become interested in their stories and what goes on in their heads. It is not an action series, but it's interesting; it is not a comedy but it still makes me smile. Hard to put into words but I can just associate that with great writing and acting.<br/><br/>One of those series that you should not judge by its cover. I did not expect to enjoy this, and i hope you try it. A big big credit goes to Dan Fogelman for crafting the series so beautifully and also to the whole cast who gave life to those characters. This is a must watch series. This series kinds of fill in posivity in life and also
makes you love a person completely with his/her flaws. It's so real and heart touching. Really loved it 😍😍 this series shows us the real meaning of life. Awesome show! Draws me in more & more Addresses big issues, good story plots & characters. I'm a fan!!! My favorite character is Randal! He just tries to be the best him and also please everyone this last episode hurt but it will play out😁 This is a show about people who are obsessed with their dad. Not just the initial family but the adopted brother becomes obsessed with his biological father, his wife becomes obsessed with her father. It is definitely a great show but it is all about people with dad issues. Many fans are disappointed to season 3 after cancellation because they could find some ideas to cooperate story. Lanh in Vietnam flashback with Nicky blew up me story upsetting but it was tear jerking. Unfortunately what happened to Lanh's mom in Vietnam. Need to see more Anne Pearson and Miguel's children. It is great nostalgic era showing Pearson growing together suggest need more Miguel's spotlight. Bad news showing in the future though Randall see bad things but why childhood though. First of all Milo Ventimiglia, WOW! He is like a fairytale! This show is for the people who Care about their family and their issues, this is a beautiful heartbreaking story and I can't even say how much I love the atmosphere of this serie. 15/10 for me! This series is my life.....and so hard to watch because of the heartache and memories. Like I lived and wrote it. Born and raised in Pittsburgh. Had the most wonderful parents who ever lived who gave all the love in the world to their children. Father died young at 54 and I was 24. Mom died at 60. Siblings and our children all had their issues but we always get together or connect and remember holidays and special events to honor our parents/heritage and what is our family bonds. This series not only captures the essence of a close loving diverse family but also addresses the differences and problems that encircle humans who love and try to cope with their own lives and interactions that aren't perfect. Bravo. This Is Us is entertaining and a dramatic emotional rollercoaster, (now 2019 SAGaward-winning series). It has put me through all levels of emotions including happiness, anger, and definitely sadness. It journeys a family, their beginnings, and then individually stories each cast member. The narrative is told in parallels with flashbacks, flash-forwards, & present day exploring topics of alcoholism, adoption, obesity, cancer, sexuality, poverty and the list goes on. I found myself sympathizing & empathizing as I was taken on this ride of why & how! If you want to watch a series that's not short of amazing, this is definitely one to check out. I love the leaps between before and now and the learning of the characters as the episodes goes by. Deeper and more for every episode First time I've ever seen full nudity ... IN A REVIEW. Classy! -smh Haven't had that many shows on television I can make you laugh and cry in the same five minute span. The characters are amazing and don't get me started on how great the acting is. The teenage kids are so good that you forget you're actually seeing a show and not the older actors as the younger selves. Highly recommend this show. But make sure you have a box of Kleenex handy I Just Recently Started Watching This Show, After The Third Season Began. I Didn't Think I'd Get Past The First Episode But After Watching It, I Was Touched By All Of The Characters. Great Acting, Great Writing, Great Directing. Just A Great Show That Will Make You Laugh & Cry. DIferent, real, and personal. I like the deeper exploring of personality and real situacions.positive and inspiring. This show will make you cry from happy to sad tears. So if you in to drama and want to cry this is the show for you. I have to say it is a pretty good show but i wont watch it if im in a good mood. Kate. She's whiney, rude and self absorbed. She is so rude to her mother, who tried her best to raise three teenagers by her self, for no good reason. Honestly, I would drop her and keep Toby if it were up to me. That is my only problem with the show. Other than that, it's a 10 in my book. This show is something beautiful. It's full of love, excitement, heartbreak, deep sadness, and so much more. This series touches on depression, weight problems among other health problems, alcoholism, racial diversity, adoption and all that comes with it. 
The balance between past and now in this show is perfect. In the first seasons, we keep popping backward in time to parts that relay well to what they are doing now in life. At the end of season 2, we are introduced to a new layer, the future. I'm excited for what this will bring and I'm drawn to these characters and their development. 
And a huge round of applause to the wonderful actors and actresses in this series. Sterling K Brown is wonderful and the actor who plays Toby is a heart warming. Great story, amazing production and cast, so emotional and real! Fresh and impeccable writing, well synchronised narration and screenplay, a heartwarming story and par excellent acting! This has it all! Just breathtakingly REAL and powerful. Normalizing and humanizing of this life we live. I think every human being born in this planet should recieve a file with all of This is Us episodes, because it helps you to live. It makes you think, laugh and, specially, cry. But you don't cry because it's sad, you cry because it's beautiful, and there's nothing more amazing than crying because something is beautiful. This show really gets me, best thing on tv right now. The cast is flawless. Watch it. This is for Everyone so beautiful and emotional every time it's make me cry. Maybe like a Japanese movie(Hirokazu Koreeda)
I hope China can get this one This is by far the best tv show on planet earth. It is full of laughter, sadness, joy, and adventure. It blends these perfectly together and the actors have fantastic chemistry. Ok, I'll be honest - at first this show struck me as a corny little piece of melodrama with weak underlining elements of comedy... But It did have a very high score on IMDb so I thought it couldn't hurt to try. And I couldn't have been more wrong. <br/><br/>This show is a beautiful family drama with a very lovable cast and consistently excellent stories told in quite an original fashion. No series has hit me quite as hard so often since 'Breaking Bad' and more recently: Steven Conrad's 'Patriot'.<br/><br/>'This Is Us' is a lot like the American 'Shameless' (haven't seen the British one) except every episode so far has been a tear-jerker. I really hope I'm not jinxing the show right now by writing this review but I found myself respecting the masterful story-telling so much I couldn't not take the time to write this review. <br/><br/>If you haven't checked out 'This Is Us' then let me just recommend that you sign up for Amazon Prime immediately and watch the pilot. And while you're there, check out 'Patriot' too. That show is another one that will have you always shifting your emotional gears. <br/><br/>Sincerely, a guy who's watched a maybe a little too much movies and tv. I have seen a lot of movies and TV Shows in my life. Some of them are great and some of them are not, but I have never seen something like this, not even close. "This Is Us" is worth every minute of your time. I encourage every person to enroll in this adventure of a lifetime. I had the foresight to recognize the magnitude of this series and decided to not get lured in to watching weekly episodes and more so wait for the next week...instead held out to binge watch. <br/><br/>I almost want to be insanely critical that every single episode made me cry....and yet Randall's character and family would make me burst out laughing. It's unfathomable that every single character (including the past, present and future versions) seem real. (Except Kevin's preteen character...the only complaint for me...just not a fit in my perspective) on that note...incredible casting for the Big Three in each phase, especially Kate and Randall...Kevin included minus the aforementioned preteen)<br/><br/>I've noticed so many comparisons to the series Parenthood which was incredibly moving and relevant but this series is not comparable to anything ever. <br/><br/>I'm not sure how the writers will continue on this level in future seasons but I hope they find a way to give us more and more and hopefully when they decide to end the series, make it a worthy conclusion....what a beautiful, moving, intricate, never done before heart warming, inspiring, gut wrenching expression of what a true old school family is, should be, is rare these days, incorporating such love, loss, individualized memories and trauma.<br/><br/>The episodes are so perfectly delivered considering the current lives being incorporated with flash backs. I want to hug each character. So many more words yet I feel I've not done it justice.<br/><br/>I hope Rebecca, Mandy Moore's character, is given some hardcore love and recognition going forward.<br/><br/>Brilliant use and execution of aging key characters. Just wow, such prolific artistry. Apart from Mandy Moore and Sterling Brown, the debut of these actors were perfect. This show is greatly scripted, the acting is phenomenal. Every episode pulls on your heart strings. It is slow in the beginning. But I reccomend every person to push through it. Because you WILL be hooked! I'm really completely fall in love with this show!!!! I don't words to describe how real and lovely and memorable, sensible!! Omg I can stay whole weekend watching it!!!!! I love love love I really have no words to describe really cause I'm totally hooked up to my screen while watching this series.. Excellent director/actors/storyline.. An excellent cast and unique approach to showing the passage of time Emotions, actions, reactions, matters of the heart, untold matters of our youth, best yet, how well did we do? This Is Us...is one of those kind of productions that will leave one's self ready -- ready to receive more. Naturally, it is a bit uncomfortable at times during scenes and slow heart-felt sequences. However, make no mistake about it, the show at times can crush you whilst at other times during the same episode, make you laugh like a lunatic. It is about life and how we handle various situations. I feel that traditional musings are free to illustrate precisely what they are for, and that to some. As for me, having been in that business before, most of us have no idea what kind of circumstance we'll find ourselves in until we actually wake up there. Yet, to see how these writers, directors, and cast commit is surreal. Ms. Moore exceeds my wildest expectations, Sterling K. Brown makes a white person feel and live the way a black must in the weirdest of circumstances. I have no idea what type of casting they go through, but it seems like regardless of the situation ALL members are affected. Mr. Ventimiglia brings the working man into it, even though he's got the charisma of a poet. Justin Hartley is an absolute marvel...period. When scenes call upon him be brings it huge! My only disappointment is with Chrissy Metz, who hasn't come to terms with anything or anyone. I don't feel these are spoilers insofar as this is what we need to expect from all cast members. The Perfect Imperfections of All of Us is the closest bit I could come to spoiling anything, however, this show is R-E-A-L! Thank you in all earnest. Without realizing it, back in the early '90s, I'd gotten hooked on dark/gritty dramas, usually with some version of an anti-hero; worse, occasionally the show/film would lack even a single character I could, in good conscience, rationalize rooting for. I credit This Is Us for jarring me out of my nihilistic stupor; even after all this time, I hadn't realized how OLD that crap's gotten to be.. <br/><br/>This Is Us is a modern family drama told through the lens of multiple characters' perspectives while traveling back and forth through time. This could have left me breathless and confused, but with expert directing, editing and a natively talented eye or two, the multiple narratives traveling through time were woven together so deftly and masterfully that even *I* could follow them. <br/><br/>But it was the LOVE STORY that created the bedrock of the show: the meeting and marriage of Jack and Rebecca. How refreshing it is to see married people who actually like and respect each other! We get to see these two amazing, loving people over time, how they change, how they stay the same, the impact of decisions made long ago, choices made and not made, and if fate might be kind to them and on their three children. <br/><br/>This Is Us is a marvel of storytelling; every single element of the show offers SOMETHING of value for the viewer. Every one of the (main) characters is masterfully developed: each is exquisitely complex, and their interactions with each other is believable and relatable. Each character feels authentic, real, sometimes lovely and other times not lovely, but always LOVEABLE...but flawed, so flawed. (Like all of us, I guess.)<br/><br/>We are finally given a smart, well-paced, well-acted family drama, the likes of which we've really never seen. No stupid men here; no 'child-knows-best'; no big political agenda (thank all that is holy). Just the greatest family drama to ever grace the television. Watch it. This show is sooooooo overly dramatic at some point it just becomes hillarious! Every GD scene is some long drawn out poetic speech which is so unbelievable. At first you might not notice just how funny it is, because it's certainly not meant to be funny. But as you watch scene after scene it's finally kicks in, OMG everything anyone says is so overdramatic and sappy that after a while it's downright laughable. Yeah your girlfriend will be sitting next to you crying but at some point even she will "get it".<br/><br/>Yesterday I watched the latest episode (not sure which they are all about the same). Someone (I think Many Moore's character), says to Kate "You were not in the way, you were the way." (Coughing up my sip of beer) that was some funny ass over the top corniness that we both laughed over.<br/><br/>It gives a whole new perspective to the show and now I think I want to rewatch episodes because there's a whole new way to appreciate it now. Wow just finished season 2. I never realized how talented Mandy Moore is. As in fact, the entire cast are talented actors. Mandy took me by surprise because she is so underrated. It's such a bitter sweet, heartwarming, and heart breaking show. We can relate to everyone on the show and that's what makes the whole concept so down to earth. I don't usually write reviews on shows or movies but this show deserves to be off the charts because 10 stars doesn't do justice. Can't wait for the rest of the seasons to come out! I binge watched Season 1 in 3 days. Season 2 is going a little slower. I think it is interesting how a previous reviewer dumped on the Rebecca character. Jack and Rebecca are part of the reason I like show! I also like Randall and Beth a lot. Kate, Tobey, and Kevin drive me freakin' up the wall. Liked Kate at the beginning, but less and less. Both she and Tobey are just too inconsistent with their personalities. Kevin-you can tell he has a good heart, but the "woe is me" story when the guy is handsome, rich, and famous is getting really tired. No tears and I'm definitely invested, but I urge the writers to treat the audience as intelligent. We are! And if things don't improve, we're going somewhere else. I love the show like pretty much everyone else in America, but the mom Rebecca (Mandy Moore).......I cannot stand her. I pretty much hate her character. She is never positive or happy. I am a mom. I understand it's hard sometimes, but not all the time. She takes herself way to seriously. Rebecca plays the martyr waaaay tooo often. She needs to take a chill pill. I am still working my way through season one. I hope her character learns how to count her blessings and be content. Whew!
I try not to wince every time she comes on. I know why Jack turned to drinking. I never expected to enjoy drama so much. This show has completely changed my perception of how powerful even the most simple stories can be when executed well.<br/><br/>I've loved every single episode in season 1. I'd recommend this show to anyone.