I felt self conscious and embarrassed somehow. Is this the model woman we should be inspired by? Oh my God! She's like a bad replica of a mediocre man. She abandons her husband and he's the one, quite rightly, who feels betrayed. She uses James Franco and then throws him away. Keeps Richard Jenkins at arms length until she discovers he has something that may be useful to her and then, Javier Bardem...She shouts at him I don't have to love you to love myself. What? She reeks of an awful case of selfishness but as she is played by Julia Roberts the whole thing becomes rather confusing. Is she a modern heroine? Oh God, I hope that wasn't the intention. I felt as far away from her even further away from the character she played in "My Best Friend's Wedding" Remember that one? In that one she becomes a criminal, really, yes, a criminal, to ruin her friend's wedding. Oblivious to the fact that's he's clearly happy with Cameron Diaz. No, she's only worried about herself. I'm giving "Eat Pray Love" a 3 and not a 1 because some landscapes, geographic as well as culinary are, quite simply, breath taking. Also Javier Bardem is worth the price of the very expensive ticket. I loved the book. I thought Julia Roberts as Liz was fantastic casting. The trailer looked awesome. I smiled every time I saw it. Turns out, I loved everything about this movie except the movie. <br/><br/>Long story short, it's all of the arc of the book, without any of the passion. While never horrible, this film simply made me feel nothing. <br/><br/>I found the book soulful, moving, even transformative at times. The greatest emotion I felt from the film was hunger (for Italian pizza), thirst (for Italian wine), and an occasional dizziness due to director Ryan Murphy's apparent recent discovery of how to "pan." It was laughable camera-work throughout the first 45 minutes, and occasionally throughout. <br/><br/>The first 1/2 hour of the film was almost unbearably bad, even though the first section of the book was amongst my favorites. Perhaps someone who did not read the book could enjoy this movie, but I somehow doubt it. One time Liz made a joke, that was a nice break from the feeling of being in a lukewarm bathtub for 2 1/2 hours. Not unpleasant, just meh. <br/><br/>Instead of finding Liz intelligent and thoughtful, she seemed selfish, boring, and obsessed with men. Instead of finding spirituality, she seemed vapid. When the character becomes shallow, a film centered around that character becomes a throw away. Maybe I'll just watch the trailer again. "Eat, Pray, Love" is about a wealthy, over-privileged woman who has a mid-life crises and instead of buying a sports car, she divorces her husband, has some affairs, and spends a boat-load of money.<br/><br/>I guess the moral of the story is that money can buy happiness.<br/><br/>This is the type of movie that makes people want to join the "occupy" movement. The whole point of the movie is that over-indulging is the way to find yourself and be happy.<br/><br/>And just to pour salt in the wound, in the scene where she is eating pasta in Italy is done to the music of Mozart's German opera "The Magic Flute." I guess nobody associated with this piece of trash was smart enough to tell the difference between Italian and German.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and skip this garbage. ...or everybody loves Julia. Free-thinking, never-been-to-me writer Liz, (Julia Roberts) decides to escape the rat race and her well-meaning but smothering husband to, of course, find her true self by travelling to Italy, India and Bali, as you would and experiencing real life in the process. We all should have her problems. <br/><br/>And yes, by the end, she's made umpteen life-long friendships, found her own guru and the power of zen, built a new home for a single-parent and child from contributions solicited from the afore-mentioned new pals and of course to top it all off, finds true love way out east to a handsome, swarthy Brazilian, who openly discusses his sex-life with his 19 year-old Australian (don't ask me why) son whom he kisses on the lips at goodbyes. Along the way she breaks the hearts of two young handsome guys, turns down another and connects seriously with everyone from a Swedish tourist and her tutor in Italy, a recovering Texan alcoholic and teenage girl going through an arranged marriage in India not forgetting her Latin lover, toothless ancient swami and his homeless nurse in Bali. Yes indeed, love surely grows where Lizzie goes.<br/><br/>The writing and acting are frequently look-away bad, the whole thing looking like a woman's magazine piece bloated out of all recognition. For some reason too, 70's music features heavily in the soundtrack - I just wondered what Neil Young might have made of two of his songs being pressed into action in support of this unbelievable, over-sentimental nonsense. <br/><br/>I can think of only one praiseworthy thing to say about this film...er, nice locations. I did read the book but, I had hoped that this was going to be like "The Bridges Of Madison County". The film so much better than the book thanks to Meryl Streep's Francesca, a woman I could follow and learn from in every way. Here, my hero, Julia Roberts is as static as the page that originated her character. I couldn't and wouldn't get interested in her. Women, no matter how independent, remain nurturers by nature. I was desolate. I sided with her husband, Billy Crudup, totally. And what about the younger guy, James Franco, she takes instead of giving and she also takes from Richard Jenkins and Javier Bardem in Bali. It is in fact in Bali where I detected a glimpse of real emotion an emotion provoked by somebody else's feelings. I could see a film about that woman. Julia feels detached, as if she was just going through the motions. I'm sorry critics and public ganged up against her for her work in "Mery Reilly" An actress of Julia's talent and beauty could have contributed a sensational gallery of different women. Instead she seems stacked in this shrill, angry lady with very little to say. I love travelogues and I'm a fan of Julia Roberts but, what happened here? I'm not sure in what period, time wise, it this set. The only turmoil seems to be in this very selfish forty-something. What about the rest of the world? She goes for a sort of journey of discovery in a world that doesn't really exist. Did I miss something? No wars, no economic crisis, no nothing, only the intimate qualm of a woman who I, personally, cannot feel represented by. I grant you I'm from another generation but, please! What is this. I loved the food and Javier Bardem and it is in fact the Bardem episode that brings some kind of recognizable something to the proceedings. So, let me recapitulate and ask you if we've seen the same movie...A woman facing an existential crisis and moves out from her marital abode without even having a discussion about it with her husband - a scrumptious Billy Crudup - then she has an affair with James Franco - who wouldn't, right? - but the Franco in this movie is just a plain reflection of the Franco from "Milk" just to name one title. The Naples presented here seems out of the mind of someone who's never been to Naples. I don't know what to say. I'm a bit puzzled and, I should confess, a bit annoyed. There are so many things fundamentally wrong with this movie as well as with many details. Most have already been mentioned before me so I'll just rage a bit. 1, uses double standards, to say the least: if you are white and rich - "go out in the world to discover yourself" / if you are brown and poor: go for the arranged marriage no matter how much you'd love to study and find love. 2, even though the movie tries to be a feminist statement what we see is that a woman is nothing without a man and finding yourself EQUALS to finding a man 3, the shallow, stupid, irresponsible protagonist seems to be shown as a HEROINE (!) - an example to follow 4, "You'll lose all your money in 6-10 months" - eating gourmet food in Rome, not working for a couple months and traveling to 2 new continents? Well, well, well... 5, Rome, Italy is NOT a 3rd world country with no running/hot water. Though I lived in Italy I never heard anyone speaking the kind of English you hear in the movie (great English with extremely heavy accent). 6, There already are so many shallow and dumb people: why do you try to cater for them a shallow and dumb story (okay, other than because you earn well with it)? 7, Leaving an unhappy marriage, traveling to discover the world and living in new environments is a very brave thing. However: - not consulting with your husband and not having any communication about a divorce; - discovering the world means to you that you meet Americans who are just like you in India; - going to random places where you seemingly spend a lot and all you get to know is things you could understand from an "Italian / Indian / Balinese Stereotypes" paperback - this makes you shallow and below average. 8, Julia is completely indecisive. The one decision she makes throughout the movie is to keep up her schedule and balanced life. The Balinese medicine man convinces her with one sentence that she decided the wrong way. So she changes her mind immediately: puppet, Puppet, PUPPET! 9, Since Pocahontas we know that not all Hollywood movies need to have a 100% pinky-shiny-happy ending. Maybe Julia doesn't know it.<br/><br/>There are good things in the movie though: - you get hungry for a good pizza & fresh pasta - landscape shots, travel suggestions (Italy, India, Bali) - you'll probably feel superior to 95% the characters shown in the movie while utterly superior to the people that like this movie <br/><br/>This is one of the very few movies that made me angry lately. Never read the book and thanks to this well-produced wretched film never will. The IMDb synopsis is inaccurate... you get no sense this broad is trying to have a kid or that her marriage has been failing. She one day decides she doesn't want it anymore and, props to the acting of Crudup, the husband has no reason to know why. Her subsequent lover is left with the same "huh?" moment. It's as if she needs to punish anyone who treats her well.<br/><br/>Only good looking men fall in love with Liz, and everyone admires her. She dumps her lovers and husband and the only friend that will tell her what she needs to hear, in the belief that "balance" lies so far outside herself that she has to travel the world (on a very tight schedule) to seek enlightenment. How she pays for it is never hinted at. And to have this bone-thin creature lecture another bone-thin creature on the need to "just enjoy eating, we can always buy a bigger pair of jeans" is insulting AND laughable. That the scene is followed by two bone-thin actresses faking attempts to "squeeze into" jeans is just insulting.<br/><br/>And the punch line? The woman who has wasted 2.5 hours of your life whining that everyone around her says she needs a man finally finds "balance"... by finding a man. And FYI EVERY man in this film is sensitive and caring. I have to say that the direction and very good supportive acting presents an effective image of all sorts of energetic life going on around Liz (and inviting her to be part of it) while she sits whining to herself in voice-over. But the unreality of EVERYONE LOVING HER is just a bit lame.<br/><br/>Fiction? Not much.<br/><br/>Oh, and why did I spend money to see this? A friend convinced me it would be great, and she is such a good friend and enjoyed it so much I will never tell her exactly how much I despised it. See? For people you care about sometimes you hold yourself back.<br/><br/>FYI Richard Jenkins is the only person Julia Roberts' Liz really connects to... and even that is ruined by a last-minute "Hollywood" moment. No spoiler here, you'll see it lumbering toward you like an elephant in the desert. Who writes these types of stories, and why does Hollywood have to keep churning out these types of movies? Successful woman with a husband who loves her isn't happy with her life because she has some sort of neurosis and feels "trapped." So we all get treated to 400 pages or 2.5 hours of BS while said woman goes and "finds herself." And we are all supposed to believe that this is all just hunky dory? And we're supposed to excuse the fact that she is acting selfish by tearing apart people's lives (mostly the aforementioned loving husband) because she has go on this "liberating" journey of self-discovery where "she doesn't have to love the man to love herself?" I'm sorry, I'm calling BS on this. If the main character of this story were male, women's groups would be screaming, protests would be taking place, and the movie would be the punching bag subject of every talk show from Oprah to The View.<br/><br/>A message for anyone (but particularly women) that sees themselves in Julia Roberts character: Get some much needed and overdue professional help with your problem. You have a deep psychological disorder and it is NOT OK to make people miserable because of it. But this is easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen. However, there are some (very small) silver linings.<br/><br/>For instance, with Julia Roberts, Richard Jenkins, Billy Crudup, James Franco, and Javier Bardem, I had high expectations. I award one half star for each actor, and round up out of kindness.<br/><br/>But then... the movie started, and the most agonizing 2+ hours of my life ensued.<br/><br/>First, some background information. I went to see Eat Pray Love for my dear mother and free popcorn. She asked me earlier today, and I, being the loving son, agreed to accompany her.<br/><br/>Within ten minutes I had realized what a disastrous mistake I had made. I am an empathetic person, and I had no idea it was possible for a film to give me have no feelings whatsoever for protagonist.<br/><br/>That is not true, at times I wanted her to be hit by a train. I have never left a movie that I had paid for, but eventually my mother and I were plotting ways to escape. We settled on screaming "Mouse!" or "Rodent!" or "Fire!" but decided it was not worth the social awkwardness.<br/><br/>Instead we sat through, as I said, the most agonizing 2+ hours of film, ever. A summary ensues...<br/><br/>Whine-Whine-Divorce-Whine-Cry-Travel-Whine-Eat-Whine-Feminist Bullshit-Whine-Elevate Importance-Whine-Whine-Travel-Whine-Attempt Meditation-Whine-Get Better at Meditation with help of Hippie-Whine-Elevate Importance to Unknown Levels-Whine-Whine-Travel-Whine-Whine-"Fall in Love" I think that is pretty much it. Do not see this film. I didn't read Elizabeth Gilbert's autobiographical book on which this movie is based (and I'm not sure I want to after viewing this movie, although I'm sure the book is wittier and more inspiring), but even reading the New York Times book review I can see that the movie missed the boat. As such, Julia Roberts plays a character who takes the prize for being a world class narcissist. A more self-centered heroine would be hard to find. After asking her heartbroken husband, played by Billy Crudup, for a divorce because she is not happy and needs to find herself, she jumps into an affair a struggling actor, whom she leaves as soon as her divorce becomes final and she is free to travel to Italy, India and Bali, to spend a year trying to sort out her id. I do not recall the movie making clear how she can financially afford to do so (she forfeits everything to her husband in exchange for the divorce), but elsewhere I read that Ms. Gilbert obtained an advance from her publisher to write a book based on her experiences eating, praying and loving for the year.<br/><br/>In the movie, Liz eats her way through Italy, struggles with meditation in India -- where she meets the most obnoxious, arrogant fellow traveler, played by Richard Jenkins, who browbeats her until she learns to cherish him as a friend -- then moves on to Bali where she falls in love and literally sails off into the sunset with him. <br/><br/>Throughout this tedious film, Liz's actions seem to reflect the influence of the person or persons with whom she has been with most recently; she doesn't seem to have a mind of her own, or heart, for that matter. The only spark of humanity that we see in Liz is when she emails her friends asking them to pass on getting her a birthday present and instead send month to help a divorced woman in Bali to afford a house for her and her young daughter; apparently divorced women in Bali have a rank slightly higher than dogs (nice place). <br/><br/>I've experienced the charms of Italy--its wonderful scenery and food, and somewhat insane men--and don't need this movie to entice me; however, I might be put off India and Bali as a result of seeing this movie. One could argue that it is always a pleasure to watch Julia Roberts, Javier Bardem and Billy Crudup, who blessedly all played themselves and not their miserable characters, none of which I would ever want to meet. <br/><br/>Is there a woman -- or man -- who would not love to chuck it all for a year and travel the globe in search of self-discovery? Most of us cannot do this because we have responsibilities and loyalties and are not financially independent. This drab story fails to connect on any level except for pointless self-indulgence. Instead, treat yourself to dinner at a nice Italian restaurant, dab on a little Shalimar and watch Gone With The Wind, a truly romantic epic with a narcissistic heroine who is interesting. This film has nothing going for it. - Cardboard characters, puerile story, cheesy dialog. Did the characters draw me in - no - I didn't care what happened to the characters and I would have walked out except I was with friends. I got sick of close ups of Julia Roberts trying to act, and the predictable and clichéd script. I looked at my watching twice during the film - something that I can not recall doing before. The scene with the women buying a bigger size jeans was laughable, as there was absolutely no difference in their appearance and they were still very slim. The man that she met in the Ashram's story was acted out in such a dreadful way. It is such a skill to create emotion in movie-goers, and no way was this achieved. Julia Roberts plays the soulless and selfish character, Liz, as she goes searching for herself in Italy, India, and Bali. This forty something married New Yorker decides to end her marriage since she is bored because that is what you do. Did the man cheat? No. Was he unfaithful? No. Was he unloving? No. Did he abuse her? No. Was he lazy? No. His crime? He was predictable and waited for her. Well, let's walk and act like a 2 year old. Julia Roberts makes no connection with the audience and the film slides into boring and uninspiring mess as she trudges her way to self discovery. The character, Liz, is narcissistic to the point of parody. She immediately takes up with a brooding young actor, and, predictably, leaves that relationship to search for happiness. Her best friend wishes she can go with her on hew adventure - too bad since Viola Davis' character is so under utilized in this film. Liz goes to Italy, eats her way across the boot never gaining an ounce, quickly finds new friends, celebrates a glorious Thanksgiving with a bunch of strangers and claims she is the luckiest girl alive. The only "real" moment in this film is a young girl giving Julia the middle finger from a balcony. It has a lingering moment that rings true. She goes to India, washes floors on her hands and knees which making her actions so unbelievable that an urbane Manhattanite like herself would suffer the indignities of menial labor. By the time she goes to Bali, I checked out of this disaster of a film. Even the scenery can't save this atrocity. The movie is wretched to watch. You may enjoy it if you want to see an egotistical character goes around sulking, whining, and moping about the meaning of life. Liz has been gives so much: a home, husband, job,friends, health, a few bucks and still she is not happy. Ingrates like her character are what is so wrong in this world. They have been blessed and have no appreciation for the many good things bestowed on them. So many suffer and would be grateful to have 1% of what this POS has been given and would be eternally happy. Julia Roberts is utterly charmless and taken her American Sweetheart and turned her into a overbearing shrew. Since I haven't touched the book, so I can't make that comparison. I walked in the movie thinking this lady's going to find herself through her travels and somehow inspire millions of us.<br/><br/>It turns out that the movie is about a smart, successful, somewhat good-looking author who has a very loving husband, am amazing job that lets her travel the world - and is still confused about her life and what she wants.<br/><br/>I thought there was going to be some tragedy or something that makes her want to leave her life.. but nope.. she's just been looking for a way out the whole time and putting the responsibility on a medicine man's palm reading, she leaves her husband, and her life.<br/><br/>As we travel with her, we realize that she's not really taking in what each of these places have to offer (except maybe for the language and non-verbal communication in Italy). The only thing we saw in India was the traffic and the arranged marriage of a minor. And Bali was more of a tourist departments commercial.<br/><br/>Essentially she was a superfluous tourist who just went to three different places without really making any kind of real journey.<br/><br/>The ending is formulaic with no deep meaning. The pace of the movie was very slow. Slow pace can be very good, if it makes the audience think or empathize. In this case, it didn't manage to do either.<br/><br/>I really wanted to walk out of this one. And now I'm curious why the book was so popular? When I read the book last year, I had just lost my job, was looking for a new one and eating everything that was bad for me, so I enjoyed Liz's misery and newfound joys. But now that I'm content, in this new phase of life, I find myself annoyed by people who create their own drama and then whine about it. So I would not have enjoyed the book if I were to read it now. Although everyone does a good job in this film, and the scenery is breathtaking -- now I want to go to Rome!!!-- I really couldn't stand Liz. She has everything but whines about how "I don't even know how to be HERE!" I meet people in my new job who are fighting cancer every day -- they deserve the opportunity to whine (and few do, I might add). But pretty people who have everything and think they deserve more just tick me off. And it was a long painful sit. I do love the men in this movie -- each one of them is so good. And Julia Roberts does what she can with this selfish character. I just don't want to spend any more time with spoiled Liz. The time I spent watching her only ticked me off. I cannot recommend it, unless you're self centered, indulged and rich -- this could be your inspiration. Phoo! Two moments have stayed with me, one in particular: Javier Bardem crying as he says goodbye to his 19 year old son. The moment provokes a reaction on Julia Roberts's character that makes her totally human. The moment comes on the last third of the film so I thought it was a bit too late to start my relationship with her. The other moment happens at the beginning after she decides to walk away from her marriage and realizes she has broken her husband's heart. Terrific Billy Crudup fighting back tears as the elevator door closes. I love Julia Roberts but I can't quite buy her "philosophical face" 42 years of age in the new millennium is far too young for that kind of crisis, specially when the crisis is provoked by something missing in her. So, okay, a journey of discovery, but then...? The discovery is that she knew it all along. What next. I must say the guys in the movie get the prize, third price really. The first price goes to the location, second price to the food - goodness, the food! - and third to the guys. Bardem fantastic, Richard Jenkins superb - Billy Crudup surprisingly real, James Franco also great and Luca Argentero another plus. Okay, I went through registration process just to write this review. Why, because this movie is one hell of a chick flicks (yeah, hell like literally). I'd better go with some Cinderella-stereotypical movie.<br/><br/>As most reviewer have said, this film can't be described with any words except horrible. I haven't read the book (and most likely will never, thanks to this movie), so I can't say anything about it. But MAYBE the book is better than this wretched movie. One thing I know is that; movies tends to ruin everything (like in Eragon, Harry Potter 6, name others)<br/><br/>---SPOILER ALERT---<br/><br/>Okay, here's the deal. The first thirty minutes of the movie made me like "WHAT?!". Yeah, complete with the gaping and eyes threatening to jump out of the sockets. I don't know about the book, but the movie make it seems like; she went to meet some random old-wise-palm-reader, he said that she'd married twice, one long, and one short. And then, the next morning she said to her husband, "Hey, honey, I feels like our marriage isn't going to last long. So, let's divorce!"<br/><br/>Yeah, that was the part when I almost choke myself to death with the chocolate bar I was eating. So, that's it? One random person tells you one random prophecy about your life, and you just like... "Okay, thanks for your 'advice'. I'll do that as soon as possible." What the HELL?! Even if my parents suddenly accusing my husband isn't worthy for having their little girl, I wouldn't just jump into conclusion like that, let alone some random old man that doesn't even remember me.<br/><br/>I didn't really pay attention for the next one and a half hour (I watched it when it was aired in local TV), but even I could get the impression of Liz being the arrogant, self-indulgent, whore, and whiny woman. That's about it. I don't know what to say anymore. This isn't the worst chick flick I've ever watched. This is the WORST MOVIE I've ever watched. And no, I don't recommend it to any of you if you don't want to lose two hours of your precious life. Firstly, I have never written a review about a movie BUT having read through the comments that most of you have left about this movie I just had to. Firstly, why did you bother going to see a movie like this if you are going to completely criticise everything about it; the whole point of the story is ONE PERSON'S life and the personal decisions that someone has to make?!?!?!? Do you not think we hear enough about 'war, famine, rape, murder' in our daily life/news. This movie is/and was never going to be about that – surely title gave it away 'EAT PRAY LOVE' NOT 'FAMINE, CLIMATE CHANGE, MURDER' EPL is a movie about the most intimate thoughts and feelings a of a modern woman who is caught up in a life she does not want and how she develops and changes herself/her life for the benefit herself and others around her – and to most of you that's a selfish thing to do?!?!?! REALLY!!!! I thought that EPL was brilliant. Your comments 'she is selfish', 'what planet is she from'... just because Liz was living a life that society 'thinks' we should be living, (married to a lovely man, beautiful home) does not mean she will be happy doing it does it?! AT LEAST she was a decent and strong person and didn't cheat on her husband (which so many do) or rely on happy pills or alcohol to get herself through the day (which many people do). She took herself away from her life and tried to reconnect with what she wants in life. And I'm also guessing that NONE OF YOU have actually meditated, or spent time in an ashram or been 'silent' for any length of time?! I recommend you do it and then watch the movie again. Regular meditation, being silent for a length of time and all of those other so called 'hippy' things that she does are extremely enlightening and truly magical thing is, not everyone can handle it it's not easy taking a good hard look at yourself. The other interesting thing is that regardless of whether you're happy or unhappy in your current life, the things that Liz incorporates into her life are extremely beneficial and if we all spent time doing those things, life would see much brighter, simpler and happier place. I feel slightly sorry for those that cannot see the simple beauty in this TRUE STORY that was originally meant to be a kind of 'self help' book that things happen for a reason and that people come and go in our life (male, female, young and old) and that you need to be true to yourself to be truly happy in your own skin. The only way to make a movie with an unlikeable, selfish, self-absorbed protagonist worse is to make it WAY too long. That is what we have here, folks. This movie is a monument to both feminist narcissism and boredom. Robert's character whines and complains about a life that most people would love to trade places with. The direction was surprisingly sub-par, as was the acting. Overweight lonely secretaries that have read the book MAY make it through to the end, but everyone else will either be in deep REM or left the theater. Nice scenery for a bicycle ride does not a great movie make. Not kidding, the storyline here is so bad that it makes "Showgirls" look like "L.A. Confidential." This is not even worth a Redbox buck. Just like Sex in the City, this film glorifies female borderline personality disorder. This film highlights fundamental flaws and defects in a woman's character and frames them as character assets. The film starts out with a pampered princess who has a loving and decently handsome husband who falls over himself for his wife (Julia) yet she is discontent due to major character flaws which are likely attributable to selfishness, self-centeredness and arrogance so she she decided to go "find" herself with foreign lovers while eating Italian food.<br/><br/>If this movie's main protagonist were a male, oh my God, could you imagine the female response? A male leaves his adoring, attractive wife to go bang foreign chicks while eating food? He would be considered a complete pig and further considered to be worth killing. These romcoms are now depicting women as these spoiled, privileged brats who are entitled to leave everybody else miserable while they "find themselves". And the people they destroy both mentally and emotionally still "understand" that their torturer is just finding herself. These movies continue to portray hurtful and harmful behavior as a "spiritual awakening". Julia Roberts plays the role of a spoiled, arrogant brat who is full of herself. After her jaunt to India maybe she wants to go join the other vapid female crew over in Dubai for a walk in the desert with no water.<br/><br/>In typical romcom fashion we have the arrogant female who leaves a trail of emotional wreckage in her wake (which we're supposed to discount completely as a sacrifice to the greater good of the female) while she searches the world for hippies, food and lovers. We have these sorry sack men who continue to tell her how great and special she is although she is the complete opposite of these things. We have arrogance and selfishness put on display and covered with a false veil of gold. This woman should be in court losing 1/2 of all her earnings to her husband whom she left to go whore about for no good reason. This woman should be the scourge of the Earth and should receive social contempt for her behavior. However, like most romcoms the female can hurt everyone she knows if it will aid her superficial quest for some kind of make believe fulfillment and then, like Stockholm Syndrome, all her victims will forgive her or tell her she is the most important thing in the world and her happiness comes before anybody or anything else. I can't believe men are still depicted as the heartless characters in films when every romcom depicts evil as good.<br/><br/>This movie made me cringe. I was forced to see it with mom, sister and wife. I told them all that the film literally made me sick. They agreed. This sort of behavior that is being engendered into women is sickening. Women who believe such a film represents anything positive about anything need to have their head checked for borderline personality disorder. Men need to stop treating women like little precious pieces of glass when those same women are not pieces of glass, are not these cute little powerless creatures but are instead, like Liz in the movie, arrogant, snotty, pampered, privileged, rude, morally bankrupt, conniving, selfish dolts who believe that their superficial happiness is worth any emotional cost to other people. Wow. I've always admired Julia Roberts, and was wondering how she would transition to a more mature actress. Not well. Why in the world would she have read this abomination of a script, and said, "Yes, I want to do that movie!"? And the other fine actors must have agreed because Roberts signed on. All the talent in this film can't correct the atrocious script. The film has four chapters, each of which introduces a new male character in a different part of the world, and charts her dysfunctional response to each. It's impossible, I suspect, to have developed each character and story all in a two hour movie. It was so hollow, not only did I feel nothing for the characters (except Bardem), but I felt ambivalence toward them. Lots of narcissistic angst over nothing. The movie had nothing to say.<br/><br/>I want my money back. More important, I want my two hours back. it's that simple, this movie is just an insult for women(more or less intelligent),which i presume is the target audience. for the guys is,well, how should i put it gently, a neverending nightmare of whining,crying, feminist craptalk/attitude, some Italian recipies and goofy love postlude. oh, did i mention selfishness as the main trait of the heroine? in the so called journey she takes to "rediscover" herself, she does nothing more than showing her immense selfish nature fueled by inexplicable feminist outbursts, considering the men around her not only did never abuse her but were(strangely enough)fascinated by her. avoid, time and money are better spent even if watching a "b" minus zombie movie. When I first heard that Elizabeth Gilbert's book, Eat Pray Love, was being adapted for film, the first thought that ran in my mind was, "How could that book be made into a movie?" The book seemed too big for a single movie. I thought, perhaps a mini-series could encapsulate all that is required to fully tell the whole tale, but not a single movie. Also, for me, the most interesting parts of the book are Elizabeth's honestly-raw yet oft-humorous introspections and thoughts and I just couldn't imagine how thoughts could translate well on film without producing one hell of a dull movie.<br/><br/>When I found out Julia Roberts was cast as the main character of Elizabeth, my interest was piqued, so, I looked forward to seeing the movie despite my initial hesitation.<br/><br/>Eat Pray Love opens this Friday but I had the chance to view the film early at a screening tonight. As I had feared, Ryan Murphy's film adaption of the book is flawed, at best. The short synopsis of my review before I give away spoilers is: You should not see this movie if you do not L-O-V-E Julia Roberts or if you have not read the book. As to the former, Julia is the only saving grace in this extremely prolonged movie--her natural charisma and charm are the only reasons I don't say run and run fast away from this movie. But even she cannot make this movie good given its many flaws. As to the latter, if you have not read the book, you just won't get what happens in the US, Italy and India. You all will probably enjoy the scenes in Bali, but then again, that doesn't justify seeing the movie in its entirety. <br/><br/>(Spoilers ahead.) The parts of the book which made the reader relate to Elizabeth on any level are entirely absent on film. Gone is any explanation of the breakdown of the marriage between Elizabeth and her husband, Stephen (played by Billy Crudup) or the prolonged struggle Elizabeth experienced before abandoning her marriage. There is no mention of the fact that Stephen wanted to start a family and Elizabeth's repulsion of the idea. There is no talk of both partners having witnessed the breakdown of Elizabeth into a "madwoman" or that they had been "fighting and crying" or that they had "the eyes of refugees." They are simply shown as a normal couple, living the high life in NYC until Elizabeth decided to leave Stephen.<br/><br/>Also painfully absent is any intensity, addiction, passion or heartache experienced with her boyfriend, David (played by James Franco). If you see the movie without having read the book, you will not understand why Elizabeth leaves this relationship either. She just looks like a shallow, pleasure-seeking, escapist.<br/><br/>Other major themes of the book are entirely stricken. You are never told that Elizabeth got an advance for her book and that is how she paid for the year-long trip or that she practiced celibacy on purpose on her trip to self-discovery. Like the major events in the States, the ones in Italy and India are equally rushed and glossed over. What's worse is that the movie lacked spirituality which is the underlying theme of the book.<br/><br/>At this point, I am running out of steam of how else to convince you that this movie is not very good - I think this movie sucked my energy. So, I will leave you with: See it if you love Julia or have read the book. Otherwise, go see something else. --Parisa Michelle, author, CelebMagnet.com *** This review may contain spoilers ***<br/><br/>It's a waste of time. Don't see this movie. Is the first time a make a review. I read some previous reviews and I have to say, in first instance I DON'T KNOW WHY THE MOVIE HAS MORE THAN ONE STAR. Some say for landscapes, food or even for Javier Bardem, but it is not just. There are plenty of movies center in such topics. For instance "Baraka" for landscapes or "los lunes al sol" for Javier Bardem. It is not fair for other movies put more than one star, just for such things. I watched the movie in a travel, so I should watch. About the half running time I was very upset for spending time is such garbage. I agree with all the bad reviews I've read. I really hope all the women do not believe that is the way to start and look for inner quest. How does she do to pay all the traveling? That was the first I thought when I saw it. There is no reference to the expensive that is. I hope at least one real reason to break her marriage. Even, is good to be selfish this is excessive. And the male characters Are stupid or what? They are so perfect, so soft. Do really is the way of men that women think should be. It feels like really bad soup opera. The mystic characters try to do something for the story but the movie is so focused in Julia's that they vanish. It is also a presumption of movie; I haven't read the book but it seen like there in all those beautiful places just because they can. It a sample of spend money just because they have it. Why not to use in a better proposal. I could try to describe all the characters, but it is a waste. I just tell the end, this "modern woman", having left behind her comfort life including her marriage with a really good husband with no apparent reason, but her feminism, finds herself with another excellent man. She has not any consequence of the decisions she made. That is a very puerile vision. Hope women do not believe this nonsense. I'll start out by saying that the description of this movie didn't appeal to me, and I only saw it because I got a free ticket to a preview.<br/><br/>I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because a few of the supporting characters sometimes call out Liz (Julia Roberts) on her self-absorbed superficial antics. I liked them (the characters, not the antics).<br/><br/>Basically, Liz has a very nice life that is already pretty exciting. She's a writer in NYC who sometimes travels for her job. Her perfectly nice husband appears to love her a lot, thinks about issues like public education, and is interested in going back to school for an MA.<br/><br/>It just isn't enough for Liz, though.<br/><br/>She ditches her husband, has an affair, and speeds off to Italy as soon as the divorce is finalized. She eats. She goes to India, where she finds her ex-boyfriend's guru and prays. She goes to Bali, where she eventually falls in love.<br/><br/>Everywhere she goes, to the very end, Liz needs constant validation and guidance from others. She doesn't grow as a person; she just sees a bunch of stuff and meets a bunch of people.<br/><br/>The movie is too long, but Italy, India, and Bali are showcased nicely (if superficially). I bet Julia Roberts signed on because filming this must have basically been a paid vacation.<br/><br/>The script is pretty bad. Liz complains that one character always seems to talk in bumper stickers, but she should look at her own speech patterns.<br/><br/>I could see how this movie would appeal to some people as an escapist fantasy -- every once in a while, most people think about pushing the eject button on their life and doing something completely different. Still, the impulsive-decision, life-changing journey of self-discovery is a common movie type, and others have done it far, far better. If you've kept up with my reviews (lets pretend you have), you are going to find that the genre I touch most seldom is the romantic comedy. They are by nature a contagious quagmire of failed puns, roads repaved with familiar plots, and their stars have signed with the devil. Enter Julia Roberts, queen of the romcom. No doubt a talented actress, if not the most famous of her generation, Julia has played a big role in cashing in on the average woman's dream.<br/><br/>In her latest effort Julia plays Liz Gilbert in the autobiographical book turned movie Eat Pray Love. Liz is a writer visiting Bali in search of a wise/toothless medicine man. He reads the palm of her hand and she takes everything to gospel. Leaving behind husband Stephen (Billy Crudup), Liz seeks out new adventure in the form of exotic cuisine, Eastern religion, and male suitors.<br/><br/>Eat Pray Love is directed by Ryan Murphy. Murphy is best known as the creator of Glee, last year's breakout TV show about misfits who triumph through song. With his name in the mix people are going to be disappointed that Julia and friends don't break out into song and dance. Even if you consider that Murphy could have interests outside of musicals, you'd expect some sassy dialog exchanges like those seen on the show between the characters Will Schuester and Sue Sylvester. Hate to disappoint you but that's not going to happen either.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts is a darling despite the degrading material and I'm sure the draw of her chowing down will appeal to the target demographic until they realize that phase is left behind once Liz leaves Italy. If this were the story of a woman looking for the best things in life, I wouldn't take as much issue as I do. See, that's how one half of the population would view the plot. I see it more along the lines of a typical entry in the long catalog of films where the female lead has no idea what she's looking for in her life so she does whatever is irrational and fun because that's how movie magic works. Liz throws out a man who has given the viewer no reason for dismissal, but this is standard procedure in a chick flick because here woman can do anything and their lives will always improve. I've encountered far too many girls who take these plots to heart and implement them in the real world, leaving a trail of confused men in their wake. I'm a guy, and I'm not dumb enough to think that all the explosions I see in the films designed for my gender need to be realized at home.<br/><br/>What Eat Pray Love has going for it is a borderline competency that lifts it slightly above film festival rejects. Actually the presence of A-list talent and obvious travel expenses add more to the production value than any cinematic technique on display. Many scenes are littered with mishandled lights, resulting in a glaucoma simulation that gave me a headache. It's even a tossup as to whether or not to anoint the audio as clear since half of Javier Bardem's dialog would be read as inaudible should one rent the Blu-ray down the road and turn on subtitles. Speaking of Bardem, his character's late appearance goes against every screen writing rule. In fact, it felt like I was two hours into Eat Pray Love before I started to question whether or not I had seen him in the TV spots. <br/><br/>There is so little of consequence taking place that I don't understand why this is a movie. Plenty of books have plots that don't equate into a two-hour film and many of those actually have tension. Liz's only conflict is from her own sociopath concepts. She's established early on as a poor playwright, highly gullible, and dare I say spoiled. These are not desirable traits. It's amazing how easily everyone accepts Liz. Italy, India, and Indonesia extend nothing but open arms and everyone who she turns to for advise is essentially the same character with the one exception being Richard from Texas (Richard Jenkins)—the sole character that doesn't seem to exist for Liz's personal amusement. I haven't seen such a patronizing, boring, alleged comedy in years. Eat Pray Love is a marathon that will surely test any burgeoning relationship and possibly cause a divorce. Girls, if your male friend can stomach this you've either found an idiot or a liar. Pray for mercy. Yes, "cancellare" this movie from your list of things-to-do! I would say it was a waste of time but I've spent so much time thinking about why I thought it was a bad movie I've actually had some self-discovery moments.<br/><br/>But enough about me, the supposed heroine in this movie is rather selfish, the movie applauds her selfishness, and in the end I don't think she has actually moved from where she started. I read another review that questioned why this is even a movie. My thoughts exactly. At one point in the movie Julia Robert's character, Liz, asks another character if he always speaks in bumper sticker. I was thinking that about the entire movie, almost right from the start. The only thing that got me through it was that I am an optimist and kept thinking it would get better. Some of the views were beautiful but there were moments when the camera was spinning around so much I was almost nauseous. So to sum it up, in Italy I wasn't watching Liz learn to enjoy nourishment, I was wondering who was going to do all the dishes. And in India I wasn't watching Liz learn to pray; I was wondering why she was praying to a picture frame of her ex-lover's guru. When she finally gets to Bali I thought maybe the movie would gain substance. Instead Liz jumps on a boat with a guy who was a little heavy handed in the control department because her guru gave her permission. In my opinion there was no "attraversi" for poor Liz. The only crossover she made was across the Atlantic. This movie it's about a journey in your life. Many people doesn't understand this message that movie reveal. Traveling it's discovering peace and wisdom to settle down your soul and life. Most of the people they live to achieve, not to feel. This movie it's about FEELING and discovering your life.<br/><br/>Julia she's a great actor. Bali it's a wonder island...just beautiful. When I watched this movie, I wasn't expecting much because of the reviews of the book I had read on Amazon. However, I found the movie much better than I had expected. But I have to say that I am really puzzled by all the very negative reviews. I have seen lot worse movies but this isn't one of them and don't understand why most of the reviews really slam this movie and are so hard on the main character. Yes this is a movie about a divorced woman trying to heal and, consequently, the focus IS on her. I don't' think she was being selfish. She wasn't going out to save the world - just herself. Maybe it's because I am recently separated myself that I could relate more to Lizzy. Eat Pray Love was meaningful to me. After watching the movie, I read the book and have to say that the movie is better. But the book gave me a better understanding of where she was coming from. Obviously this movie isn't for everyone, but it was for me. Well.... I expected the worst.... but it was not that bad at all! It is perhaps a bit too polished, too clean. To my taste the film could have dealt with a bit more realism and also a little bit of adult 'umpf'. The woman experiences love, but sexuality is totally invisible. Except for the Australian guy naked at the beach, who gets ditched by Miss Liz (lots of male viewers will be irritated by this: the man is giving himself to this woman but she ignores him (probably because it would be a sexual fling only). The male viewers will most likely feel irritated and 'substitutely ignored' throughout the whole movie because she is drawing her own plan without paying any attention to the men close to her). Furthermore I can imagine this movie is not working for traditionalistic people. Nor for practicing Christians, Scientoligists, Jews, Muslims or whatever. The movie, therefor is a bit too much about shopping for spirituality. She ignores all monotheistic religions and thus denying the existence of one God (I can see people thinking, or unconsciously feeling about this: 'Are we, is our culture not good enough for you?') And it is also about a woman taking her own path: breaking with traditional expectations, not knowing what she wants in life but she wants to experience 'the world', life 'out there'. Which is also difficult to digest for people who think she had the perfect life. They just will not be able to relate to her.<br/><br/>So... it is not an award winning movie, but it is rather entertaining and it is softly trying to be spiritual. Albeit that the (non sexual, or invisible sexual) romance dominates above the spiritual message.<br/><br/>The movie is a bit on the soft side though: without raw, real emotions. And another note: the characters operate all in humid warm environments, but their hair stays too shampooed, and the clothes too ironed.<br/><br/>Go see it when you are in a romantic mood, on a summers evening. On a winter evening with candles and wine. Or when you are planning to go on a holiday or when you want to go on that big adventure. You can watch it with your kids though. Or after a Shrek movie or so, when the kids are put to bed and when it is mum time. (Although I as a man also felt entertained).<br/><br/>Do not expect spiritual enlightenment. Expect innocent sweet romance. Most people I know are going to see this film for Julia Roberts. It is that mysterious link that film stars create with their audiences. We develop a sort of craving to see them again. So a new Julia Roberts movie? Sure. Absolutely. I'm only a few years younger than Julia Roberts which means we have grown together. So, to see her play a woman facing a sort of middle age crisis makes you look inwards with a smile, the nervous kind. I must also say I'm a guy, heterosexual, but not fanatically so. I don't have the fears that, Jay Leno for instance, shows, when confronted by a "chick flick" If anything "Eat Pray Love" proves that men and women are not that far apart, we simply deal with the same problems in different ways. Here, the filmmakers don't shy away from the conflict and the balance is real. Julia's husband, played beautifully by Billy Crudup, accuses her of leaving the marriage without an explanation. He is the one with the broken heart. In Italy, Julia eats and our own gastric juices start to do their thing. I glanced at my watch, I was ready to run into the nearest Italian restaurant and have a relationship with a pizza myself. Italy, Rome and even Naples look so clean that I hardly recognized it. CGI? Luca Argentero plays Julia's tutor/tourist guide. He is a good looking guy that after appearing in the Italian version of the Big Brother reality show, he became a sort of local movie star and shows promising acting chops. Here, strangely enough, he looks small but charming all the same. India brings the wonderful Richard Jenkins and a solid piece of advise: "don't give up on love" Bali, well, Bali is something else and it is there that Javier Bardem comes into the picture and provides us with the best scene in the film. I'm not going to tell you what it is but let me just say that involves his son and gives us, finally, a side of Julia we didn't know how much we missed. Empathy. Feeling something for somebody else's feelings. I think I may see the film a second time just to see that scene again. I also should mention that James Franco plays a young actor - not what I call a stretch - considering he is my favorite of the young actors around. I will challenge other members of my sex to go and see it. Not to be afraid to feel identified or even chocked up. I can assure you it's not going to diminish you manliness in any way and will awake your appetites, big time. Julia Roberts is one of my favourite performers and Viola Davis can do sublime work, so what happened in this adaptation of the fantastic memoirs in the original source? For starters, we have a complete lack of coherence and inspiration, and for a non fiction account which is based on the up and downs of someone's accounts in one very crucial year of her life, we are presented with a shiny package with nothing in its core, a flatline, a boring piece that doesn't even have enough of the usual glow in the leading lady's smile. She wanders around some of the gorgeous and spiritual locales on this planet, and we are left wandering why is it that no strings have been pulled, that I haven't even felt a hint of manipulaton for us to surrender to the idea that we are supposed to be traveling this road to self-fulfillment and redemption with her. There are some glorious moments in the book about the experience of having that food in Italy, and yet, we don't even know what makes the pizza in that scene worth the trip there... Not that people have to read the book to understand what's going on; the adaptation should give us enough to know what is going on, and the director should provide us with the product that will makes us feel something.<br/><br/>The audience I sat with was just sitting there, waiting, wondering, expecting something to pop and take us away from that state of lifelessness. The film dragged interminably, and not much was happening. The experience was worse than seeing someone's vacation pictures. At least, there we have some meaning behind the shots, someone gives us a personal graphic representation of the trip, of those special moments. Amazingly, this film doesn't give us anything but some beautiful takes, some very boring scenes, a couple of tears for no reason at all, and lots of time to pray that this mess ends quickly.<br/><br/>Recently, I sat in another film, and by its exciting climax, after 90 minutes of subtitles and some tight writing, I thought my heart was going to jump out of my chest with all the emotion that was building there for a while. It wasn't a loud movie, a simplistic tale, or a gimmick. It was s simple story of someone's dreams coming true, only in the way movies can show it. Now, if that fictional piece delivered, why someone's real life experience, a proved fact by the way the book had been embraced, had failed some miserably.<br/><br/>Can we eat something while we pray that there is a remake we can love? Most people wrote negative comments and opinions about the movie "Eat Pray Love". Some say that it's a story about a girl who particularly has "everything" in life but is never contented with it. For some, Liz' life was perfect as it is. A good husband and a potential to have a great family, a best friend who understands, etc. and find her selfish for neglecting all this things for egotistical reasons. I, on the other hand, sees it the other way around. Those who threw negative feedback about this movie doesn't fully understand the quintessence of bareness. Here's a little spoiler: In this movie, Liz broke off her marriage with Stephen which is one of the main reasons why this movie got only a passing rating. Liz did not leave her husband because she didn't love him, she left because she realized that the love she had for him pushed her nearer to live a life filled only with "idealistic" comfort. She had realized that the life she had in New York was the kind of existence of a person lived with a soul of emptiness. Sadly, Liz was the only one brave enough to admit this bitter fact and was the only one who had the courage to face it. Would she have stayed then it was absolute that things would have gotten out of hand as their marriage passes by. <br/><br/>I think this movie has a great impact in each one of us. If you dig deeper into the story, then you'll realize that if you find truth in your life, may it through be an external or internal journey, it will help you live a life of content and satisfactorily. An existence lived with a life of balance. Another piece of drek from hack writer Elizabeth Gilbert . The bowl of pasta should get a best supporting actor nod as it is the most animated thing in the entire movie . Julia Robert's braying laugh is thankfully little used in this Chick flick unextordinaire . Can you say self-indulgent ? Seeing Gilbert's journey play out on a 40-foot screen only magnifies the flaws lurking at the margins of the book. There are meltdowns, a rebound fling with David (James Franco) and then Liz sets off on a year-long trek to find herself, with planned stops in Italy, India and Indonesia. If she did find herself I wonder if she was as underwhelmed at her discovery as the audience was . Altogether, the topic, the locations, the atmospheres, the acting made me enjoy the movie more than the book. I read the book and found it OK, but not like fantastic (almost like the Alchymist by Coehlo; sort of simple enough for anyone to understand, but deep enough for a lot of people to feel intellectual or in touch with new thoughts). But for the movie I had low expectations, based on the reviews - nonetheless I was positively surprised, though left wondering if most critics are just a bunch of sheep following a path (made by an old sheep who left decades ago)? And hence, obliged to hate any woman prioritizing herself?<br/><br/>The movie deals with a topic that very few (American) movies actually deal with - our inner lives and pursuits for balance and happiness. Maybe because it is difficult, as it is a somewhat stand still, internal journey. But EPL has made it possible by wrapping it into an external journey too. <br/><br/>But my main point adding to the other reviews: Some of the criticism of the movie is that the main character doesn't seem to have a good reason to be unhappy, and to leave her husband. However, what is dealt with in the book, but not comes across in the movie, is that she and her husband are to trying to have a baby, as is expected by "people" (and by her husband). EG discovers in this process that she is still not ready for children, in fact she never will be. She doesn't feel cut for it at all, and if she has a child, she feel she'll lose herself (her new husband got himself fixed before he met her, so there was never a question about it). To choose away what many women view as a deed to validate their existence; having children, is tough and scary. One will be judged. Also, she knew her husband's expectation of building a family was not unreasonable, making her feel ashamed and different. This is one of the key reasons for her to start praying; to be able to follow her own instincts, breaking the conventional norms. By excluding from the script this realization for the main character, the viewer is left puzzled with what is wrong in this marriage, there is something that doesn't make sense here. Too bad, leaving this issue out, as it would've added another dimension to the movie and increase the viewers understanding of why EG and her husband should split.<br/><br/>I can't help wonder why they chose to eliminate it from the story, whether it is because it would not appeal to conservative American women who after all are the majority of the box office customers for this movie? Or whether the movie creator thought it wouldn't make a difference? After all it made the whole lot of difference to the marriage, and was a impetus for her entire journey. This movie opens the door to the individual's enlightenment. Will surely teach people, no matter their genre, to say No and cut a relationship in which they feel trapped, without being happy. Just cut it and leave it all behind. No more past, not even future, just TODAY. We must be happy and live our lives today, being balanced, without accepting interferences. I did it, I left luxury behind but never felt more happy and free then in my past 2 years. The haters of this movie are actually haters of their own lives, not having the courage to admit they, too, would do it, IF they had the guts. No matter their genre! So, from my part, big shouts for the revolutionary ideas this movie promoted, and people, be free to find happiness again and to love one more time as much that your stomach hurts! Despite the lousy average of stars on IMDb, I liked the movie a lot. Admittedly some characters are only sketched (the first and second boyfriend), but the movie poses some serious questions, and I completely disagree with reviewers who say that it has nothing to say. I like Roberts as actress, and she's very good also in this more serious and tormented character. Bardem is also quite good. I may be just in the right age- group for this movie: at 41 some of the questions that it poses just resonate with me, but I think it is also a likable movie in itself, with some funny moments, a wonderful setting (Rome is always beautiful and Bali is a dream), and very nice music. As an Italian, I may find some of the views on my Country a little stereotyped, but not in an offensive or stupid way: just a bit superficial. All in all, I liked it. Only suggestions is to watch it after dinner, otherwise you will suffer... Okay, I really wanted to like this movie, but my first clue that it was going to be bad was Jullia's "comb-over" head of hair in the beginning. My friends and I couldn't get past her very obviously over-botoxed upper lip (and I'm a Julia fan since "Mystic Pizza" days), or her near identical resemblance to Kyra Sedgewick (Kyra post plastic surgery, not before). It may not have been so obvious if she still weren't trying to pull off her old trademarks of either licking her lips constantly or opening and closing her mouth, or had we not had to have been exposed to close-ups of her slurping spaghetti and tagliatelli in Italy. Julia aside, the visuals were beautiful, plot sucked (stretched a bit of the book). Doesn't everyone go to Italy and meet a group of gorgeous people in no time (then cook them all a nice Thanksgiving dinner), or head to India and become the hostess for all of the new arrivals. By the time Julia got to Bali and was dancing drunk with some bongo drummer (and guffawing her loud he-haw laugh), my three girlfriends were begging to leave the theater, which we did. I think this was the first Julia Roberts film that I ever hated. I wanted to leave the theater before she left Rome, but was with my wife. After the film I found out she hated it as much as me. We did chat a little and thought it would make wonderful parody film--- picture Will Ferrell as a husband who is fed up and decides to travel to three cities... and visit The New York Yankees; The Dallas Cowboys; and the Los Angeles Lakers, as a way to get in touch with his inner man. Along the way there could be lots of drinking, cheering and preying on women in bars and cheerleaders. My favorite seen in the film was the end photo where it showed her former husband looking happy in his new family! I went to the first showing in my city. It was a Friday afternoon and was full of mostly women ages 40 to 75. The movie is thoughtful. It should make you think about your own self and the choices you make in life - both good and bad.<br/><br/>This movie is not for those who don't contemplate life at all and who just follow along with the crowd because they only want to do the "in" thing.<br/><br/>I've heard of two men who saw it and liked it very much. But then, though married men who went with their wives, they are also more inward and thoughtful. Most films avoid themes about self awareness, personal growth, and transformation, settling instead for comedy and drama within accepted religious or community guidelines. This subject matter, however, is tackled head on (if somewhat superficially) in Eat Pray Love, a film by Ryan Murphy based on the best selling book by Elizabeth Gilbert. Written by the director and Jonathan Salt, Eat Pray Love starring Julia Roberts as Liz Gilbert is an entrancing travelogue, a romantic comedy, and a spiritual adventure all wrapped in one engaging package. Liz is looking for personal growth and enhanced self-awareness as summarized in Werner Erhard's discussion of transformation, "You get to look deep down and find out something profound about yourself", he said. "You come to know yourself, not what you think, not what you feel, but you come to know yourself honestly." Julia is a sure box office draw and almost an American film icon and her performance more than lives up to expectations. Liz Gilbert is a prominent New York journalist. Although married now for eight years, Liz can no longer relate to her husband's (Billy Cruddup) ambitious lifestyle. When he asks for a trip to Aruba, she asks for a divorce. Though at first unwilling, Stephen finally agrees. Shortly thereafter, Liz begins a relationship with David (James Franco), a handsome actor who has a spiritual side and is devoted to a woman guru in India. Eventually Liz is torn by what seems to be her controlling nature or perhaps it is that her personality becomes subsumed by the demands of each relationship. Looking into herself, Liz experiences her own guilt and regret.<br/><br/>Like others seeking transformation, she is perhaps somewhat self absorbed but is clearly a woman who longs for a more satisfying life. To this end, she decides to take a year off from her work and travels to distant places such as Italy, India, and Bali in hopes of finding herself. In Italy she meets Sofie (Tuva Novatny), a young woman from Sweden who is also looking for fulfillment. Sofie guides her to her Italian tutor (Luca Argentero) and his friend Luca Spaghetti (that's right) played by Giuseppe Gandini. Luca tells Liz that Americans work too hard and know nothing about pleasure. Taking his advice seriously, Liz savors the delights of Italian food, devouring some sumptuous-looking spaghetti and even taking a side trip to Naples to discover the wonders of Italian pizza. As she slowly senses her passion for life returning, she decides to end her affair with David via e-mail.<br/><br/>In gratitude for the love and support she has received from her new found friends in Italy, Liz prepares a Thanksgiving dinner before leaving for a Hindu ashram in a rural village in India. During the process of scrubbing floors as part of her service to the ashram, she meets and becomes friends with Tulsi (Rush**a Singh) a young Indian girl who is unhappy about her upcoming arranged marriage. Liz also becomes good friends with Richard (Richard Jenkins), an American from Texas, who is suffering from his own personal pain. Richard advises Liz to forgive herself and let go of the past. His counsel is to live in the present moment and, in one of the emotional highlights of the films, tells Liz about his own battle with guilt and remorse.<br/><br/>On the last leg of her trip in Bali, Liz discovers that the external God that she has been seeking lies within herself and that she has the power to transform her own life. Her final challenge occurs when she meets a handsome divorced Brazilian Felipe (Javier Bardem). Mirroring Anais Nin's conflict in deciding whether the risk "to remain tight in the bud is more painful than the risk it takes to blossom," she struggles with the choice of holding to her new found spiritual and personal reality or giving herself completely in a relationship.<br/><br/>By the end of the film, though Liz has a way still to go (like all of us), her spiritual journey has made her more self aware and has brought her closer to self acceptance and personal transformation. It turns out that her real voyage of discovery lay in Proust's phrase, "not in seeing new landscapes but in having new eyes." Eat Pray Love is engaging and inspiring for anyone who is seeking a deeper understanding of what makes life work. I dove into this movie without knowing what it's really about except I know it's a movie about finding oneself and it's directed by Ryan Murphy. I read some reviews about it too --- and there's really no scarcity of negative reviews about this one.<br/><br/>In the first 30 minutes of the movie, I figured why a lot of people didn't like this movie. Audience are used to likable protagonists and humorous antagonists that Liz Gilbert didn't even stand a chance. You really have to keep an open mind in watching the movie.<br/><br/>Liz Gilbert is a rare breed and for a lot of people, she's selfish, clueless, insatiable and mostly lost. It's hard to connect and sympathize with such a person who will leave their spouse just because they don't feel right. Why would we? From the outside, life seems to be perfect for her --- she has an adoring husband, a great job, a great house ---- everything that almost everybody wants.<br/><br/>Not everyone is such. It's the beauty of movies, you get to witness life happen from a different perspective. And with this, I appreciate what I saw in the movie. It's really not the greatest but it was an exploration and an honest one which is hard to come by.<br/><br/>I don't know if it's really a journey towards finding yourself but to me, it was more a journey towards forgiving yourself for wanting something not everybody would understand. I guess if it's hard to be brave to do the right thing, it's harder to find the courage to choose to do something for your happiness despite the fact it that will make you despicable.<br/><br/>Not everyone will have the courage to break away from something but what struck me the most is her ability to verbalize that she doesn't feel anymore. I mean, can you imagine yourself not feeling anything? From that standpoint, I totally understood her reasons for leaving even if a lot of people would see her as the most evil wife in history. I guess I would have to compare it to remodeling a house. In order to make something new and fantastic, you have to break down walls, tear down the order of things.<br/><br/>Through her journey, she was constantly mocked for her choices, for not wanting to be married, for not wanting to have kids, for quitting that easily. And in the end, there was really no amazing discovery or reinvention. All there was, is a woman that finally managed to forgive herself so she can move on.<br/><br/>By no means this movie is a masterpiece but it was a unique voice and a refreshing perspective in an age where most movies are purged with molds for antagonists and protagonists. I just kinda wish they didn't cast Julia Roberts for this. Either they are trying to balance out the unlikable with the likable actress but I think it doesn't work. Diane Lane or Cate Blanchett would have been wonderful in this one. This movie is from a book praised by Oprah (do we need the last name?), proving that her so-called retirement from daytime television was long overdue. A sappy, soapy melodrama about successful New York Sex-in-the-City Carrie-clone and reporter with no special insights into modern living Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts, who once again gives such a bland performance that it leaves me wondering how she ever became a superstar), who takes a sabbatical from her boring marriage and goes to Rome ("eat", what else does Rome stand for?), an Indian ashram ("pray"; ditto) and Bali ("love", surprise, surprise). So, when all is said and done, this "liberating" and "inspirational" tale is about someone who gets bored with a conventional marriage, where hubby Billy Crudup's worst sin is that he can't get a high-powered job and is in love with his wife. So why did she marry the schlemiel, who as it turns out is a good guy who's just not as ambitious as his self-indulgent and spoiled wife (for God's sake, she rejects Billy Crudup, James Franco and, initially, Javier Bardem; I won't count the India episode since it's not so clear that Ashram prayer buddy Richard Jenkins "Richard from Texas" is interested in her; another great performance wasted by this maudlin movie, BTW; Jenkins is always good). What's wrong with the script is the horribly self-indulgent watered-down experience that passes for insight and spiritual development: when in Italy, you eat, right? So we get a series of vignettes and interactions showing people eating, as if that's all Italians do. And it's not even the gastronomic orgy of La Grande Bouffe – people are eating pizza, pasta, drinking house wine, bottled water and lemonade: in brief, what Italians do every day without thinking of it as a soul shaking experience. Off to India for more insight; after all, it's the homeland of the spiritual in the limited Oprah-level assortment of stereotypes (not to slam Oprah too much, but daytime TV where she reigned was the spiritual homeland of the bored middle class suburban housewife). The only thing Liz learns is that she's not really so comfortable with the disciplined and ascetic lifestyle of the Ashram monks. So off to Bali, an earthly paradise, where she meets Javier, a slightly damaged divorced guy, whose only real baggage seems to be that he loves his children a lot and that he was hurt by the divorce; in other words, a nice, normal guy who inexplicably falls in love with our heroine (this is another American-Hollywood-Oprah stereotype, that every woman can attract any man, even a woman as bereft of sex appeal, wit and charm as Our Heroine). Liz almost leaves him but in the end, but, well, guess what? They Find Each Other. In Capitals. So what do we learn? That inner peace comes from love? Liz had all sorts of love offers from dishy, sensitive guys all over the world, so it can't be that. Inner peace comes from not working and living on the beach on Bali? Well, actually, I can buy that more than the finding-myself-through-love theme. Maybe the message is not to overeat? In fact, they don't. Maybe compared to Hollywood actresses living on egg whites, yes, but nobody gets fat eating the food in Italy except Mr Spaghetti (yes, that's the name the writers came up with as a joke), some friend of friend, who is only slightly rotund in any case. Maybe hard work, getting up early, some attempt at self-insight through quiet and meditation and a disciplined lifestyle (India) are good things? Maybe, but Liz runs away from them no wiser than when she arrived. So I guess it's back to the True Love theme, at least in this boring American middle class scenario in which love can rear its ugly head as long as Her Highness makes her man (Javier) more or less swear that he'll never grow a pair; that would disturb her feeble storyline that Love Is Okay As Long As I Don't Commit. Again, with the capitals. It's not me; it's the scriptwriters, who manage to make Javier seem wimpy, which is pretty hard after No Country for Old Men and his recent Bond flick. In brief, a self-indulgent piece of claptrap. It's not even a good RomCom or Chick Flick. It takes itself much too seriously to be easily pegged. This is why the world hates Americans. I had a feeling I would enjoy this but did not know how much. From the beginning to the end this movie was enjoyable from all the gorgeous food to all the meaning in the story. I feel I can relate to the main character and fell in love with her story. In life I think everyone can learn something from this story. If it is not for a simple thing like enjoying the moment, living life, and just finding how to get out of a personal rough. It will all turn out better than you could ever expect.<br/><br/>I loved this movie with all my heart and am going to the store in the morning and buying the book so I can read it and enjoy parts that were left out. I have not seen a movie this good since Avatar. That is my all time favorite movie and this is my new number two. A beautiful experience in faith, love, friendship, and that wonderful food that made me want to jump into the screen to take a bite! I love it! Despite what the previous male reviewer wrote, we have plenty of films about men having mid-life crises and dating 20 year olds, leaving their wives and families, and cheating on their girlfriends. That is not a logical basis for saying Eat, Pray, Love presents a woman with "personality disorder". From James Bond to "The Vanishing Point" personality disordered men abound in film. How about we leave the pop psychology at home and just review the film? For reasons that we are not privy to in the film, Liz is simply not happy in her marriage. It happens, and it is not a personality disorder. It happens to men, too. She takes a wonderful journey around the world trying to make peace with herself and rediscover the joy in life. In the end, she learns to trust again, and to risk failure in love. It is a deeply touching film, and I am truly shocked at the way it has been misrepresented in other review. This is one of the best movies I have seen. But I am female. I doubt many men can appreciate this movie. Yes, the movie IS all about Liz (Julia), because it's supposed to be! It's all about HER struggle and the mistakes she makes along the way! She does not have a disorder as some have mentioned...she is simply a woman finding her peace in life and makes some poor decisions while doing so. We've ALL done so...and this is such a beautifully moving film that I cannot see how you cannot love it unless you are unable to let go and feel. I don't even normally appreciate Julia Roberts, but in this film she is incredible. She allows her vulnerability to show through...and this is a great sign of strength, not weakness. Any woman who has struggled at times in her life with following her own true inner voice despite what everyone else wants will appreciate this movie. I usually have a tough time with chick flicks, and it was with great chagrin that I learned that the Friday rental of the house would be Eat Pray Love starring (arguably the chick flick queen) Julia Roberts. I thought I would hate it, I expected to see a sappy tear-jerker with Roberts playing her usual character.<br/><br/>Exactly what I got. Roberts almost cruelly and certainly suddenly/without warning leaves her husband (Billy Crudup) to travel the world, visiting Rome to Eat, India to Pray, and Bali to Love. During her adventures she meets Javier Bardem, Richard Jenkins, and many others.<br/><br/>Won't lie, I enjoyed quite a bit of this. A lot of the film is Julia Roberts being Julia Roberts, treading no new ground and playing her usual boring role. But, I suppose, that was the point. The character she plays is boring and normal, and even when she travels across the world Roberts does little to show the changes her character experiences. Can't say I really liked her character, which provided a bizarre feeling for the entirety of the movie. Was I supposed to root for Julia? Who knows.<br/><br/>EPL has some remarkable cinematography that deserves noting. I was surprised it wasn't nodded towards at the Oscars this year; shots of all these countries are beautifully represented. The script lags the most in Rome, but really picks up in India and Bali. As I said, Roberts is an unsympathetic character, but each travel experience brings interesting characters. Richard Jenkins, undoubtedly the most underrated actors ever, shines in his role of Richard from Texas in India. Bardem is good as well, but that's not a surprise. These two are the bright spots here.<br/><br/>If you've seen the trailer you've seen the movie, but if you're not looking for that much I think you'll be as surprised as I was. Worth it for the cinematography and characters. Plus, for that Friday-night chick flick your girlfriend picks out, you could do worse. When I heard about this movie, I knew little about it. In fact, all I knew was that it was based on a very popular book. I have never read the book, so I cannot offer a comparison between the two. However, I can recommend the movie.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts plays Liz Gilbert, a woman who takes a close look at her life and realizes she needs a change. She seeks a divorce from her husband and decides to travel to Italy, India, and Bali for a year to find herself.<br/><br/>On her stops to each country, she meets up with several colorful characters, and begins to see that many people have problems in their lives, and they are also trying to find balance like she is.<br/><br/>Roberts is great as usual in her portrayal of Liz Gilbert. Javier Bardem is well cast as Felipe, and Richard Jenkins deserves a nod for his performance as Richard.<br/><br/>The cinematography is excellent. Each of the countries have beautiful spots and the camera work is great as far as showing that beauty.<br/><br/>This is a fine film. I cannot speak for the other reviewers, or for the movie's user rating, but I say it is worth watching. This movie is a perfect example of how a woman's life can change in a year as of the decisions she makes. Julia Roberts gave meaning to her role as she played every detail with much love and passion. I enjoyed watching this movie, as it reminded me of the important things in life. The movie contains all the three essential things a woman needs to do- eat, pray, love. These three little things matter so much that, I believe, a woman needs to do to live a happy life. Julia's character changes her life entirely in a year, and that is a perfect example for all women that anything can happen if you just have faith and trust the magic of new beggings. Must watch for every woman. Movies are visual. Thoughts and feelings need to be shown and not talked about in dialogue or voice over.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts's lips fill the screen. The food is sharp and in focus, Julia's face, not so much.<br/><br/>There are moments but the movie is way too long. (Writen and directed by.) There was no need to flash back to the failed marriage, especially two dance scenes. Too much time is spent in Italy. It gets more interesting with Richard Jenkins and Javier Bardem.<br/><br/>Pretty scenery. Fun music track. Nice elephant. No sense of urgency. Awkward transitions. Will Julia Roberts learn to love herself? What do you think? By the time she decides to get in the boat, all you'll care about is to get to the rest room. Wow. What a crummy film. I can't believe I watched 80% of this piece of rubbish before tuning it out. I guess the great food and scenery were compelling to some extent--or easy and dull, like flipping through an old issue of 'People' magazine at the dentist's office. Why is it so bad? Well, Julia Roberts is probably the main reason, I guess. She smiles that photogenic, 1000-watt smile of hers to show that she is wise, and kind, and really getting it, and grooving on life and having all sorts of epiphanies, but Jeezum-Crow, it comes off as phony as a three-dollar bill. There are no hard-won revelations, just the superficial navel-gazing of an upper-middle-class American tourist on a shallow 'spiritual' quest. She should have stayed home and read an old Shirley MaClaine pop psych opus. Putrid. Why do we watch movies? To live vicariously through other people, to step away for a moment, to experience an array of emotions we don't always get to experience in our lives. Its a release. Eat, Pray, Love? Hard to watch. Painful in fact. No release there, no lessons, no joy. Unfounded arguments, I could not for a second feel any compassion or sorrow or even simple understanding for this lady. Only real moment: Javier saying goodbye to his son. It made me angry at this Liz lady, and all her self whiny centered-ness. Bad script, terrible. Common thread: men. Lessons: none. Only positives: the Food, the wine, Javier, Richard, James and Billy. Oh, Eddie Vedder too. And that is it. 2.5 hours of tedium and I got it from Netflix and watched on my comfy couch. I kept thinking that if I'd paid money to see this in a theater I might've lost my mind.<br/><br/>If someone had "Moonstruck" Liz and slapped her face and said, "Snap out of it" it might have saved this bore, but watching Julia Roberts in EVERY scene of the movie, except the scenic shots, tells you that there is nothing but badly played drama. Liz seems to have emotional development and then reverts back to melancholy at the worst moments. It seems incongruent that someone as bold as she is geographically could be so weak emotionally. <br/><br/>The only redeeming qualities of the movie are the beautiful scenery shots, particularly of Bali. I really don't know what all the negative reviews are about. I quite liked the film and it left me with a good feeling. I found the spacial and inner journey of Liz quite sincere. In real life inner strife and the solutions one finds about them are never very well rounded and perfect as is, apparently, expected from modern cinema. I do think one can find clues of what to enjoy in life, what to strive for. You don't have to go to Italy to enjoy good, healthy food. You don't have to be India to try to find some kind of inner silence in the noisy chaos that is the brain. And you don't have to be in Bali to find your own personal Javier Bardem. No, this film doesn't give you an a-ha moment that will solve all your problems. And yes, it is very enjoyable. I was reading comments prior to posting my own and thought "really?" I couldn't figure how so many people gave such terrible ratings. Was it my favorite movie of the year? No. But, it ranked in the top 10.. I guess I got something totally different out of it.<br/><br/>Haven't we all been there before? Thought we knew what we wanted and then realized we made a mistake, then another mistake and couldn't figure out what we were doing wrong? To me, this moving is about finding yourself, something we all have to do at some point in our lives. This wasn't about what she had or didn't have.. It was about loving yourself enough to love another person.<br/><br/>The journey she took was a beautiful journey. I will give you, it was just a little slow in the beginning, but not terribly slow.<br/><br/>There was a line near the end where she says that with all of our mistakes in life, we need to know those mistakes are part of the future we will have.<br/><br/>I can tell you I've lived that first hand. I liked the movie and would probably buy it and keep it on hand. I found it spiritual and moving. I rarely leave before a film is finished, but I walked out of this one. There was so much wrong with it. To start with, I kept waiting for a reason to care about this character. She was utterly unsympathetic and utterly uninteresting. I felt she should have just taken a Prozac and gotten on with her life. And then there were the mistakes, huge ones. I can't stand a film that assumes ignorance on my part. She's tucking into a plate of pasta, and enjoying it immensely. The soundtrack is opera. But does it have to be a German opera? It's Mozart's Die Zauberflote (The Magic Flute). There's no Mozart aria in Italian that would suffice? Nothing by Verdi or Puccini? She and her pals toodle around in a cute little car. It's a Citroen Deux Chevaux, a French car. The last time I looked, the Italians have plenty of sporty little cars of their own. She eats a Napoleon pastry with her new Swedish friend, who has to tell us she's Swedish because we'd never know it from her completely American accent. Only problem is that you can't get a Napoleon in Italy, at least not one that's called that. He invaded and humiliated the country; they're not about to honor him. Couldn't have a cannoli instead? I could go on, but you see my point. I left the theatre before she leaves for India. Perhaps the movie gets better at that point, but I doubt it. Maybe if she arrives during the terrorist attacks in Mumbai a few years back, the film will pick up some speed. "Eat Pray Love" invites us to follow a narcissistic, self-absorbed woman pleasure herself for nearly two and a half hours in three different countries. The movie's first thirty minutes is composed of Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts) complaining about the current state of her life; that's a lot of minutes, considering there isn't much of her life worth complaining about. So, she breaks up with her husband who loves her, starts an affair with an actor (who loves her), abandons him too, and flies to Italy to eat pasta.<br/><br/>Along the way, she meets lots of people. Funny how almost everyone in the movie is very much likable, except her. And it is infuriating to watch her abandon and/or exploit some of these people to fulfill her own selfish ambition. "Eat Pray Love", a movie about a woman named Liz Gilbert, is based on a novel of the same title. It is autobiographical, written by Liz Gilbert and about Liz Gilbert. LOL.<br/><br/>Official Review here: http://localmoviereview.com/quick-review-eat-pray- love/ It was an AMAZING movie, Julia was GREAT!! How many people feel trapped in their current life, and actually do something about it?!?! The movie was inspirational!!! <br/><br/>Her trip to India was so true and honest, meditating, trying to find peace and forgiveness in herself..oh oh and the scene when the elephant came up to her gave me chills!<br/><br/>I'm one of those people that meditate and if you understand the movie there is NO reason not to like it! A lot of people need to open their eyes and mind to see there's more then working 9-5 in the same routine and being miserable!! Those of you who didn't like the movie, are in denial w/ yourself, close minded and live in a BOX!! We all wish we can do and go where she did..and find peace with ourselves! I would say it is brave of Julia Roberts to play a fundamentally unlikeable character and I can imagine, as an actress, she would have relished the challenge. If that's the case, then she's brilliant, because she is utterly detestable in this. A foul-minded, self-centered and spoiled ruin of a human who gallops round the globe looking for 'happiness' whilst not appreciating anything about the world from which she steals oxygen.<br/><br/>I thought I'd watch this, thinking, it can't be as bad as all that. It is as bad as all that. I just feel desperately sorry for the men she meets as they inexplicably fall into this navel-gazing nightmare. It's even more loathsome because it is based largely on real events. It teaches us nothing about wisdom, growing, love or romance. All it teaches us it to steer well clear of emotional vampires like Elizabeth Gilbert. An excellent movie, presenting the egocentric viewpoint of "your world". The movie I think is about creative people, about their ups and downs, expectations from them, expectations by themselves, "failure" to maintain the professional and emotional balance after successes and maintaining the "healthy" life after they have reached their peak, thinking that they can no longer produce something better. Thus, the character takes a trip to other places, other cultures and tries to "see" herself from other perspectives, aiming to reduce the imaginary burden and find a long term peace. There are great quotes in the movie and artistic expressions. <br/><br/>It is very hard to be understood by the vast majority of people, especially by those who are not involved in arts, psychology and brain science. I would go as far as to recommend to measure your IQ before starting to watch this movie, if it is lower than 120, do not watch it. a lot of people dislike this movie very much, they complain about Julia Roberts and this and that, I actually loved this movie.<br/><br/>I am male and this is not my typical fare, I am much happier watching action movies and stuff blowing up.<br/><br/>Everyone can watch this movie but not just anyone will enjoy it.<br/><br/>I have never read the book so I cannot compare how this matches up, from what I understand the book is very good.<br/><br/>People say that Liz is shallow and selfish, well she is and I think thats the point.<br/><br/>She has no balance in her life, if you cannot love yourself how can you love someone else? I believe thats the point of the movie, to find that balance within yourself. To love yourself and be OK to be alone.<br/><br/>I think far to many of us depend on other people to complete us and when we do if that person does not hold up their end then our lives crumble. We must learn to hold it up on our own.<br/><br/>I can relate to Liz being selfish, she felt empty inside and when you are empty and have no love for yourself I don't think its possible to love anyone else, you have nothing to give.<br/><br/>So she hurt people, I don't think she mean to do it but she did it just the same.<br/><br/>In the end I think she found a balance within herself that she can live with and she was scared of losing it so she pushed him away, but she learned that life is never going to be perfect and balanced all the time that is just impossible so you do the best that you can and when you find someone you love and want to spend your life with it won't always be perfect and that balance gets thrown off but you work together to right it best you can.<br/><br/>If you didn't get this movie thats OK, it doesn't make you any less of a person, all the time on here you see people putting others doesn't because they don't get a movie. This time last year I probably would have thought this movie sucked too *chuckles* but it came along at the right time and the message I took away from it I could relate too.<br/><br/>Be a little more open minded and don't focus on all the little details and maybe you will take something away from it too, and if you don't so what :) While Eat, Pray, Love was not the best movie of the summer, by any means, I enjoyed it. I strangely identified with Julia Roberts' character, as I have a couple of friends who have dealt with midlife crisis, in the exact same way. One even went to India and Bali and is back in Bali as I type this! I probably would not watch it a second time because it is long, and not incredibly exciting. But it was worth the watch and Julia Roberts is always amazing. It did seem that the movie was like 3 or 4 movies in one, and I think that they could have done a better job on that, but I see how it all tied together and what they were getting at. I also thought that the guy in India could have had a better horror story, but that's the reality of yuppies and their take on life! ha I really cannot understand why that much hate about this wonderful movie... I watched it last night in spite of all the bad reviews and I am so glad that I did! This movie is a food for the eye, the heart and mind. <br/><br/>Julia Roberts is inside the psychology of a woman that has an empty space inside her and in a search of filling it. She had traveled all over the world for her job but not really understanding it until she decides to just stop for one year and do something really different. <br/><br/>Leaving a "normal" life of a busy, faceless, superficial world is ready to seek the inner side of her world, make peace with herself, trust people again, express herself, fall in love, enjoy life and small things that make it worth living.<br/><br/>She travels to Rome, Italy and learn how common things in everyday life like eating can really give you pleasure if you don't let the guilt that modern world suggests should accompany it. She learns how laughing can be healing to the soul. <br/><br/>She travels to India to strengthen herself through pray and keeping a balanced self. She can now help people selflessly and be able to feel good about it. <br/><br/>She travels to Bali and learns how feeling and expressing it is the most natural thing in the world and that it is not bad to break some of your rules if it is for the love that makes you "smile with your liver".<br/><br/>An inspiring movie with beautiful acting, beautiful scenery, beautiful emotions. Eat Pray Love is based on the bestseller by Elizabeth Gilbert. It strikes me that many don't know or did not investigate that this is a true story and that all what they found unbelievable actually really happened and is therefore not to be criticised. Elizabeth Gilbert was not rich (got an advance on the book, so she could make the 1 year trip, staying in cheap accommodation) and it is, after all, HER life this film is showing. That said, it differs greatly from the book. The makers wanted to stay faithful to the book as much as possible and filmed it chronologically, but it starts for the first 28 minutes in New York, whereas the book starts in Italy with flashbacks to her married life, but much of that part has been made up by the scriptwriters. Luckily not a moving scene where she starts to pray to God for the first time, a really breathtaking scene I loved the most. Both book and film don't make it too clear why she was so unhappy but that fact that she WAS should be enough for us to know. Her publisher is black in the film, white in reality (as I saw in the Oprah Winfrey Show), but will have had as good reason. There are more differences but Elizabeth Gilbert herself didn't mind and loved the film. The Italy part takes 29 minutes with flashbacks, the India part 31 minutes with flashbacks, the Bali part 45 (I saw the film already 8 times so I paid attention to that at one time). All parts start abruptly without showing how she got there. In reality Liz did not do the trip in one go, as once she went back to the USA for Christmas. The Italy part is the funniest, in fact a film title could have been "Divorce, Laugh, Meditate, Love". Italy is being shown in a cliché way ("Dolce far niente") that is not representative for the present-day life there but what is shown WAS what Liz has experienced. Here they stay the most true to the book of the 4 parts, except that the turkey was not frozen and not eaten for breakfast. The book only mentions that they could have done that. The book contains a lot of history of Italy and the film luckily shows a bit if that. The India part in the film is all about Liz, "Richard from Texas" (the real one, Richard Vogt, has a role in the film, seated next to Liz in the Rome spaghetti eating scene, but sadly, he has died) and Tulsi. There wasn't much more time for anything else. Richard also called her "Groceries" in reality but the sad past of Richard that he tells about is invented for this film. But it gives Richard Jenkins the chance to excel and this role is Oscar-worthy material. Both Richards met each other in reality. The India part ends with Liz's wisdom that God acts in you AS you. The Bali part is where a lot of critics find it unbelievable that she met a man and fell in love as it seems to be a too much Hollywood cliché ending but it did really happen, just not all quite like in reality. Hollywood wouldn't be Hollywood if they didn't invent some funny way of them meeting when he hits her off the road by his car. In reality she first had a fling with the guy who is shown in the film as bartender before she met "Filipe" (not his real name and Stephen was also not a real name) in a normal way in a bar. The film stays fairly true to the book except that Wayan the healer was indeed helped but more happened that is not shown in the film. Matter of too limited time? They even used the real house of Ketut for this film but Ketut did not want and is played, quite endearing, by a street musician the film crew found near their Jakarta hotel. The ending is really a Hollywood cliché as the break-up did not happen and thus the making up also not and the book does not end like the film does. So once again book and film are not the same, but it does not matter as one has to remember that films are meant to entertain a big audience and that it does superbly. Beautifully crafted, superb cinematography by Robert Richardson ("Inglourious bastards" and "Shutter island"), the music unobtrusively compliments the story (great song during the credits that made me stay clinged to my seat) and the spiritual content has been quite well dosaged so that it does not become a lesson in any religion or philosophy and still makes it clear what Liz was looking for. Pity only that the magnificent chapter 107 of the book is hardly represented in the film. As I see it, one has to both remember and forget that there was a non-fiction book, to really love this film.Liz is a very sympathetic, unselfish character, played well by Julia Roberts. Javier Bardem is a bit young to represent the real "Felipe", but who cares. All actors have done a great job to be proud of. You just have to sit back, relax, know that most of it was true, and you will get vitalised and really glad you went and it is not just for women as the story is about feelings of men and women. This fantastic film is just what is needed in a time where there are so many totally unbelievable stories in films or where it is all about what man the female lead will end up with. This is 4 films in one and therefore already more than worth your money and I can't wait to see the DVD with, reportedly, an extended version, out at end of November or early December in the USA (a bit longer wait elsewhere). Have you ever had a feeling that life was meant to be much more? Family, work, and 40 short years later you would like to have no regrets, but have you done anything about it? Elizabeth Gilbert did. She had a husband, a home and a successful career, but what she didn't have was happiness and the genuine sense of fulfillment. After sulking in the vacuum left by her divorce, she decides to travel to 3 different countries over the course of one year. During her journey she indulges in the fine foods and spirits of Italy, meditates and prays in India, and searches for "balance" in Indonesia. "Liz" shared her experiences through her New York Bestseller, Eat, Pray, Live and now it's a screenplay. There you go. If you're afraid of not having income for a year, remember that you might just score a book deal.<br/><br/>If I had to pick something missing in my own life, I would say that I lack "worldly experience". I'd like to experience life more. Heck, I haven't ever been outside of the US. I must have lied to myself a dozen times about taking a similar leap and escaping the trappings of my metropolitan habitat. Even though I can relate to a story of soul searching whilst traveling the world, I still found it really hard to empathize with Liz. Also, I wasn't convinced that she had really learned anything significant. In each part of Liz's trip, she supposedly has a moment of clarity. Somehow she learns to forgive herself for leaving her husband and somehow she learns to love again. How? I didn't see it. I'm pretty sure I wasn't sleeping, although the rainbow unicorns were suspiciously out of place in India...<br/><br/>Sure, it can be really difficult to squeeze 3 stories plus overhead into one movie, but it's not impossible. Eat, Pray, Love just didn't flow well. It felt a bit choppy and each part of her trip felt short-lived. The relationships she made along the way served as an extended family from which she grew and learned. However, these relationships weren't developed enough - not even with Felipe, the final love interest of the story. I have a feeling that the book didn't translate well to 133 minutes of screen time, but now I just don't care enough to read the book.<br/><br/>I wouldn't call this a chick flick. Guy or girl, I'd say skip this one. Ladies, read the book. For the fellas, check out the satirical work of Andrew Gottlieb, Drink, Play, F@#k. Similar to Eat, Pray, Love, this story chronicles the year of a recently divorced man searching for meaning in this crazy world. His adventures lead him through binging in Ireland, gambling in Las Vegas, and fornicating in Thailand. Guys, unfortunately you'll have to actually read to enjoy this story - no movie or CliffNotes. Eat Pray Love is a movie you have to experience for yourself...a story about a woman on a journey to find herself.<br/><br/>After reading the book and loving it, I must say the movie isn't quite as good as the book; close, but not quite. however, it was still a beautiful story and fabulous movie. If you have not read the book, you won't know the difference.<br/><br/>Spoiler: Realizing that her wonderful, almost perfect life, was not at all perfect to her, Liz checks out leaving her perfect home and great guy husband. After another relationship and break-up, she goes on a journey, which is closer to her ideal life... searching for the passion, balance, appreciation, all that is missing from her current life.<br/><br/>The scenery is quite beautiful; it's a gorgeous movie particularly with the locations: Italy, India and Bali. The beauty in aged crumbling structures in Rome mirror the emotional turmoil and crumbling that Liz has goes through to transform, to find herself, forgive herself and just be.<br/><br/>I understand that a lot of people, especially people that are happy and comfortable with traditional life and family do not understand a woman leaving a perfectly nice man that is in love with his wife to go on a journey and find herself. I also realize that many people say that Liz is selfish and it's all about her. Yes. This movie (and the book) is all about her. It is a real story about a woman, searching for something missing in her life. It was refreshing that someone was honest about being unhappy and wanting a different life. Taking the difficult path, the unknown journey and risking everything. I don't do martyrs, so I like Liz. <br/><br/>My favorite part of the movie and my least favorite part of the book... Bali. I love Javier Bardem. The raw emotion he portrayed was heartbreaking to watch and so personal. Although Julia Roberts was her normal charming self, the men, with their small supporting roles, stole this movie. Take a chance, and go see this movie. I do not understand the comments and ratings that it has received so far. It was quite touching and beautiful. OK, I went through IMDb registration process to give a review on this movie. And, still the registration process is better than this movie.<br/><br/>This movie is about a girl with menopause being irresponsible with her life and gets laid.<br/><br/>It's more girls with menopause or in period.<br/><br/>If you like this movie, you should see your therapist. Even if you are a girl, if you can associate yourself with this movie, you really want to check with your doctor.<br/><br/>It's just not a good script. The story sucks. Characters suck. And Ms. Roberts got botox on her lips. She's a good actress. She portrays a girl with menopause and mental problem pretty nicely.<br/><br/>And she gets laid with cheesy guys. And, I don't.<br/><br/>Wow, I can't really believe they made this movie. I can't believe I watched it. Do not watch this movie. It's not even worth downloading from usenet or bittorrent.<br/><br/>Do not let your daughters watch this movie. They are not mature enough. And, they might think that it's cool or hip or rad to do what Ms. roberts does in the movie: getting botox on the lip, divorcing for fun, taking a sabbatical year, just chillin and getting laid.<br/><br/>I haven't watched Twilights. If girls are really like Ms. Roberts in the movie... darn, this generation really sucks.<br/><br/>This movie is bad. Do not watch it. I read so many negative reviews about this movie that I had a hard time to convince myself to go see it anyway. Only because this summer is practically without any watchable movies for people who are not into explosions/shootings/car chasing and because I myself made nearly the same journey after my divorce in my late thirties (though my budget was more like 5000 dollar than 200 000) I went. <br/><br/>I love and know Italy and India and I spent the eighties trying to learn to meditate. So I considered myself some sort of expert on the subject and the worst what could happen would be that I only enjoy the scenery and the best that I would actually gain some insight from the movie.<br/><br/>I got pleasure from seeing Javier Bardem again though I did not think that he and Julia had chemistry. I did not think that she had any chemistry with any of her husband or lovers. But not to have chemistry with the impersonation of a Latin lover like Javier that is quite an achievement. I did not enjoy watching Julia not knowing how to eat spaghetti and I did not enjoy to see so little of India. The main reason which had brought me to the movie theater was the promise of seeing a lot of the different destinations. Well, I was disappointed, the movie did not really catch the essence of Roma and India was mostly the Ashram ,with a small Indian wedding ceremony thrown in , which paled in comparison to the one in 'Monsoon Wedding' and I am sure that Bali, the only place I did not know, has more to offer than presented here. <br/><br/>I left the theater deeply dissatisfied. I have not read that famous bestseller book and I do not know if the heroine learned anything useful there, but the lessons learned by the movie character seemed so shallow. But picking shallow women characters seems to be a trade mark of Julia Roberts , I still shudder when I think what her "Pretty Woman" has done to teenage prostitution. <br/><br/>But who am I to judge. Instead of writing a review of this movie I should write a chain email to all the people I ever met on my travels and see if I can rake in enough to buy somebody a house. After all house prices have taken such a dive it shouldn't be too difficult. This isn't your regular romantic comedy by any stretch, though there is romance IN the movie, that is not the main focus. If you can appreciate foreign or indie films with a big name inserted you will love it.<br/><br/>For most the idea of getting away from your humdrum life for a year to travel the world seems like a stretch, but thats not the point of the movie. Its about finding yourself. This story is the experience of writer Elizabeth Gilbert in her quest to find her spiritual center. She's not suggesting for a moment that you spend boatloads of money to travel across the ocean to find YOUR center, the point is to inspire you to just want to find it.<br/><br/>There are some very positive messages in this movie for every woman. Those who haven't liked it were expecting cinematographic Hollywood perfection. Its not, its got a more rustic organic feel. I personally found that most impressive. I'm a modern day hippie, it had ME written all over it. Those of you who've ever jumped from relationship to relationship while losing yourself in the meantime, never taking a moment to find what truly makes you who you are; this movie is for you. Every woman who ever just wanted to break out of society's expectations and do something left of center just for yourself; this is for you.<br/><br/>There's something powerful in this movie, that you can only see if you have your heart open to the suggestions they're trying to get across. I feel its a GREAT movie for a young woman like myself as to encourage finding yourself sooner rather than later, and to not put off doing so until you've completely lost what makes you who you are. Teenage girls should see this with their mothers, sisters, and best friends. I wish this movie had been around when I was a teenager, I would have been more encouraged to stop looking at everyone else for approval and just look within myself.<br/><br/>As for Ms. Julia; this is her absolute best performance. Somehow the always good actress; was FANTASTIC beyond anything she's ever done. She truly IS Liz in this movie, not just the "Julia version of Liz". She pulls you into this story with a familiar vulnerability that we've all felt at some point in our lives. She truly makes you believe that she's just one of us.<br/><br/>Guys: even you can learn from this movie. Though its geared towards women mostly, its a perfectly acceptable movie for a man to watch in my opinion. It causes you to be introspective after you've seen it, so I warn you of an adrenaline rush after viewing. See the earlier show, I couldn't sleep til 3am b/c of the burst of hopeful adrenaline I felt. I didn't want to see it because I knew what to expect, she did and it was her birthday... 'nuff said.<br/><br/>When people wonder why women suffer from higher rates of depression and why studies show women who watch chick flick have higher divorce rates and lower satisfaction levels from their relationships show them Eat Pray Love as an example of why ... on what planet does this story represent reality? Is this the worst movie I've ever seen, no. It was however one of the most painful to endure I can remember. Filled with every PC talking point you can think of each cliché is delivered like the drips of some cruel Chinese water torture ... contrived, simplistic, touchy-feely ... these words don't begin to convey the shallowness, the pure superficiality represented here.<br/><br/>Guys do whatever you have to - beg, barter, lie anything to avoid this nonsense. Of course the woman in you life is probably going to want to see it and you're still going to end up failing to meet the unrealistic expectations it set ups for her but at least you can have a few hours to get blind drunk and hopefully deaden some of the ensuing suffering. First of all, I didn't read the book. So all those who dump on this film because it doesn't live up, your reviews are empty to me.<br/><br/>Secondly, I don't review films on here, but this movie has a 5.2 and a LOT of negative reviews, and I had to respond, because I was shocked to discover how far off the mark the reviews are.<br/><br/>Thirdly, if you thought Liz was an emotionless, selfish, unsympathetic character, then YOU HAVE NEVER HAD A CRISIS OF CHARACTER. I found her character to be COMPLETELY sympathetic. I'm a man nearly Julia's age and I haven't related to a character as much as this woman in a long time. This movie brought me to tears more than once.<br/><br/>To all the kids who don't know what it feels like, yes, it's possible to wake up one day and look around your life and be unhappy despite having all the things you wanted, INCLUDING love. Her husband loved her, and yes he was heartbroken. Her decision to leave doesn't make her unsympathetic or selfish or cold-hearted. If you've never said goodbye to someone who loved you, then you don't relate, but it's most definitely not selfishness. She KNEW it was hurting him, she didn't WANT to hurt him but she was EMPTY inside because she had lost herself. You can't give someone love if you're empty inside. This film is about RECONNECTING with your soul, with yourself, with who YOU are, when you've lost sight of what that is. It's a film about BALANCE. It's a film about the INNER you as distinct from the OUTER you. These are very real emotions, and I can't remember the last time a film touched on this theme. Searching for that and healing yourself doesn't make you selfish.<br/><br/>Richard Jenkins' scene is brilliant. Julia does a great job, if you can understand what she's playing. Javier is wonderful as always. <br/><br/>This is not a film for the popcorn set. It's a film for an audience about the age of Julia, who know what it's like to look at one's own reflection and have no idea who you're looking at anymore. I'm going to read the book now.<br/><br/>To those involved with the film: Ignore these reviews. You've made a gem. The most gorgeous among the recent crop of films, "Eat Pray Love" is like getting three for the price of one. "Eat" is a feast for the senses; "Pray" a flawed exercise; and "Love" a lush story. Apart from director Ryan Murphy's modest display of versatility, it stands out because of its classy production design and master-class cinematography that are among this year's best.<br/><br/>Elizabeth Gilbert's memoirs of her journey after a painful divorce sparked talk about feminism. Many saw the author's flight from a stifling marriage and her trek of self- discovery, a man's exclusive domains in the old days, as a feminist triumph.<br/><br/>There are two sides to the feminist movement. On the one hand are hardliners on women's liberty and equality. On the other, moderates who fight for rights "with dignity . . . without blemishing the delicacy of their sex." But the two sides are deadlocked over the question of love, a dilemma captured by Julia Roberts's panic and anguish when Liz rejects her new lover's invitation to build a life together. "I don't have to love you to prove that I love myself," she cries. Panic because she doesn't want to lose him, and anguish because accepting him could destroy her feminist core.<br/><br/>"Eat Pray Love" the movie has a fitful start, sketching the breakup of Liz's marriage to Steve (Billy Crudup) and her brief affair with David (James Franco), a rebel-poet and yoga devotee. The film's evasiveness over why both relationships fail is puzzling and robs Liz's dramatic moments of their power. With the reasons fuzzy, her dumping of Steve and David could be dismissed as being heartless. Her spiral into depression is only hinted at, so the healing comes not as an act of grace but as a footnote. When she forgives, one asks, what for?<br/><br/>This intro, which is like the pilot episode of a TV mini-series, gives us a glimpse of Gilbert's self-pooh-poohing humor. Liz attends a reading of her play and listens to David reciting such lines as "your love is like a hot panini." "Did I write that?" she asks. The awfulness is punctuated by her play's title -- "Permeable Membrane" in the book, "Impermeable Membrane" in the movie.<br/><br/>A convivial first episode, "Eat" is a distillation of the sensual delights of Italian life and a lesson in the pleasure of doing nothing, "dolce far niente." The dishes that restore Liz's appetite are actually simple but, photographed with the same gusto that Italians devour their pizza (and follow football), they are transformed into gourmand fare. Olive oil trickles down stalks of asparagus like honey, smoked salmon brightens up a plate of antipasti, and mozzarella melts into gooey strings. The camera avoids the travel-brochure clichés of Rome and Naples, lingering longest on the ruins of Portico d'Ottavia where Liz reflects on the ruins of her life.<br/><br/>In one scene, a cranky landlady tells Liz, "You American weemen come to Italy only to eet pasta and sausage," a perfectly innocent remark. But she might as well be referring to liberated travelers of some repute. It's a measure of Liz's morality that when she is offered the second entrée in the signora's menu, she says no.<br/><br/>At the heart of the movie is a hollow that belies Liz's supposed quest for change, balance and spirituality. Shot in an ashram in India, "Pray" has its roots in New York, where Liz tearfully seeks divine aid over her marital distress. That's the last prayer we hear, unless we count meditation. As a meditation student, Liz probably should get a D anyway and whatever enlightenment she finds comes from the snippy Texan Richard (Richard Jenkins), part pop psychologist and part guru of forgiveness who, as Liz says, "speaks in bumper sticker." They bond too late and not too closely. When Richard confesses his marital failings in a drawn-out monologue, delivered perfectly like a stage pro by Jenkins, the movie hits its first big false note. It's Liz's confession that we want to hear, not Richard's -- talk about scene-stealing. <br/><br/>Followed by another: a fantasy flashback wherein bride Liz in an ashram sari and groom Steve in a white suit dance the aborted waltz of their wedding party. Another scene, apparently meant to be a symbolic and mystical meeting between Liz and the elephant- headed god Ganesh, falls flat as gorgeous Dumborella upstages an amused, somewhat petrified Roberts. <br/><br/>"Love" is a well-scripted romance. Liz finds in Brazilian businessman Felipe (Javier Bardem) her complimentary opposite in a story that unwraps as sweetly and magically as its setting, Indonesia's Bali. Cinematographer Robert Richardson adds a sultry patina to the island in the same way that he captures the modern and timeless textures of Italy, and the cacophony of color that is India. Totally not intimidated by his debut in a Hollywood film, Hadi Subiyanto plays "no-teeths" medicine man Ketut with poise and subtlety, his rapport with Liz rivaling that of Bardem's. As for the Spanish actor, he seasons his role with feminist-slaying sensitivity, every shifting emotion traceable on his face and in his eyes.<br/><br/>Gathered around Roberts is a bright cast led by Crudup doing his goofiest best in an ambiguous role, and the ever-cerebral Franco. Viola Davis as Liz's best friend reflects some of Oprah Winfrey's aura. Luca Argentero, Liz's Italian conversation partner Giovanni, has the goods and the style of the late Marcello Mastroianni, if the Italians haven't yet noticed. <br/><br/>A pillar of the star system, Roberts often gets cast in a dual role, as the character and as herself. In "Eat Love Pray" Liz and Roberts compete for attention, with Roberts coming out on top. A director would have to work harder to make the Lizes and the other pretty women of the scripts prevail over Julia the star. It's been done before. That director is probably not Murphy, but everyone deserves a second chance. Eat Pray Love came to theaters as a movie, but it would better qualify as a collection of takes to be used for the advertising campaign of Peacock Airlines. The main character is a great American actress who tastes foods in Roman restaurants, visits temples in India and healers in Bali. She must have been so exhausted by all the eating, heat, mosquitoes and herbal concoctions that she often breaks down during takes and starts crying. It is a pity that they don't have good shots of Indian and Balinese food as well. However, once the art director sorts out the dailies, it will make a great TV ad. Useful if you are planning a trip to any of those countries.But you are looking for a story, read the book of the same title. Didn't know what to expect as the reviews were "lukewarm" for the most part but absolutely was VERY pleased after seeing the movie. The casting was superb (except for Billy Crudup)-- Julia Roberts & the actor who played Richard were outstanding. I enjoyed the book very much--so much that I really did not want to see the movie. As we all know--"the book is usually better than the movie." But Ryan Murphy and all of the other production people did justice to the book and then some. I think most of the harsh critics were predominantly from males and/or people who did not read the book OR people who do not know the definition of a memoir. Here you go-- a memoir is a record of events based on the writer's personal observation or knowledge. So to call the book and/or movie self-indulgent is rather unfair. The book/movie is not a war novel- -it is a memoir. The best line was about people living in misery and not having the courage to make a change--I see this in more than half the people that I know. I hope that maybe a few people--women or men--can at least take that concept with them after they see the movie!!!! Having had enough of reading mindless negative critiques of this remarkable film, I feel it is time someone put the record straight. We know Julia Roberts well enough to know that she would not associate herself with a bad film, she looked stunning, all those close ups meant there was nowhere to hide, and her own character shone through. The photography was brilliant, the attention to detail, the atmospheres of Italy, India and Bali were all brought to life. I had read the book, but I enjoyed the film even more. Anyone who has been unhappy in a marriage and has wished they had the courage to leave it with honesty, knowing it is the right thing for both parties, will relate to this film. In this case there was a satisfyingly good ending, not always so in real life, but I am sure this film will encourage other women to be braver and believe that they can find love again, and if not, at least they will know they do not need a man to find happiness. The two hours were well spent, I did not notice the time pass, take no notice of the sad critics who really missed the beauty of it all. won't even say it is a waste of talent because there is apparently no talent in this film. The actors, a big line up were obviously paid a lot to do this - Julia Roberts uses her name to land a lot of money in her bank account and let's face it she can't act. And this film really gives it all away. Finally exposed for the fraud she is.<br/><br/>Give me a break. What a terrible sexist, anti-feminist story this film is. Give me a break. With all these actors lined up there are very few if any moments in the film worth waiting up for.<br/><br/>I look for some sort of redeeming feature in a film - the score, the script, the scenery, actors, plot, locations, props, score - opps I said that. To use Tango music in Rome is the summation of how everything in a film can be wrong....and I won't get into the editing, it is as poor as the script and storyline.<br/><br/>Don't waste 2 hours of your life on this film unless of course you want a lesson on how not to make a film. This is a truly terrible film. I couldn't remember the last time I stopped watching a film because it was so bad, but with this I actually watched more than I should have done. The characters are poor, the dialogue forced, and the plot absolutely terrible. So, a true story about some selfish moron trying to 'find herself'... Give me a break. I wanted to poke my eyes out in preference to watching this utter guff. It's impossible to have empathy for the lead character. Why anyone thought it a good idea to make a film about this person, I have no idea. Still, it gives the rest of us hope, because a film of almost anyone else's life would be more interesting than this... This movie was wonderful! I loved every minute of it. It was so inspiring and uplifting. I pity those who thought it was boring. They missed the point. OK, so we don't all have the money to travel all over the world and go wherever we want to go whenever we want to. Don't be jealous because someone actually found herself. Learn from her lessons. You don't have to travel like she did; you can find books at the library, search on line for self improvement and spiritual growth. When you can't get outside yourself and you can't go inside yourself, no wonder you are so jaded and bored. What a narrow life. Look at the movie again and open up to it. Open up to life! I have to stop reading IMDb user reviews before I watch a film. I almost skipped Eat Pray Love because of all the negative comments and the fact that it got a rating of five. But luckily I watched it anyway. Not many movies have made me shed a tear but this one did. This movie is nearly perfect. The casting is superb all around even if it is a vehicle for Julia Roberts, who I must admit should earn an Oscar nomination for her portrayal of a woman literally in search of herself. I can understand why some men think that the main character is selfish and should have stayed with her husband who seems to be an okay guy. What they don't understand is that the marriage was a loveless one. This movie is about trying to find love, love for oneself most of all. I can't say very much about this movie right now because I just finished watching it and to be honest I'm a bit emotionally drained. All I know is this is a great one. She was happy when she first married, but now, Liz is becoming bored. She destroys her marriage, breaking the heart of her husband. Now, she wants to focus only on herself- if she does this, she believes she will be happy again. She impulsively takes off on a round the world tour, hoping that she will find herself along the way. She begins her journey in Italy, where she eats, buys things, and laughs. In India, she feels unhappy, and restless again- but at least she tries meditating. She also meets a few people, and their misfortune helps make her feel better. In Bali she practises her meditation, laughs, cries, and nearly gets run over by a car- the driver with whom she falls in love. At the end of the movie, Liz has made one big circle- she is happier, and in a prettier location, but she is with a man. What bothered me most about this film was its negative, narcissistic, protagonist. Liz spends much of the film feeling sorry for herself, and complaining about things that she lacks. Despite all the luxury, friends, support, and opportunities she has at her disposal, she is never quite happy enough. In fact, in one scene, she sadly murmurs that she is alone. As the film makes clear, the only way she can be truly happy is if she attains a 'perfect' balance, and state of being. Liz has had a year to think about things that make her unhappy, but seems incapable of making her own decisions. She mostly does whatever other people tell her- this does not allow her to grow as a character. From what I've seen, she is not strong, or particularly interesting despite nearly every character arguing otherwise. Julia Roberts is a beautiful woman, but I eventually got tired of looking at her since the photographer showcases closeups of her face in almost every scene. Julia does her best, but unfortunately, she is given so little to work with. Meanwhile, Liz treats most of the men in this film like disposable playthings- once she has had her fun with them, she throws them away. The film is pretty to look at, but that is practically its only redeeming quality. There are also a few intriguing minor characters that I wish were better developed. In conclusion, this is an overlong,shallow, and boring film. Eat Pray Love is not the appealing romantic comedy it's being sold as. It's a dark character study of how someone loses themselves. Julia Roberts the queen of romantic comedies (another way to sell the film) is front and center as Liz, and she deserves a Best Actress nomination. <br/><br/>Roberts really brings Liz to life in both the enchanting ways and the dark ways. It's not the typical Julia Roberts performance you'd expect. The scene early on in the film where she prays for the first time is chilling. What makes Roberts so good is the fact she's a movie star, but a movie star with talent and range.<br/><br/>Javier Bardem and Richard Jenkins also play roles in the second and third act. They both have a magnetic connection with Roberts. Jenkins has so much fun playing his colorful character. He's the old guy you want to have long talks with. His character has a surprising arc during the last minutes of India. Bardem's Phillippe is charming, handsome, and emotional. Bardem yet creates another memorable character and a great supporting performance.<br/><br/>The story didn't sell me at first. As Liz feels confined, I felt confined and uncomfortable in the NYC scenes. They aren't bad, but a term I've used to describe this film before: dark. But, when she goes to Italy, lets go, and frees herself, I felt freed too. From there until the credits roll, the film doesn't have that problem but it's a big problem. I personally hold the director at fault there. He could've smoothed it over. <br/><br/>The cinematography is gorgeous, Roberts is beautiful with support from two stand-out men. What more could ya ask for? Be warned: this is a darker movie then the trailers may imply so it's not for everyone; 8. This is a movie you have to watch with an open mind. I loved this movie! I could relate to it even though I never left the country - I left a miserable marriage and moved to Dallas 25 yrs ago. I was on my own personal spiritual journey, but didn't realize it until I met a wonderful woman that became my teacher. I learned to meditate, studied the power of the mind and self awareness and the Dahlia Llama. My life changed completely and I became a more peaceful, loving and a much happier person. Reading all the negative reviews is very disheartening and it's sad to see so many people that don't get the point. To find real happiness and peace with yourself - you must look within - not without. I don't consider myself "special" or weird or an expert by any means, but I do feel I have a lot of spiritual wisdom. But, I had to search for it just like Liz in the movie. I admit it; I'm a sucker for a good "chick-flick". Eat Pray Love offered to fill that bill. The autobiographical book by the same title was endorsed by Oprah's book of the month club and that alone helps to secure healthy box office receipts. The clincher that casts Julia Roberts in the title role of Liz Gilbert further assures a robust opening weekend at the box office. The planets and stars are most certainly aligned; Venus is in Jupiter or the moon is in Mars or something like that. It would seem that this movie is a sure fire hit guaranteed to deliver.<br/><br/>Sure enough, it delivered; the only the problem was that it delivered over two hours of bad dialog, shallow character development and a heroine who is self absorbed, shellfish and clueless with the world around her. This is the real life story of Liz Gilbert (played by Julia Roberts) and her journey to self fulfillment and I emphasize the word "self". Like the film's title, Eat Pray Love will take Liz on a world tour of Italy, India and Bali where she will, uhh, err, eat, pray and love. How she evolves and what she becomes is the subject the storyline where everything and everyone is expendable and disposable for the sole purpose of Liz's pursuit of happiness, though that is not the intention of the script, director or actors.<br/><br/>How can we empathize with Julie's Liz who throws away everything good to chase an empty promise of something better? I say "empty promise" because the movie fails to convince the audience that the journey was worth the sacrifice. The touchy-feely rewards that follows Liz through her voyage of self discovery plays like a series of bad clichés where the supporting cast is nothing more than a punch line for Liz's two hour plus pity party.<br/><br/>It is impossible not to draw some parallels to the film "Under the Tuscan Sun" staring Diane Lane. Indeed Eat Pray Love tries to cash in on the Tuscan Sun recipe but really fails on every front, script, acting, direction and cinematography. And while neither movie was able to pay sufficient homage to non-fictional accounts they were based on, at least Diane Lane was able to present a character that we could empathize with thanks to a far superior script and her believable portrayal.<br/><br/>I imagine that this movie will be enjoyed by real life casualties of love who believe that they are owed love and fulfillment as an inalienable right. It is a movie that teaches us nothing, provides a warped view of what love and relationships really are and leaves no lasting impressions, save the sweet sounds of fingernails on a blackboard that will leave most movie goers yearning for relief. Read the book and skip the movie. A must see and a fantastic movie. The story of everyone. We all go through similar stages in our life. Fantastic location with nice scenes from Italy and Bali and great things about meditation in India. The plot is excellent. It spellbound right through the end. A strong performance by Julia Roberts. The movie try to explain self conflict and the inner enlightenment of personal being in an interesting way. The movie would be a more interest to educated and mature audience. Only the complaint I have is the guy she fell in love at the end, the script is little weak to show the strong bond between them. But overall it's a marvellous piece of work from Julia Roberts once again. I wouldn't be surprised if the movie wins couple of Oscar awards. Love this movie. Wonderful. wanted let others to see and enjoy it. fantastic perormance by Julia R. during the first half i felt greatness of the movie really enjoed the movie fully. Story of the movie,<br/><br/>At 32 years old, Elizabeth Gilbert was educated and had a home, a husband, and a successful career as a writer. However, she was unhappy in her marriage and often spent the night crying on her bathroom floor. In the midst of an affair, she separated from her husband and initiated a divorce, which he contested. The affair continued for some time, but did not work out, leaving her devastated and alone. While writing an article on yoga vacations in Bali, she met a ninth-generation medicine man who told her she would come back and study with him. After finalizing her difficult divorce, she spent the next year traveling around the world. She spent four months in Italy, eating and enjoying life (Eat). She spent four months in India, finding her spirituality (Pray). She ended the year in Bali, Indonesia, looking for "balance" of the two and found love (Love) in the form of a dashing Brazilian factory owner.[7]<br/><br/>Gilbert paid for the trip with an advance she received on a book she planned to write Waaaaaah! Liz (played by Julia Roberts) is feeling unhappy and unfulfilled. She wants to travel. Her hubby Stephen wants to go back to school. Waaaah! Liz can't sleep and walks through her beautiful house and though not religious, she asks God what to do. Back in bed, her husband states that he wants to stay in New York. Waaaaaaah! Liz announces that she doesn't want to be married.<br/><br/>"Ahhhh." Liz sees a handsome young actor performing in a play that Liz wrote and they hook up at the after party. David's good for romantic walks in the park and folding her delicates at the laundromat. She also learns about his mysterious guru.<br/><br/>Whaaaaah! Liz's ex Stephen makes her feel bad because he says he doesn't want to dissolve their marriage. He's committed to sticking with something, and that commitment is to *her*. She doesn't want to work on things. Waaaah! How dare he look so sad, crying in the elevator? Waaaah! <br/><br/>New beau David has just told her that he didn't like her friend comparing him to a dog. Liz responded by saying, "Woof!" which he did not appreciate. Waaaaah!! She dislikes his retort, which is that she should give him a chance to miss her. Liz is out of there, and not even his offer of unlimited Indian food can make her stay. Waaaaah! Liz has misplaced herself and decides that what she needs is to take a year to go find herself. She picks three countries wherein she can best be found.<br/><br/>In Italy, where millions of Italians eat pasta everyday and still maintain a healthy weight, Liz decides that true living is eating more than what she needs - and that she just won't worry about it. Enlightening.<br/><br/>Next stop - India. Waaaaaah! The guru is not there. But Liz's new Texan friend steps in, and explains that what she needs to do is to forgive herself for her divorce... to think of Stephen, send him Love and Light, and then let him go. (We can assume that she wouldn't like advice related to shining some Love and Light onto Stephen and their relationship - and trying to make it work, first, before unilaterally declaring it dead).<br/><br/>Last stop Bali, to see her old, toothless acquaintance Ketut. Waaaaah! He does not remember her. Ah wait. Now he remembers her, He says she looks happier.<br/><br/>Waaaaaaah! This Brazilian, Felipe ran her off the road and she's cut her leg. A healer named Tutti with a cute daughter helps her. She's healed enough to go dancing... Waaaaah! Her dancing partner, having left the dance floor for the water has suddenly lost every article of his clothing. She turns to go back to the dance and there is Felipe, holding her sandals. She will show him Ketut, he will show her his son (visiting from Australia), he will play her a mix tape and then announce that "it is time." Liz feels altruistic after convincing her friends to send money so that Tutti and her daughter can have a home, complete with pretty blue tiles.<br/><br/>Waaaaaah! Felipe wants to make things work, even though he knows that sometimes they will be geographically separated. She argues that she doesn't need to love him, to prove she loves herself. She's upset that Felipe has messed with her balance. However, upon consulting with Ketut, she learns that that's not necessarily a bad thing.<br/><br/>Yeah! Liz runs and finds Felipe, announcing "Attraversiamo" ("Let's cross over") and they promptly head off on his boat to his favorite island.<br/><br/>*Moral of the story* If you find yourself unhappy, just leave your marriage and have a fling with James Franco, then take a year off, travel around the world, gorge yourself on food, forgive and forget (forgive yourself for the bad things you've done and just forget those annoying "amends" you could make), and allow a besotted Javier Bardem to whisk you to his favorite island. Glossy self-help romantic-drama from Elizabeth Gilbert's bestseller concerns New York-based writer who walks out on her routine marriage and later has an affair with a college student who turns her on to the teachings of a guru in India. Having the financial resources (natch), our heroine decides to take a year off and travel first to Italy (where she learns to relax and let go of that old American stand-by: guilt); then it's on to an ashram in India (where she learns to meditate); and finally, Bali (where she meets a sensitive, available Brazilian who hopes she'll learn to accept love and return it). Extremely lightweight confection seems to be tailor-made for its star, Julia Roberts--the camera is always on her a second too soon and lingers there seconds too long. To her credit, Roberts doesn't overpower the proceedings with her dynamic personality; rather, she conforms to the material and has several very strong acting moments. However, the ridiculous third-act is nothing more than a meet-cute, last-chance love story, undermining the movie's (apparently) sincere intent to ferret out something substantial within this study of character, resulting in yet another mended-hearts happy ending. ** from **** I thought this movie was beautiful from within and on the outside. From the scenery to the actors but most importantly the lessons of finding oneself, love and spiritual healing all beautiful. Moments of tears, joy and understanding. What makes it even more endearing is that it was based on someone's real life experiences. Although it's a relatively long movie, it went fast for me for I got lost in it. I have not read the book yet but now that I've seen the movie I'm interested in reading the book. Some say it's a movie for women but my husband liked it too. Many of the feelings, struggles and issues in this movie seem universal. I will most likely get the DVD and the book. Yeah I liked it that much. This was one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. She is one of the most selfish characters I have seen in a movie in a long time. There was no reason for her to leave her husband, especially without even trying to work things out. He was willing to work things out after she hooked up with another guy. He can't be all that bad to be willing to do that to keep the vow he made. Not only was the plot terrible, it was also incredibly boring. After the initial terrible unfolding of the movie with her leaving her husband, hooking up with another guy, then leaving him and going to travel to 'find herself' it is just an extended nothing. Nothing really happens. It is just boring and tedious. I wish I could get the 2 hours of my life back. Writing about how bad this movie would be about as boring as the movie. What is so interesting is why.<br/><br/>I don't know the book; I assume it has some engaging qualities for its target audience. But the quality of the book on which movies are based hardly matters, because the distance from book to movie is so great that anything can happen. What happened here is that Julia Roberts bought the rights and carefully shepherded the project to suit her. This is her statement, her creation.<br/><br/>Things like this fascinate because they represent what the actor thinks about film, storytelling and their specific strengths. So the question is, how could someone go so wrong, someone with resources and (I assume) friends capable of great stories, engaging films? Knowing that failure won't just be a loss of time, energy and money, but a public spectacle, a lasting history of ineptness, how could she fail so? We know this was audience tested and adjusted a few times so it started out even worse.<br/><br/>Part of the reason of course is that even very good actors are masters of only a small portion of what makes a film work. So it is a rare actor that can step behind the camera and do well. (I just resaw "Hereafter" and have to note the exception.) And, well, Julia is a poor actress. In fact, she is capable of connection only playing women that are combinations of nervous and happy, far from this role. Perhaps she was aware that no filmmakers wanted her in challenging roles, so she had to make her own opportunity and went where she thought she could prove herself.<br/><br/>She is in essentially every scene. It could have worked: the autobiographical author is a nitwit struggling to selfishly join concepts she values but cannot understand. Julia is doing the same. Things like this have worked before in the hands of a clever filmmaker. Alas, we don't have that here.<br/><br/>You know, Kate Winslet could have turned this into a deep exploration of the emptiness that comes from love when you try too hard. You can see her "Hideous Kinky" character encircling this. Oh well.<br/><br/>Ted's Evaluation -- 1 of 3: You can find something better to do with this part of your life. This movie is amazing i went to watch it for my birthday with my mates and we absolutely loved it i recommend anyone who is interested in seeing this movie to see it if you do not see this film you must be mad this film is one of a kind you will probably never get one like this again me and mates enjoyed every single bit of it and i think anyone who has watched it before will agree with me because it has got to be one of the best films of last year when this movie comes out on DVD i cant wait to get it my mum wants to see it as well she said that she will get it for me for easter instead of an egg so i am happy as i said before anyone who doesn't see this movie must be nuts x (Credit IMDb)Liz Gilbert (Roberts) had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a husband, a house, a successful career - yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused, and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy; the power of prayer in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in <br/><br/>I must confess. I could not go on once I reached the 100 minute mark. I had 40 minutes left or so, and I couldn't take it any longer. For Starters, how selfish, and degrading can one person be? We are supposed to feel sympathy for Liz? (Roberts) How can that be done, when all she does is whine, misuse life, and only starts to learn the proper ingredients on how to enjoy life's pleasures near the end. It's also very slow-paced. I kept looking at my clock to see how much time was left every once in a while. The best part of the movie for me was when Roberts and Richard Jenkins became close. The scenes felt real, heart-felt, and I enjoyed watching the two work. I've not read the book, and after being almost tortured by this movie, I don't exactly want too, to say the least. We watch her venture into the cities. Romania, Italy, Etc, yet while the scenery was nice, the message is so delivered improperly. In reality, she doesn't have that much to bitch about. She has decent friends, she had a caring husband (Little self-centered maybe, but he clearly loved her) yet she throws everything away, and does more bitching. This is a Roberts's vehicle, but her character is so hard to sympathize with, it ruined everything, as well as the incredible slow pace. Eat, Pray, Love, huh? If this is supposed to teach me how to live, I'm hooped.<br/><br/>Performances. Julia Roberts is good, but man is her character hard to take. She's selfish, inconsiderate, only showing snippets in the second half of a person I could relate too. I like a character to be likable, and someone I can root for, not someone who whines when there are other people worse off! Julia, next time, hint of advice for you, pick a better script. You are far too talented for this stuff. Billy Crudup is actually a likable dork. But sadly he is somewhat, portrayed as an idiot in Liz's mind. James Franco is OK, but his character felt irrelevant to me, and a subplot for Julia's character to overcome. Richard Jenkins was the best thing about this movie, and sadly he's not in it very much. He felt real, and breathed positivity into the movie. Javier Bardem came in when I shut it off, so I can't say how he was.<br/><br/>Bottom line. 140 minutes of unnecessary boredom. I think I would be rather crucified then have to go through this drivel again. OK, maybe that's embellishment and exaggeration, but the fact is, I hated this movie. It gives all the wrong messages, and gives us a selfish character that I couldn't stand. If people like this sort of thing, that's cool, but I'm going to go with my obvious instinct, and give this one a recommendation to avoid.<br/><br/>2 ½ /10 The film like one viewer says is about me, me, me! And that the woman that Julia plays, Elizabeth Gilbert. Really uses men in a bad way. As she goes to three countries in order to uh...Eat, Pray, Love hence the title.<br/><br/>She has a great job as a writer, a good and decent husband in Billy Crudup or so she thinks. Only to dump him after nearly ten years of marriage. And goes with the young and struggling actor, James Franco, only to dump him as well.<br/><br/>She then, goes on a self-imposed year-long exile in hopes of finding herself. Meaning to eat all the food that she can get as she meets up with a couple that teach her Italian. Then she goes and prayers in Hinduism and meets up with the underrated but fabulous, Richard Jenkens. Who has his own story to tell.<br/><br/>And the last place is in Bali, Indonesia where the movie began at. Meeting up with a spiritual guru. And also the handsome Javier Bardem. <br/><br/>It is OK if you like Julia Roberts. But her character dumps the men in her life. Well almost you can say as you have to watch the film to find out if she does all of them! Even though the character is self-centered and so much more. <br/><br/>The men come off as real and sympathetic it seems in the movie. Only to be dumped by this self-centered, self-absorbed person. And you all may be offended by the Hinduism preached in the film. Sometimes at times, you have to overlook that! Greetings again from the darkness. I seriously thought about not putting any comments down about the film version of Elizabeth Gilbert's best selling novel. The reason? The movie just really annoyed and even angered me. My reasons aren't very politically correct.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts stars as a woman who is on a mission to find meaning for her life. Logically, the route to self-discovery is a one year sabbatical with 4 month stints in Italy, India and Bali. Already, I am irritated ... Rarely does one need to GO somewhere to FIND their self. If this were necessary, the world would be even a more screwed up place because "dropping out" for a year means we leave our responsibilities, friends and loved ones behind.<br/><br/>Speaking of loved ones. Julia's character is on a mission to prove she has worth beyond that derived from being partner's to a man. So here is her track record over the 2 and a half hours. She dumps her husband who loves her. She dumps the boy toy whose bed she immediately fell into after the divorce. She spurns her Italian interpreter and a lonely Texan and finds herself on a beach with a naked party boy. She spurns Javier Bardem ... at least until she reconsiders and realizes that this is JAVIER BARDEM! For someone trying so hard to prove a man isn't necessary, she spends an inordinate amount of time WITH men.<br/><br/>I realize this was an Oprah-blessed book, but the amount of whining, self-indulgence and narcissism was beyond my tolerance level. Even the choice of director seems pre-fab: Ryan Murphy of "Glee" fame. Talk about going with today's hot choice.<br/><br/>Caught in the web of thankless supporting roles were Billy Crudup, James Franco, Richard Jenkins, Viola Davis and Hadi Subiyanto as Ketut, the toothless guru. This guru reads Julia's palm and she immediately decides to throw her life away. When they meet again, this guru doesn't even remember her! Seriously, you don't need a guru to tell you to follow the golden rule, that if you give love it will come back to you, and make some time for yourself.<br/><br/>OK, I will admit the film captured the beauty of Italy and Bali. And the music mixture of Neil Young and Mozart (The Magic Flute) helped ease my pain. But overall, this was a year long journey and I felt every moment sitting in that theatre. Everyone who go through painful breakup, divorce or wants to change his life, needs a healing like this..love it! I have read alot of bad reviews and I cant understand why. Liz struggles with her self and goes on a «fins my self» kind of journey, and its all I want to do whenever I watch this film. I have watched it many times! I love travelling, and I love Julia Roberts so that may be the main reson why I love the film, but also the music and the scenary! Gosh. I need to book a plane ticket asap. 23 August 2010. Julia Roberts stars in this not exactly coming of age movie, it's more like a getting to that age movie, an age that occurs when one has passed the youthful identity age and the young adult age, and gets to the what is this all about age. The beginning scene sequences almost fail to merge into a comprehensive storyline with a bit of sharp editing decisions which seem to have the audience jumping around like a bumpy old pick-up truck over some foreign dirt roads. There are lavish eating scenes somewhat front-loaded, reminiscent of other food movies most notably Chocolat (2001) and the more rarely seen Simply Irresistible (1999). The music has a definite presence in this movie with some strains echoing back to The Cooler (2003) and the more famous and classic romance movie to which Eat Pray Love has similar relational parallels, A Man and A Woman (1966). Perhaps the one movie that has many of the similar patterns weaving into and out of this movie is Under the Tuscan Sun (2003).<br/><br/>Eat Pray Love overall stays true to the path of discovery and love and pays particular attention to how memory and association are strongly tied to love, the present and the past that move movies leave out. There is traditional, contemporary pray involved in this movie, there is the more mystic well as Eastern spiritual and medicinal discovery, and a variety of relational themes that at times seems to give too little insight into the male driftwood that seemingly get tossed aside. Perhaps there might be too much going on with so many threads that the depth sometimes doesn't really get its layered due in providing that sufficient substance at times, nevertheless, there is a nice palette of stories that offer connective tissue that fuses into a whole movie that has balance, that is vital to a movie about balance. If you like movies about a person losing themselves and then the journey to try to discover who they are now, you'll enjoy this. It's about shedding all that you know, all that you have acquired and plunging forward completely alone with nothing. The scenery and the music in the movie are all top notch also! A book like "Eat Pray Love" is not easy to make a screenplay out of, and I understand that in evaluating this adaptation. However, there are so many nuances to the book, that I felt were important and were not properly captured in the film adaptation. At face value, watching this movie, all you really see is a spoiled, 30-something year old woman, who has everything, but her husband doesn't excite her anymore and then boom she leaves him after he says he wants a master's degree and that's not what she wants anymore.<br/><br/>Then she proceeds on a journey of binge-eating, praying(ish), and then oh, dare I say, it, she finds another man (and a Brazilian man, nonetheless oh lala)...<br/><br/>This barely scratches the surface of the book.<br/><br/>In the book, Elizabeth Gilbert details her struggle with depression, with realizing that she might have everything, but at the same time it doesn't make her happy. The book goes more into depth about her time in Italy, even her little mini adventure to Sicily. In India, where she finds herself through prayer, admittedly, this section does seem to be more of a never-ending stream of consciousness than the other sections, but nonetheless, there is a rhyme to the reason. And lastly, in Bali, we see Liz really teeter on the fence about whether she wants a new relationship or not, and when she goes for it, how much she immerses herself in it.<br/><br/>I don't expect for a movie adaptation to capture all of the essence of the book, it's not possible. However, this movie adaptation didn't even meet the threshold minimum in my standard. Without reading the book, you would just think that Liz Gilbert is a superficial privileged white woman not pleased with her current romance, so she throws herself into the next one. Eat Pray Love isn't about that. I encourage people who have only watched the movie to read the book - at the least you'll gain a better understanding of Liz's character through the book than you did through the movie. In Europe we've heard about this movie and the respective "book-diary" now, in 2016. That says a lot. Elizabeth Gilbert is such a phony that I felt nauseated while trying to read her pages. I've never read something so low (because I reject the USA trash genre "eat pray love"). Well, in a few words: Liz Gilbert preaches about silence, humbleness, searching and finding God, blah, blah, while she makes a fortune out of her lies. She saw blue lights, she met God, she lost God, she suffered, tormented, she "found her word" (OMG!). I could have given her a word to describe her (something similar to what she gave to Rome!): shite. Page by page of shite. But, Gilbert is rich and famous, men cried over her legs, women over her words, so what a hell? She is a smart American woman who knows what she wants and goes for it. God is another story, elsewhere, waiting for when time will come, simply to have a "word". In behalf of Lizabeth Gilbert, I apologies to India, to Mahabharata and Ramayana, Upanishads,to the true believers, who silently pray for the Earth, thinking: "forgive her, Lord, for she does not know what she does". this is a bad bad movie, no real tension created in the storyline, wait, what is the storyline? Plot is poorly written. The Character was weak. The movie is too long. It only got interesting in the last ten minutes, the time before that it was agonizingly slow and the mind wondered. I am not sure what was intended in the plot summary of the movie, I mean the best of intentions was to showcase a divorced woman who sets out to find herself in her travels. The idea was good and inviting, but somehow it just did not hold any weight, nor interest in anything displayed on screen. I was expecting that she would go and really learn something about the world, like go to Africa and work with the Red Cross, have some real drama, some real tension that would hold the viewer's attention. This did not happen. There were no scenes that held any tension. Only one I can think of and that is when she is with her friend who confesses to her that he was an alcoholic who almost ran over his son. That was about two minutes of hope that the movie would get better. Don't rent or buy this movie. I think there are only two movies that I have wanted to get up and leave while I was in the theater. This is definitely at the top of my list. And I did want to leave, badly. The 2.5 hours just DRAGGED by. There was not enough eating of good food at all, and the "muffin top" scenes were beyond stupid (no one believes that Roberts' character gained an ounce).<br/><br/>Then there was what felt like 6 hours of praying. Not fun. And the "love" part was dull, but not as dull as the praying. I wanted out about 20 minutes in, but I was with a friend who had wanted to see it for her birthday and was stuck. I went to the bathroom a few times and made a few calls just to do SOMETHING. Honestly it was like have my brain atrophied.<br/><br/>Normally I like travel movies or movies with Julia Roberts or movies with food or any number of things. This one was just done so badly.<br/><br/>I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because I'm pretty sure there are a couple of nice scenery shots. That's it.<br/><br/>Recommendation: don't watch it. Spend those 2.5 hours doing something else. *Spoiler/plot- 2010, Believing there's more to a life than a husband, house and career, Liz Gilbert finds herself with a new appetite for life in this inspiring story of self-discovery from a popular book. She leaves New York and embarks on a yearlong journey traveling to Italy, India and Bali seeking the meaning of her life through good food, meditation, and finding love. This is a sumptuous and uplifting adventure filled with emotion, humor and heart.<br/><br/>*Special Stars- Julia Roberts, James Franco, Bill Crudup, Javier Bardem<br/><br/>*Theme- If you're not happy, life is empty.<br/><br/>*Trivia/location/goofs- This film is lusciously shot in Italy, India and Bali. This film was extensively talked about on the Oprah Winfrey Show with its star Julia Roberts.<br/><br/>*Emotion- An enjoyable 'personal discovery' saga for our modern times. This film is much more effective and engaging than its male counterpart film, 'The Bucket List'. I think the movie offers the ways for women who suffers from broken hearted in relationship, but the movie presents the ways with more exaggerating ways. Of course, different from our daily life, there are still many things to worry. Worrying about deadline of the works, the spend of life and family, and the stress from each trivia. <br/><br/>However, this movie left everything aside, with a very romantic and ideal way, it tries to express the side we usually ignore or we can pay attention to it. <br/><br/>Enjoying this film with innocent heart, I mean appreciate this film with pure mind. Just enjoy it and taste the life philosophy it mentions. Since life has many aspects, it's not necessary to stuck ourselves in the condition which is full of reality, economics, and national issues. Losing some balance in other aspects is also the way for balance of life. The pluses: breathtaking cinematography, a great elephant, James Falco, Julia Roberts' beautiful face (yeah, even with the bot ox), the line -- (when, with her girlfriend, Julia sees a beautiful piece of lingerie in a shop...her friend says 'it's beautiful. you should buy it.', Julia's response, 'for whom?', and her friend's reply 'FOR YOURSELF'.),-- but most especially the marvelous Richard Jenkins (so wonderful in 'The Visitor' - who far outshines EVERYONE ELSE in this movie in the acting department). <br/><br/>The negatives: just about everything else. Why is it I just cannot warm to Bardem as a romantic partner? Could it be his almost Neanderthal look in profile? (Granted great in No Country For Old Men but as a love interest? Non!!!)Save your money...if you HAVE to see this, wait for Netflix or the $2 movies theaters. Thank heavens I was feeling kinda sick or I would not have laid on my bed watching this piece of nothing. Some people in here suggest the problem is that Julia Roberts was just doing 'movie star' Julia Roberts. Frankly, I disagree because basically I don't think Julia Roberts could act her way out of a wet paper sack.<br/><br/>The description of the movie includes the statement that Julia's character set off on a world trip to 'find herself' after a 'painful divorce'. The only person hurt in her divorce was her HUSBAND who married 'for ever'. Certainly her character wasn't hurt, she's a narcissist who likes to stare at her own navel. I got nothing out of this movie except more disdain for the cute Julia who can't act. Hey, Julia, you are starting to look your age. Hang up the movie jacket and stay home and raise your kids (poor kids, having to be raised by a woman who became a hindu after doing this movie. WHAT an idiot! Should NOT have gotten 10M for her role!) Are we not over Julia Roberts yet? And why is it necessary to shoot a film about a book that tries to excuses divorce?<br/><br/>I'm not espousing that the old school family ways are the way to go, but people are already too ready and willing to get a divorce, when they should have really been thinking more about what it means to get married.<br/><br/>I don't really have much else to say about this film, except that the male cast members are all superb and it is depressing that this movie got so much hype because of good ole Pretty Woman herself.<br/><br/>I think that there are other films out there that can espouse girl power in a far better manner, rather than helping to continue brainwashing the stupid masses that divorce is so acceptable and a common way to go. Here's the deal. The movie sucks. And it sucks really bad, specially if you've read the book, before or after watching it. So my advice it's to simply read the book. If you haven't yet, believe me, the written story is much better. The only similarity between both are the names of the characters, some copied phrases and the places she visited. The rest is invention from the director. That's why is so frustrating. And the worst thing is that all that invention is really nonsense. For example, when Richard cries and tells her that because of his alcoholism he almost hit his son with the car, I was in chock. Mostly because Richard is real and this fact wasn't mentioned in the book. How come they say something like that about someone who really exists, different from a fictional character? Don't watch it. It's simply not worth it. Eat pray love? OK, this reads like Holy Roman Empire: not holy, not roman, not empire; one of the best jokes around. If you take them with a big grain of ideology.<br/><br/>This film is polemic in a way for some kind of spirituality. Well, yeah. The only thing is that spirituality is not unabashedly privileged with such a sum of nonchalant money this Joker of a faced-woman called Roberts imposes by wandering around the globe. It is so constantly wrong, that given the media it will garner, positive or not, it means something really, really wrong.<br/><br/>Coming from a best seller one is asked into wondering what kind of suggestion or contribution the film makes. It is a demonstration of a new, subtle era of spiritual shallowness.<br/><br/>Let's take some examples and see how they work: towards the end, when she is reading nonchalantly in Thailand, surrounded by cushions, we have her reading for the first time that for a writer comes only after an endearing safety of love, at the moment her lover comes to pick the book, as if reading time is up and now is time for lovemaking. As natural as this is, it is one instance of shallow resonance: this figure does not convince as writer, at least one with spiritual overtones, as the title shamelessly opts for. <br/><br/>Or take what happens in Italy: a beginner's babbling words, where the supposed innocence of the procedure ("Don't be harsh on yourself while learning a new language," one character tells her) is married to the ugly American spectacle, only now other ethnicities join in along with the Italians themselves...And aren't they post-card perfect, the perfectly handsome ragazzo, the chubby friend who invites the visitor to the Italian joke...? It is all about food down there, it is only that that food is simply not the food for love, courtesy of Shakespeare. The soundtrack exemplifies it throughout: it supposedly prefigures in the scenes, but preempts any sense of foreboding spirituality and love. Iberic tones in Italy, Brazilian in Thailand, this is irrelevant, as if justifying, the globality of confusion. (Food in India seemed not an issue at all - except in the beginning where Franco mentions he has to be vaccinated and has no money, a resonant economic premise that is abandoned, also by his character -, as if the ashram was a fine catering company, because given the blah blah beforehand one is amazed not to find contradiction in, well, the first meal that pictorially is as appetizing as a very good meal in a western Indian restaurant.)<br/><br/>As if love was some kind of coming and going between mis-matched words and revealing gags from spiritual representatives. Well, no! What does love mean? Where is love's spirituality to be found? It is choosing one person out of the myriads, not some chance, albeit fruitful, encounter with powerful misgivings and succumbing to them, cleansing our souls; not loving us all! One of the triumphs of western spirituality that is ongoingly defamed, is Emmanuel Kant's grounding contribution to the Enlightment where he says that God, the Soul, the World an Immortality are suprasensible ideas of whom I cannot have a representation in the faculties of my mind. That simply means I cannot love all the world, love us all, because love, in order to be, must have an object, and the world is without object; if you love the world in this abstract, generic manner, you simply avoid the violence of love, "the least random act in the world," to quote the marvelous "Chaos Theory".<br/><br/>Let's say that this is what torments Liz/Roberts in the end. But her spiritual "reconciliation" by finding "her" word, the word 'let's-cross-over' is obscene melodrama. "My word" means avoidance of signing the situation with my name, substituting the acceptance of my arbitrary naming with a piece of lexical furniture. It goes us back to the supposedly comic scene between her and the Texan in the Ashram, where she avows that during meditation she was thinking how she will decorate her meditation room back home; this literally demonstrates that spirituality is an act of deferral in matters of decorating.<br/><br/>It also shows the film's true allegiance. It is exactly like what happens in "Sex and the City 2" where tradition is resumed as - I quote - "its own decorating": this is perilous timing; this signals an era when spirituality, love and tradition are degraded into matters of decoration. But all three share a pivotal moment of true destitution and that is what humanizes us; otherwise, matters of decoration have it both ways, and, most surely, cannot exist without privilege. Issues of privilege are constantly avoided in the film, exposing its smugness. You want to eat, pray, love? Eat your privilege first! I absolutely loved this movie and read the book years back while on a trip to Italy. I was very touched by the movie and the performances of all - including Roberts, Bardem, Franco...I find Liz to be such a strong courageous woman, thought Roberts was fantastic in her portrayal. I found the action of Liz leaving husband, David, and home to be such a devastating and traumatic decision for her though she had her armor up which may have been perceived as callous. The process of going out of ones comfort zone and leaving behind security to challenge yourself alone to find self-forgiveness and nonetheless in a different country is daunting to say the least. I hope that people really understand the issue with her journey - she couldn't forgive herself. Similar to when Felipe noted to her that 'it's all heartbreak' regarding her self-judgment of her divorce being 'lesser than' his, i feel that no matter what the reason behind one's own lack of self-forgiveness, the inner-isolation and deprivation it can cause a person is all the same in the end and can change how ppl act or react towards others. I feel that Roberts really allowed that painful disconnect to come through while still being able to show Liz in all her femininity, humor and caring. I also had thought what a strong message of the bloody wound on her leg that resulted from Liz and Felipe's accident...she was on a path of self forgiveness but when they crashed together, the wound resulted and blood surfaced to which she was initially unaware. that was her true test to trust to love again but this time letting her heart surface instead. I was very impressed with Roberts ability to capture that moment on the docks near boat after her insensitivity toward Felipe scenes earlier, she really was glowing, and she conveyed the confidence in herself and the love that I needed to believe she had transformed her doubt. I was not very familiar with Javier Bardem before, and thought his scenes and moments were so endearing, sincere and was so drawn into his amazing performance. I really appreciate this movie, and will watch many times. It strikes me that the scene where they are trying to squeeze into "bigger" pants is a bit silly - why not just get a larger size of bigger pants? The progress that was gained by the declaration that Liz is not going to be ashamed to eat is lost by the dramatisation of bigger pants being too tight. Also, maybe I am an atypical female, but I've never shopped with my friends like this. It seems like that scene should come before they go shopping. Like, they're getting ready to go out, and squeezing into their pants, which don't fit; Liz says that she's not gonna be ashamed to eat -- she's just going to buy bigger pants; and then they go buy bigger pants that fit better, which they then wear comfortably out to eat... I think the IMDb score and the comments are unfair for this film. It really isn't often that you see a film that centres around finding balance in life and whilst the movie has flaws, I'd certainly say it's worth your time. <br/><br/>The acting Isn't perfect but I don't think there is anything obviously terrible and Julia Roberts is solid as the lead. The script has some truly emotional moments and considering it touches on spirituality it doesn't feel preachy or condescending in my opinion. The locations are a treat and the supporting cast do their job perfectly well. <br/><br/>More than anything, what I like about eat pray love is the idea that people can change and become more of who they really are if they are willing to confront the ugly truth about themselves and take a few risks: it seems a lot of people missed the point here (even the main character didn't like herself at the start of this movie which is what drives the plot). <br/><br/>I own this on DVD and whilst I'm not one for rom coms or 'girly' films I do go back and watch this from time to time when I want to indulge in something feel-good and fluffy. I'd have given this film a solid 9/10 but have marked it 10 here to even out the low score which it really doesn't deserve. The only downside is that it can be a little cheesy at times (especially in the Italian chapter of the movie) but I can forgive this without too much trouble. <br/><br/>A nice film with a good message for those who are open to receiving it. I really didn't like the book but I swear that I wanted to like the movie, at least a little. The movie version really went for the "Leave no clichÃ© behind" school of storytelling. Seriously, a cold water flat in Rome? Never even heard of that in this century and I'm sure some over-privileged American woman wouldn't live there if they paid her. I half-expected the protagonist to meet an old organ grinder with a monkey.<br/><br/>For the life of me I don't understand why people love Julia Roberts so much but then I don't get why people insist on having huge movie stars in their movies. I much prefer the new breed of TV series with no-name actors. I find this helps me to believe in the characters. I wonder how different this movie would have been with an unknown in the lead. Granted, the script is miserable from start to finish but a different lead would have made it less obnoxious, at least for me. Had they used any other actress for the role they probably would have fought the urge to plaster her face across the entire screen for two painfully long hours.<br/><br/>The "spirituality" is pure horse manure, just like the book. An ashram in India? Is that what upper-middle class whites do when they think they're too sophisticated to be garden variety Jesus freaks but too stupid to just be atheists? All of the talk in the movie about spirituality or whatever it is made me feel icky. They make it out like just going to India and painting a dot on your forehead will cure anything that ails you.<br/><br/>Javier Bardem is charming, as always, but by the time he comes on screen it's like someone trying to bail water out the Titanic with a tea cup. There were no survivors in this disaster. Elizabeth Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a husband, a house, a successful career - yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused, and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self- discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy; the power of prayer in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.Thus,that is what Eat Pray Love is all about. <br/><br/>The film stars Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert together with Javier Bardem,Billy Crudup,Richard Jenkins,Viola Davis and James Franco. It was based on Gilbert's best-selling memoir of the same name, and it was co- written and directed by Ryan Murphy.<br/><br/>Gilbert's memoirs could have been adapted better considering that the production design and the scenery are nice to look and Julia Roberts is talented enough to portray any role assigned to her. Unfortunately,the script lacks spiritual and emotional elements that a viewer could relate to.The plot also becomes a light movie about a woman who has nothing to do with her life and whose happiness could no longer be defined.I do believe that Gilbert's memoirs has themes better than that especially when she travels to different parts of the world.Obviously,it was a missed opportunity for the filmmakers to create a good film adaptation out of it especially with the involvement of a brilliant cast particularly a great actress like Roberts in it. There must be a whole lot of people unhappy with their lives, as the book from whence this movie came spent almost 3 years on the New York Times Best Seller List. But, as it so often happens, those who loved the book are apparently unhappy with the movie. That is a shame as Julia Roberts tries so hard to display the emotions of someone unhappy with their life - a wealthy, party-going, big house life.<br/><br/>Another great part of this film is Richard Jenkins who is without question the most interesting man in the movie.<br/><br/>Of course, I have to wait through most of the film for Javier Bardem. It was worth the wait as he was as fantastic as ever.<br/><br/>It is easy to dismiss this movie as a "chick flick," and to do so would be to lose a lot. It is not a great film, but it is worth the time to watch, and watch more than once. I came with prejudices to this movie, mostly because I heard it had been a flop and because of the actual low rating it received on IMDb from the spectators. 'Eat Pray Love' is a book I had been wanting to read for a long time, but it's been queued up on my to-read list with so many other books I haven't yet had time to read. But I guess I should move it up a bit, especially because I'm pondering about how I might go about this self-seeking journey myself. I presume it's more inspiring to read about someone else's self-seeking journey than to actually watch them undertake it, because it is always more interesting for one to be at the center of such an enterprise, rather then being just an inert bystander. I thought Julia Roberts was great - maybe she was doing some soul-searching herself, because she struck me as quite convincing. Javier Bardem I prefer in more serious roles - the lover boy act does not go down well with me (just like in 'Vicky Cristina Barcelona'). Anyway, after having watched 'Morning Glory' (one has nothing to do with the other, but I guess if more people had watched this movie after another one which qualifies as a not very great one, 'Eat Pray Love' would have had higher ratings) just the day before, I gave this a 6. In any case, 'eat pray love' might be a better alternative (at least for a while) of the routinely 'eat sleep make love'. My girlfriend pushed me to see this movie and i really don't like Julia Roberts but i liked the spiritual and human thing in the movie! It's not really a chick flick, which is a title i rather not use but is used by a lot of people, why? People with emotion in their heart should see it and enjoy it, it's about life, good and bad feelings, communication, all what life is about in a great setting! Enjoy life is it all about!!!!!<br/><br/>But all of all, it's a nice movie to see, lots like Vicky,Cristina, Barcelona, We liked it, a lot!<br/><br/>....... .......... ..... ....... ...... .... ..... ... .... ...... .. ....... .... ...... ... ...... ... ...... .... ...... ..... ....... ..... ... ... ..... ...... .... .......... ........ ..... ........ ....... ...... ...... ....... .. ................... Julia Roberts is Liz Gilbert in the chick flick drama, Eat Pray Love, a film that isn't special but is good for taking up time. I found it amusing watching Julia Roberts see new sites and meet new people, and eat, and pray, and love.<br/><br/>Liz Gilbert is a middle aged woman who hears a premonition that she is going to lose all of her money. This frightens her, and she divorces her husband(Billy Crudup) out of impulse. Eventually, after an empty relationship with a guy(James Franco), in which they have a weird moment of smiling, she decides that she need to change her life.<br/><br/>So, she makes a plan to go to Rome, and India, in hopes that she may change. Along the way she meets new people(such as Richard Jenkins) and has a few flings(such as Javier Bardem) and eats, and prays.<br/><br/>Some of Eat pray love doesn't add up. Why did she divorce her husband? He didn't do anything wrong. Plus, she has visions of him throughout the movie. Also, why would she go to India(that's nothing to do with the plot I just want to know).<br/><br/>Julia Roberts is a bona fide actress who's been acting ever since Mystic pizza(that movie sucked) and has been charming us ever since. She has many strong moments here and so does Javier Bardem. But we knew how good they were.<br/><br/>As far as dramas come, Eat pray love isn't a triumph. But it does a good job of taking up time, even if it drags on a little bit. Some of the film is funny, and the sights are nice to see. But Julia Roberts is at the heart of it. Like in films such as Notting hill, Pretty woman, and Erin Brockovich. Overall, Eat pray love isn't great, but Julia Roberts is.<br/><br/>B Screen play writers evidently messed it up. Don't beat up on Julia Roberts body please! She wasn't that bad and deserves a decent credit for making a great effort, as well as her comrade actors. But my wife just finished reading the best seller by Elizabeth Gilbert and it is evident that the movie deviated from the book far enough to a point where main character transformed into someone selfish and annoying. That's what my wife pointed out during the movie, when I became confused when Julia Robert's character left her husband for seemingly no reason, whereas in the book it is extensively covered that Liz Gilbert and her husband simply grew apart, which happens all the time - just look at the divorce rate :) Based on the memoir of the same name by Elizabeth Gilbert, 'Eat, Pray, Love' is a so-so fare, that appeals in bits and pieces. At times, it's super and at times, simply dragged.<br/><br/>'Eat, Pray, Love' is the story of Elizabeth Gilbert. A woman who went onto win hearts and redeemed herself. Her journey is exciting, as she trips from Rome to India and finally to Bali. She eats, prays and eventually falls in love.<br/><br/>'Eat, Pray, Love' begins well, and remains fine until it's last chapter, in Bali. The track seems too far-fetched, thanks to the length of the film, which is over than 140-minutes. Even the climax for that matter, looks mechanical as a cinematic experience.<br/><br/>Ryan Murphy's direction is good. He could've worked on the Screenplay more, and more so, on the length of the film. Robert Richardson's Cinematography is striking. The Editing could've been sharper.<br/><br/>Performance-Wise: Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert, is terrific. The Academy-Award Winner gets into the skin of the character and lives the part with unmatchable ease. Easily, one of her finest performances to date. Javier Bardem does well. Billy Crudup shines in a brief role. Richard Jenkins is first-rate. Viola Davis and James Franco are effective.<br/><br/>On the whole, 'Eat, Pray, Love' is an okay fare. If it had been trimmed and a bit more crispier, this one had all it takes to be a winner. Nevertheless, check this out for Julia Roberts Sterling Act! I waited for the movie to be launched anxiously and after I saw I can honestly said it was worth the wait. EPL is definitely one of the movies where Roberts proves us again that she is a great performer. Perfect lines, perfect emotion,perfect balance. The other actors simply revolve around her and they do a good job at it. James Franco is perfect in the part of a young actor and Javier Bardem is magnificent as usual. The scene with the tears where Felipe cries because his son is leaving in incredibly well-played. As for the plot, it is indeed rather exaggerated (woman in her middle-age crisis decides to abandon everything she has and set out in world) but Julia Roberts' acting makes it tolerable and in certain moments of the movie quite believable. The scenery is simply amazing,Italy is presented in a fabulous way, India and Bali also. The food depicted in the movie makes you give up any diet and dig into Italian cuisine. I'd say it's a great movie that has certainly earned a place in my list of favorite romance movies. First of all I am quite shocked I liked it. Usually this kind of romantic movies do not get me. I went for this movie because I spent one month in India and visited Rome few times this year and even I live with Indonesian in my flat and I was just curious how the movie will show the countries. In many reviews people stated that there is no economic crises or hard times in the country shown but actually this is showing a great respect to people living there. They don't need us to show and express all the time how hard life can be in India they just want our understanding. This is what Liz showed during whole movie - great respect to other way of living and understanding. This movie just made me calm. If you are not stupid follower you don't need to end up divorcing your husband after movie but maybe understanding that this one is the right one or just thinking about yourself. For me this movie was more about finding the peace and understanding in yourself than about love. The way how the movie was done touched me and left me thinking. Of course there were some questionable moments which I didn't understand (deciding and trusting so quickly the old man from Bali) but all in all I can recommend this movie if you want to take the rest and think. Let me preface this by saying that this movie inspires a fury and hatred in me that's virtually unprecedented. This movie is my arch enemy - and mostly because of my issue with the primary conflict the protagonist is burdened with: the fact that she got divorced.<br/><br/>This is an upper-class Manhattan woman of immense privilege, who can confidently take a year off work to travel the world to ~find herself.~ If that isn't white nonsense, I don't know what is. She'll spend 15-20 minutes of screen time laughing her way through slices of pizza in Italy, indulging in European culinary delights, laughing at how her jeans won't fit soon! Everything is delightful! Life is grand! But no, wait, she can't possibly enjoy this because...she got divorced. Suddenly her mood plummets as we're shown a flashback of her marriage. And on to the next place.<br/><br/>She's praying now! So spiritually satisfying! Meditation - what a transcendent experience! This is really something, huh? I couldn't possibly enjoy this any more!<br/><br/>But wait...I can't fully enjoy the beauty of prayer. I got divorced.<br/><br/>Okay, time to love now. Javier Bardem, you so sexy. Let's dance on the beach. I love travelling. You wanna take me on a romantic sunset boat ride?<br/><br/>Wait...I couldn't possibly. I got divorced.<br/><br/>Welcome to Eat, Pray, Love. The bane of my existence. An overlong parade of Caucasian buffoonery that tries to deceive us into ~feeling something~ and sympathizing with this insipid woman's fake problems. Maybe if she was spending this year-long transcontinental odyssey trying to heal from a few months as a prisoner of war instead of her lukewarm marriage fizzling out I'd be more inclined to sympathize with her.<br/><br/>I'm not saying people with money aren't capable of heartache, however: it does not make for very compelling drama watching a story where the primary antagonist is a divorce.<br/><br/>I don't hate many movies. I hate this movie with every fiber of my being. I read some reviews of this movie here and couldn't stop wondering, why the most of people say this movie is boring, bad etc. I think that's due to the side effects of being constantly fed with "classic" Hollywood blockbusters or highly over dramatized movies, so if it is not burning, crashing or nobody is dying - boring. Even worse: what I recognized in most reviews is that very known ignorance which many people use to show how well are they educated. <br/><br/>This movie offers no spectacular material, and even the story is nothing really new (some writer seeking for the balance of his life), but after only 15 min I already was absorbed and enjoyed the movie till the very end. For me this movie could last even one more hour. This being absorbed is surely partly due to fantastic acting of Julia Roberts, but only partly. What fascinated me most was exactly the point some of highly educated reviewer have criticized pretty hard: some writer just believes what a teethless medicine man on bali says to her. To be clear: I self am atheist and I probably would never do the same thing as Liz in movie, but nevertheless she fascinated me with her courage to put aside that already mentioned natural ignorance of a species from west civilization. She at least recognized that she has a problem which is not quite natural, and she tried to solve it in a way which occurred to her to be the best one. <br/><br/>So "Eat Pray Love" is a sort of a road-movie through deep emotional doubts and believes about what a real life is or should be, a sort of adventure-movie through the landscapes of various religious views, and as I wrote: it is absolutely watchable, it is definitive recommendable. <br/><br/>www.stanko-b.com First of all, I apologize for my English.. I don't understand why all the bad reviews and the votes. Yes, she was a little selfish, but why not? This movie was about a woman like many of us and her interesting journey, she was the center and i think that how it supposed to be. You have to love your self first of all and try to do what best for you. And what about the money she raised for Tutti and her mom? Was that selfish? Liz was confused and very unhappy and she tried her best. How many times did we hurt someone because we needed something else? that happens..And the part with her husband and the young man wasn't long and it's not what matters in this film. The landscapes were amazing, Julia'a smile added color to the picture every time, the people were so real and interesting. The acting was absolutely great, never seen a movie that felt so real, I felt like I was watching a docu movie.. It was inspiring and I learned some new things. Most importantly to take chances. Loved it. Try it. What's the meaning of life? Is it in the eating? In loving? In feeling hurt? Or is there any meaning in life? Liz Gilbert went From place to place in searching for an answer. Each place--Italy, India, Bali-- people offered her different perspective with which to examine her life. The result is she learned to accept herself and understand herself. Accepting oneself is to recognize what mistakes you made in your life and seek forgiveness (from yourself even) and then move on. Unlike the usual egocentric and ethnocentric American, Liz sees the need to enrich her knowledge and broaden her views by making teachers from the people she met along her journey, people who are ordinary and extraordinary, Guru, medicine man, fellow travelers, tour guide and so on. All those people can be your teacher if you pay attention, if you allow yourself to open your mind and heart. After about a year, I finally watched Eat Pray Love, about Julia Roberts' character's journey to find herself while traveling through Italy, India, and Bali after divorcing her husband and having some affairs. Why she couldn't stay married wasn't made too clear except she just couldn't stay in what she thought was a routine life with her spouse. Of the people she met, the characters played by Richard Jenkins and Javier Bardem were the most interesting especially when Jenkins revealed his past. There were also some interesting cultural lessons I got from watching and listening to the dialogue. So on that note, Eat Pray Love was an interesting journey to places I've yet to go in real life. So, yeah, that's a recommendation. It was easy to work out what the film would be about from the title, and I mainly heard about it because of the leading actress, so I was certainly willing to give it a go. Based on the true story, modern woman Elizabeth 'Liz' Gilbert (Julia Roberts) had a successful career as a writer, a house and husband Stephen (Big Fish's Billy Crudup), but it was an unhappy marriage that eventually ended in divorce, leaving her alone, lost, and needing to find some comfort in life. She decides she needs a break, risking everything to change her life, by embarking on a journey around the world to three countries on a quest for self-discovery. She starts with a four month trip to Italy, pleasuring herself with nourishment and taste eating many delectable dishes and making the most of the locations with new friends. Next she arrives in India to discover the benefits of prayer, meditation and spiritualism, staying there for three months also with new people. Finally, she travelled to Bali, Indonesia reuniting with a ninth-generation medicine man she met once before, but more significantly she meets local man Felipe (Javier Bardem). What started as slight contempt because of a near car based accident, turns into love for the Brazilian factory owner, it lasted until the end of the year when she ended and returned home feeling complete again, and of course writing her experiences down. Also starring James Franco as David Piccolo, Richard Jenkins as Richard from Texas, Viola Davis as Delia Shiraz, Hadi Subiyanto as Ketut Liyer, Tuva Novotny as Sofi, Arlene Tur as Armenia, Christine Hakim as Wayan Nuriasih and Sophie Thompson as Corella. Roberts gives a very relaxed, luminous and credible performance, Franco gets his moments while on screen, and Bardem is a good charming as the rugged new love interest. Besides Roberts, what really sticks out are the marvellous sights such as the delicious Italian meals, the wonderful landscapes and places of Italy, India and Bali, and a great use of colour, it may have slight predictability, but it is an enjoyable biographical drama. Julia Roberts was number 29 on The 100 Greatest Movie Stars. Worth watching! I'm writing this because I want to offset some of the negativity that has been reported about this movie. I think if you have lived life for a while, you learn that not everyone is meant for each other. Many of the marriages out there are miserable failures, but it does take courage to face that and figure out what, in your heart, is really not right. This movie is about self-discovery, hearing great truths from unexpected sources, opening your mind up why you are here on earth, and learning to release control of your life. I thought it was very well done. I loved the music. I loved the scenes and the shots that capture different aspects of the various cultures. Don't watch this if you think your life is perfect and you can't imagine searching for deeper meaning in life...or if you think doing something like that is selfish or self-centered. Searching for the roots of unhappiness in life and facing this so you can be free and move on to a better life is what this is all about. There are a number of reviews out there that give this film a very low rating. The average for this film I feel is a little low.<br/><br/>The film is a mostly accurate portrayal of the book with added scenes (like the first half an hour). I have read the book and I would have been okay with the film being completely true to the book instead of including actual scenes with Liz's ex husband. This would have also eliminated a half an hour.<br/><br/>A majority of the reviews talk about the content, the story, and how Liz is aloof and self-centered. She is on a life journey and the book, therefore the film, is going to be about her. Also, although I do like a true drama I felt her emotions and they way they were portrayed by Julia Roberts on screen were accurate. It's not a sob fest but a woman's journey.<br/><br/>The film does a great job of breaking up Liz's journey. The acting and directing are above average but not superb. The scenery is amazing and the supporting roles were casted and acted well.<br/><br/>If you have not read the book this film may seem a bit slow at times however it's important to remember that a year abroad finding yourself would be a bit slow as well. I read many reviews that were scathing of this movie. I don't share others absolute disdain for the story although it plodded a bit from time to time.<br/><br/>What can I say , its a chick flick and I am a sucker for them! Its not a great love story - its just another love story. And that's OK if that is all it was setting out to be. Probably on par with something like Under the Tuscan Sun - a bit more whiny and a bit less cute perhaps.<br/><br/>All in all I enjoyed it well enough. Some reviews I read nit picked this film to death - like the wise toothless old healer was not really wise at all, he just reflected back what he had been told. Huh? I kinda think that's the point - been to a therapist lately? Besides the story never says he REALLY has any such powers and that is supposed to be part of the "cute" in the story (not that there really is much cute.) Oh well, some people really just lack an irony nerve, I guess.<br/><br/>But I must say that there are two things about the film I did dislike quite intensely. First the sound track was more often than not loud, intrusive and inappropriate. YUK It put me off in several places to the point where I wanted to stuff my fingers in my ears. A better chosen and executed sound track would have helped make this a far better movie experience.<br/><br/>The second thing I loathed was the cinematography. The colors were often muddied, the images were often under exposed (and 5 will get you 10 that this was not deliberate in the name of getting a dramatic image - it just came across as amateur.) In any case this resulted in ugly and muddied colors and sometimes it looked as if the focus puller was asleep - at my theatre at least as the images were sometimes a little unsharp. Seven out of ten for the story but two out of ten for the soundtrack and cinematography. After reading all the reviews, I was very curious and only bought tickets for the 'cheap Wednesday'.:-) I wanted to see the movie because of B. Crudup, R. Jenkins and J. Bardem, for I like all of them. Of course it wasn't a good movie, just average, but I think I should say a few things: everybody who finds Roberts' character selfish has no idea what life is all about. And that's not my opinion, it's a fact. OK, we don't know why she wasn't happy with her husband, but that was not what the movie was about. You have to accept the fact that she wasn't. Maybe she just felt she didn't loved him enough and hated living a lie. And the other thing, regarding the new jeans for the 'thin' girls, here's the news: it's too late to start watching what you eat when you already weigh 200 pounds... The highlight for me was R. Jenkins. Bardem was also very good, but he played a slightly feminine character which was a bit strange with his looks. Liz Gilbert(Julia Roberts) should be happy with her life, having a life most women would envy, a good husband(Billy Crudup), a nice house, good friends. But things are not what they seem, when her marriage falls apart, although she begins a romance with an actor(James Franco), and that goes up in smoke, Liz feels her life is incomplete. So she decides to travel for a year, in hopes of finding adventure and herself in the process. But will this experience be worth it ? <br/><br/>A great performance by Julia Roberts, she never seems to out due herself. And the supporting players don't disappoint like Billy Crudup, James Franco, Stephen Jenkins, and Javier Bardom. And the locations are amazing, you'll feel you are with her on these trips, she takes. It is beautifully well shot. I don't understand the negative comments being made about this movie, or the incredibly low ratings it's getting. I suppose if you have not read the book and aren't aware of what the movie is about (one year out of Elizabeth Gilbert's life...her experiences, her journey)...then you might see the story as being incredibly self-absorbed. However,I don't think it's fair to say the movie is bad simply because you didn't realize what it was going to be about. The movie is based on a book. The book was written by Liz Gilbert ABOUT herself. So of course the movie is going to be all about her! <br/><br/>There are some incredibly poetic lines in the book and I feel that the movie truly captured their essence. There are life lessons to take away from it and I felt that it was done with class and style. The casting was done magnificently...most especially Javier Bardem. And the filming in Italy, India and Bali truly inspire one to travel! <br/><br/>So, I hope anyone who is debating on seeing the movie knows that it is an autobiography. It's the story of one woman. A true story. If you aren't interested in Liz's journey, then skip it. But if you are interested, then try and focus on the messages it's offering. Try and imagine yourself in Liz's shoes...the challenges she faced, and the value in her words. Make it personal. I think then you will actually appreciate what the book (and movie) are really about. My wife bought the DVD. She loved the book and even she hated the movie. A better title would be "The Story of Julia Roberts' Face". Every scene, there is a slow pan of her face - frontal, profile, etc.I haven't seen so many closeups since my last colonoscopy. I woke up the next day with her face etched in my mind. Her fat upper lip, her drawn, thin face, her little beady eyes,her prominent flared nostrils, and her enormous mouth and big teeth. Her face was laughing at times with mouth wide open and huge teeth bared like a baboon's fangs.She eats, her tongue hanging out with food and sauce on it..she talks with her mouth full.. She cries, her massive upper lip seemingly swelling up...but most of all, she just had a superior look on her face. Why do people think she is beautiful? This has got to be the biggest hoax since Piltdown Man. Men throw themselves at her.Why? I simply do not know.My lhasa apso is much prettier. Her husband is begging her not to divorce him. Then, she is swept away by James Franco. This guy, who is 12 years younger than her, looks like he can get any hot 18-25 year old he wants. Roberts looks like his mommy. Then, she moves in with him and they note that they have stopped having sex after awhile. Wonder why, huh? Then,when in Rome, becomes best buds with a woman from Sweden who hasn't the slightest trace of an accent - she talks like she's from L.A. In Rome, she chooses to live in the greasiest, grimiest, dirtiest,part of the city in a boarding house that has long, narrow rooms with 50- foot-high ceilings. Next, India - Nothing happens here. She talks to an overweight, homely Indian girl with glasses who complains because she has an arranged marriage with a handsome, rich young man.Tough break. Then, she commiserates with a stereotypical backwoods, grizzled Texan man. Next, we go back to Bali,where she meets with a weird guru who talks but makes no sense. He seems like a grungy, half-witted old man you might see on a bus. Naturally, she benefits from his divine wisdom. Then, she's invited to an outdoor dinner party and a young 20-year-old stud playing the bongos falls for her. They walk to the beach and he takes off all his clothes, and invites her to have sex. This causes her to have a horse laugh and she leaves. Why this young man would be attracted to her is beyond me. If I was his age, she would scare me. Then, she meets a sensitive, passive, boring Brazilian man who is hopelessly in love with her, but she has to take every shred of his dignity before she agrees to be with him. This chick flick has all the requirements of the genre: The woman has a wise friend (Delia), men grovel and apologize to her constantly, there is a scene where one or more white people dance to a Motown tune, and the chick wins in the end after tears and more apologies. What a crock. Most of us after a divorce are stuck in this country dealing with the courts, bill collectors, child custody busybodies. What did the protagonista in this movie do? Goes around the world to find herself, and sleep with tons of men. Where were the venereal diseases (STDs, in modern parlance)? Surely these men were not lily-white in their virginity or their lack of venereal infections. Did these men knock her up? Where was the birth control? Where were the robbers and rapists always willing to attack a single-traveling woman, who happens to be a naive U.S. citizen thinking that the world of overseas is over-the-rainbow and blissfully filled with fairy godmothers and other wish-granters? The final love-guy was not worthy of such devotion. IMO he was a grizzly, gooshy whiner. The protagonista shoulda have slept with his son. Maybe the protagonista deserved the old coot, lol. From all the bad reviews, I didn't expect much. I know this is based on a book that my friends have told me I must read. I haven't, yet. The friend that I went to see this movie with has read it and thought the film was very close to the book.She also enjoyed the film very much. I thought Julia Roberts did a great job with the role of Liz. She brings a humanity to her characters that she has ever since I first saw her in Mystic Pizza many years ago. Liz (Julia) is a person that seems to have everything but inside her soul, she isn't happy. Her chemistry with the male leads is good (not so much with James Franco, not his fault and he his cute), but is best with Javier Bardem. It's quite believable when these two characters hook up. Billy Crudup is fast becoming another of my favorite actors and shows more of his versatility with this role. James Franco continues to turn in good performances and one of these days people will stop remembering him as Harry from Spider Man. An unexpected surprise (for me) was actor Richard Jenkins (Six Feet Under) who added some major heft to this already good cast. The technical aspects such as the music/orchestration, the cinematography, and costumes, are well done. I think there's a little pacing problem in the first half but picks up in the second half of the film. The scenery is beautiful and makes me want to go visit Bali. This movie is really a very bad movie. The story could be interesting and probably the book is a good book but the theatrical adaptation is pathetic. Julia Roberts should be a woman with a life crisis after the failing of her marriage and starts a long trip around the world to find back herself. She seems a totally dumb woman who does not know herself and does not know what she wants. Dialogs are pathetic and the movie is so boring, terribly boring. I don't want to say that this is a classical women movie because I have a better opinion of women and I guess (because of the general vote:5) that also women did not like this garbage.More: This movie is an ignorant insult to Italy. Every scene which they shot in Rome shows buildings in desperate conditions and women dressed like 70 years ago in the countryside with an unreal Italian country music played by accordion (an instrument which Italian music players have no more used in the last many decades. I don't want spend more time talking about this horrible movie which I totally disliked as moviegoer and as being an Italian.Now I understand why American People sometimes think that outside the States there is only wild and backwardness, it is because ignorant and stupid directors, as Ryan Murphy obviously is, describes other countries. My vote 1 Liz (Julia Roberts) is at a crossroads in her life. After a trip to Bali, she realizes her marriage to Stephen (Billy Crudup) is not fulfilling and she asks for a divorce. Matrimony soon turns into acrimony, as a separation is not what Stephen wants at all. Nevertheless, the union ends and Liz falls into the arm of a good-looking, younger actor (James Franco) for comfort. Her best friend (Viola Davis) warns her that she, Liz, is playing the same song with a different musician, that is, her relationship is likely to fail. She's right. Therefore, Liz decides to jumpstart her life again by traveling to three countries. Italy, for its exquisite language and cuisine, India, for its meditational ashrams, and Bali, to come full circle. Once in Italy, Liz meets a bevy of friends, sharing meals and conversations. All too soon, its time to head toward India. There, joviality ends, as Liz travels into a spiritual journey of forgiveness. A Texan (Richard Jenkins) helps. Finally, Elizabeth arrives in Bali, where she is literally knocked off the road by a handsome tour guide, Felipe (Javier Bardem). In spite of cuts on her knee, Liz regards Felipe as one attractive man. Will Liz undergo a romantic transformation, too? This is a beautiful film indeed that is, er, delicious, spiritual and romantic. The very fine cast is to be commended, for the stars and the lesser actors all work together beautifully. Surely, this is Roberts best work in recent years, although that is not a criticism. Jenkins, also, is superlative and so are Davis, Crudup, Franco, and all of the others. One must wait and wait to see Bardem but, when he arrives, its definitely "be still my heart"! Next, the scenery is so wonderful that armchair travelers, like me, are in raptures. Bali, especially, is gorgeous and ticket sales to that destination are likely to go through the proverbial roof. In addition, the script proves that the written work can translate well to the screen, with its powerful beauty, and the direction is interesting and varied, with a pace that slows down as Liz gets closer to her new self. Costumes, too, are quite nice, as Roberts, especially, looks stunning, as do the others. In short, dear movie fan, get to the nearest cinema, buy some popcorn, and change your own life for a couple of hours. This film is worth it. Visually stunning<br/><br/>Spiritually - deep (thus some of the embarrassing statements so far in the reviews....it hits close to home with much of what is wrong with today's society...especially those people who think having the perfect life means having a "whole life".<br/><br/>Fantastic music.<br/><br/>Yes, it is long, but sorry...I don't fall into the normal world of having everything fit to the world of TV dramas (1hour). <br/><br/>This movie is one of my favorites because it is an experience. Theatrically it hits all of me just right...is full and uplifting. Unlike other reviewers here, I did enjoy this film very much. Maybe because I don't see many movies. Maybe because I did not read the book. I accepted the film's premise that there are times in a person's life when they need to go on a quest. The Elizabeth Gilbert quest could be enjoyed vicariously by many people who do not get to travel around the world enjoying good food, gurus, or would-be lovers. I think it is a contribution to clarify the point that a person needs first to be their own person, before they can be a devoted partner. I thought Julia Roberts was very good for the role, although I could also visualize other sorts of characters who could also seem appropriate. I am sure there are many aspects of the film that seem superficial compared to the information provided in the book. Maybe I'll have to read it finally. This is the latest vehicle for the ever charming Julia Roberts. I liked the film overall, but for me there were some slow moments. I most especially enjoyed the portion when Robert's character was in Italy. Her musings on the futility, and how unwise, dieting is to Sofi is almost worth the ticket price by itself.<br/><br/>The overall premise of the film is weak to me. The character wants to travel in order to find herself somehow. I think it's especially true that whatever we seek we must carry it with us or we will find it not. That being the case, travel isn't necessary, just honest reflection and self-examination. I suppose that for some people a change of scenery might force them to look at things with fresh eyes.<br/><br/>The other actors and actresses in the film were very good in their roles. I especially enjoyed Viola Davis, Richard Jenkins and Tuva Novotny (who played Sofi, the Swedish woman). They all exude an attention getting, yet quite confidence that is very pleasurable to watch; Davis and Jenkins especially. The interest added by Luca Argentero and Giuseppe Gandini (Luca Spaghetti, really?) were very entertaining and were, in some ways, highlights of the film. The enthusiasm and just blatant joy they exhibited in explaining things Italian to Roberts and Novotny were wonderful to watch. All of these very fine performers definitely helped make the film an overall plus.<br/><br/>The secondary pleasures on screen were the interesting, if not always attractive, locations.<br/><br/>Given that the film strives to be more spiritual or philosophical than the usual Hollywood fare there will be a segment of the populace that will completely miss the points made by the film, entirely. That can hurt the film's popularity. See it. It won't hurt you to think a little.<br/><br/>In the final analysis it is a, light, entertaining film that gives a pleasant summer evening. Take someone you love with you and laugh together.<br/><br/>Bruce L. Jones http://webpages.charter.net/bruce.jones1/ This movie almost made me feel bad about myself as I am a woman having made some choices very similar to those the lead character did. Yet for myself I know perfectly why I made those choices and have all responsibility and sometime blame at my own door. Whereas the heroine (Liz) seems to just jump to her conclusions out of the blue, do everything randomly and - most important - not to learn a bit throughout her journey. Her self-exploration is as bad as her exploring other cultures, and equally superficial. She doesn't empathize but only consumes, be it food or men or philosophy. In terms of the movie she eats and eats and eats. Even a touch of human emotion towards the end is percived as a sort of new experience for HER. Applaud everyone, she's found what she wanted in this global supermarket! I haven't read the book but the film is a disgusting apology for self-centredness. I only give it 2 stars for the sake of Bartem and a fwe other good performances (Roberts excluded). This is an entertaining movie with good performances and a positive vibe. It is beautifully shot and looks exquisite. The characters are charming and likable. I normally find Julia Roberts a bit wearing in lame efforts like The Pelican Brief but I enjoyed her performance in this.<br/><br/>This movie prompted me to seek out the book on which it is based.I can think of no higher compliment than that.<br/><br/>I think we've all been in a similar situation to the one that Julia finds herself in at some point in our lives. Perhaps we can't all have the resources to actually have an adventure like Elizabeth's but it was certainly pleasant to share it with her on screen. Give it a watch. I read two-thirds of the book before seeing the film. I was pleased with the cinematography, and loved the travelogue aspect of the film, having been to Rome, and wanting to go to India and Bali. I really got into the Bali segment, mainly due to the chemistry between the medicine man and Liz and, more importantly, the chemistry between Liz and Felipe. Javier Bardem was incredibly appealing as Felipe, and I was actually glad I had not read the final section of the book because I was not forced to compare the written story with the movie. Instead, I could just sit back and enjoy! On the other hand,I found Italy and India lacking in the kind of emotional and spiritual depth that was so appealing in the book. Liz Gilbert, the author, was able to involve me in the ups and downs of her experiences as she embarked on her quest for balance. I truly don't think it was possible to duplicate the engrossing details from the written narrative that so involved me in her personal adventures. The key people in her life sort of marched by in the film, without dimension or believability. I wanted very much to love the movie as much as I loved the book, but it was not until Bali that I was swept into the drama and pure enjoyment of it all. In fact I sat in the theater until all the credits were over, wishing I could watch "Part 3" over again! I feel sad that the overall consensus from most critics appears not to be favorable. Those who have not read the book certainly might find Liz's personal quest self-indulgent and superficial, and those who have read the book will be disappointed because so much is left out, and some details modified. Rarely is it possible to capture the "soul" of a good book in a film--sometime a picture is not worth a thousand words, but rather is just an image without depth of understanding. Perhaps a better option would have been a TV series, a multi-episode TV movie, or a series of three feature films, one for each stage of Liz's quest. Any of these media choices would have given the writers more opportunity to include essential details, thereby adding to the believability of Liz's experiences and allowing the viewer to better understand her true motivation. A single feature film just didn't provide enough time to do justice to the story. In the movie, the characters play a game: associate a word with a city. The movie takes place in 4 acts in 4 different cities: New York, Rome, Kolkata, Bali. Playing a similar game, here are the words I associate with the movie in the film: blah for New York, fun for Rome, depressing for Kolkata and stupid for Bali.<br/><br/>The chick-flick feel New York jumps rushes through lots of things that hardly make sense, then ultimately moving to the central motivator of the movie that Liz isn't happy. It's actually quite a poignant reminder of our daily grind and how we wish we could just run away from it all. Liz does run away and decides to spend one year traveling; eating in Italy, praying in India and well, in Bali.<br/><br/>The Italy act is fun and entertaining; the Eddie Veder resonating India is depressing but still moving. However, Bali is utterly stupid. As you might have guessed from the title of the movie, she's supposed to find love in Bali but she just stumbles through one event after another without a cohesive sense of motivation or direction. All I could think of during that final act was the three protruding veins on Julia Roberts' forehead and Javier Bardem's bug eyes every time he took off his sunglasses. I just couldn't get into what was happening to Liz at all.<br/><br/>At times, Liz appears narcissistic, just caring only about herself and later on in the movie, air-headed as she stumbles through events one after another. On the other hand, it also delves deep into ideas of self-discovery, contentment and disappointment that gets you thinking about yourself. However, as a movie it's a real disappointment. The movie would have been recommendable had it ended after India and not extended all the way to Bali. But, as a whole, the movie feels hollow and over-bearing. My wife and I see over 100 movies a year, having been in the business and now retired. WE DO NOT READ ANY REVIEWS BY ANYONE. WE TRY TO TELL OUR FRIENDS THAT A CRITIC IS ONE PERSON, HE OR SHE IS NOT US. Critics are also a dying breed as newspapers disappear.<br/><br/>Therefore, our critique is not biased and based on actually seeing the movie in a theatre. Many critics see the movies 5 at a time in a viewing room.Not a real atmosphere to gauge audience reaction. How can you review a movie without the real deal? This movie has been hyped beyond beyond and it lives up to everything and more. It is simply spectacular and we believe it should get many Academy Award. From Director Ryan to the delicious, gorgeous, professional Julia Roberts, to Javier Bardem and the sensational Richard Jenkins.<br/><br/>The scenery across three countries is breathtaking, the true story in great. Eating in Italy reminds us of our many visits to Rome and Napoli This is in our minds the best movie of the year. great acting; the problem is her character who leaves a loving, successful + clearly committed husband to travel around the World and indulge her various appetites with only a nod to the emotional devastation she's left in her wake... and the rest of the Cast fully support her every move; she rarely puts a foot wrong, her quest is seen as a moral ( and spiritual ) imperative that's completely justified If you were a farmer, and this was a cow, you'd stroll her down to the lower 40 and shoot her ( ! ) I recommend this film to any and all single men as a warning example of the lowest form of female type that's out there waiting to ruin your life OR anyone that wants to "get religion" so they don't get to burn in same Hell as this amoral, shallow and selfish creature Feminists and anyone with a concern for womens rights should be appalled at the representation of this woman, she's just.... Awful.... Why does the movie and the IMDb main details page say this film is based on a novel? It is based on a memoir. From what I hear from friends, and read in the other reviews here, the memoir is a good one; but I did not read it. The movie, however, has no actual person behind the screen image of the protagonist, Liz. She is a cardboard recipient of images and words -- like the theater audience, she does not respond in any way. Oh, to be fair, there is one episode where she takes an action that seems to reflect the presence of an actual human being there -- but I will not elaborate on it here since it is not enough to make anyone want to see the movie.<br/><br/>I found myself reflecting on the word "movie" -- just moving the camera around the world does not make a movie. To be a movie it would have to move or be moving, but this doesn't happen.<br/><br/>I did enjoy the travelogue -- places and food were excellently captured, and the music was wonderful. <br/><br/>I live in a small town where the majority of people have had experiences like Liz'. Other reviewers here mention that no one could make a movie like this about a man, but in fact there are male characters in the movie who are in situations parallel to Liz'. Most of the people I know who went through this are male. I was hoping to get some insight into their experiences from this movie, but alas it is not possible from watching a cardboard woman who has no interpersonal, spiritual, contemplative, or emotional core. Yes, the movie was a bit long, and overall that is probably my biggest complaint. I have nothing too awful to say about it, and have given it 8/10, as opposed to the other user who rated the movie.<br/><br/>Overall, I found the movie to be entirely uplifting and inspirational. I very well enjoyed the scripting, I thought it was humorous and cute. <br/><br/>The scenes were displayed excellently; I loved seeing the culture of all the places she visited. The storyline seems to lead you in one direction, (both me and my friend believed she'd end up with her ex husband, not a new guy) which, she doesn't really end up in at all. I feel that the end part could have used more emphasis and details (from the guy she ends up with). I didn't really get the sense that she was in love with him, or should have ended up with him. <br/><br/>There were no really confusing parts of the movie to me. The music was great, as were the costumes. I liked the storyline and really loved certain quotes in the script. For the average person, you can't picture yourself as Liz, unless you can really take a year off of your work to find yourself. For anyone who is a writer though, it's doable. So, in the sense of being relatable? It is and it isn't.<br/><br/>I also wish to point out that although the word pray may be in the title, it's not really a religious movie. So, don't let that keep you from seeing it! I believe "Eat, Pray, Love" describes just something everyone needs to do in life to achieve a sense of balance, as Liz does. <br/><br/>There are many things that one can learn from watching this movie, and I would definitely recommend it. First, I should say I am no longer a fan of Julia Roberts as I have found through the years her choice in movie roles to primarily be strident and brittle. Eat, Pray, Love is a fabulous book as it allows the reader to experience the gradual spiritual growth and attendant self-confidence of Elizabeth Gilbert, the author. It is about sensuality and spirituality as they combine for self-discovery. <br/><br/>I thought, going to see the movie, that at least the visuals would be stunning because Italy, India, Bali - how can we lose? But that wasn't so. The director did not take advantage of any of his locations to stun us with the beauty. Especially Italy and India - two extraordinary places - pretty. The ashram Roberts' character attended and her final experience of being truly touched by the indwelling spirit - this wasn't even attempted. <br/><br/>Nevertheless, I enjoyed the movie, didn't mind sitting there, was going along with it and thinking, "okay" this will "do," and we get to Bali and enter Javier Bardem. In one minute my feelings went from "ho hum and this is okay" to "now this is a man and he can act." <br/><br/>Notwithstanding Julia Robert's magnificent and undeniable gift of the world's most gorgeous smile, she can't act. She is impossible to care about. She is stiff, rigid, protected. She made a few movies when young - Pretty Woman and Steel Magnolia's come to mind - in which she allowed herself to be vulnerable. But I've not seen her be vulnerable in at least 10 years. An actor must be vulnerable and I do not know why she no longer allows herself to feel a role but it is a huge disappointment in her movies. Now and then I re-watch Pretty Woman and always wonder at how lovely and naive she is in this darling film. Where did this side of her go?<br/><br/>In terrible and painful contrast, Javier Bardem is so open and full of passion, compassion, joy, pain, sexuality, hesitancy, regret, pain - feeling after feeling that his role calls for - each flowing across his beautiful and broken face. The pain the movie touched inside me came from Bardem's revelations of his past.<br/><br/>There is one tender and vital scene of wistful remembrances of Robert's marriage through a flashback dance scene. She isn't acting in it. Yet it is tremendously evocative and beautifully captures the common trap of being unable to forgive ones self for failed love and the sad result of remaining protected from being open to love again. <br/><br/>By the end, Bardem's immense screen passion, juxtaposed to Robert's woodenness, kept me wondering, "why does he care about her?" In fact, I wondered why any of the three men who loved her in the movie cared about her at all. <br/><br/>So - I believe Roberts is a failure in the movie. Julia Roberts is a miscast. Everyone who has read the book feels that way. The movie obviously needs to digress from the book to make it more interesting, but it tried to capturing the essence of the book.<br/><br/>The book is more about introspection, putting things in priority, figuring out what makes you happy, or what makes you unhappy, and appreciating simple things in life. It also has sense of adventure, and introduces you to aspects of Italian, Indian and Balinese culture that any Discovery or National Geographic special couldn't.<br/><br/>I too had trouble with the whole premise, even when reading the book, that for no tangible reason, she is unhappy in her marriage and fears becoming a mother and losing freedom and desire for exploration. Culturally we are supposed to scoff at that, but I like her line of reasoning, which we can ALL use when making decisions specially about what we want and what the priorities should be. She asks herself, whether you she would rather be covering wild pigs in Australia or some place for National Geographic, or be part of society where she is a mom, and focused on that. Answer for her was she would rather be on an adventure somewhere.<br/><br/>Sure it is not the answer we are accustomed to, but at least she figured out what she wanted and went after it, instead of choosing what would have made her miserable and make her feel trapped. That would not be good for either her child, or her husband, her marriage, herself or society. Just going through motions because culturally that is what your parents did, or the conventional life that society expects is NOT for everyone, not for Elizabeth Gilbert, and not acceptable to millions more.<br/><br/>She walked away from unhappy marriage, that is her right, she brought no harm to anyone, but actually went out of her way to save a family, be a good Ambassador, try to understand God, and try to find love.<br/><br/>CAST MISCAST <br/><br/>It almost seems that the Casting Director just read the script and never read the book. As I said above, EPL the book is about in-depth soul searching, and finding answers to the BIGGEST questions in life through the eyes and heart of a modern skeptic. When we are dealing with issues whether cultural expectation of toughing out an undesirable and unhappy marriage, finding GOD, and following your heart in matters of love, we need someone who can represent DEPTH of emotions and conflicts through their acting. To me, it would have been tough to come up with a WORSE choice than Julia Roberts. She is a terrible actress, and she only plays one role - if you have seen "Pretty Woman", you have seen EVERY Julia Roberts movie ever made. She is incapable of playing anyone else, and that is a MAJOR LOSS for this movie, because what makes the book special is ELIZABETH GILBERT. Julia Roberts got rid of her by just being herself.<br/><br/>Throughout the movie she seems ELITIST, like she was visiting from her palace and visiting the commoners, or she is a space traveler who has encountered humans for the first time. Most of the characters surrounding her were real and alive and down-to-earth, but Julia Roberts could not make us forget we are watching life of Julia Roberts.<br/><br/>Character of Luca Spaghetti was also terribly miscast. This is one case where I would not have minded typical Hollywood stereotype of an Italian. This character could have brought Italy home for us, but instead, the guy playing Luca seemed he is from Alabama or something.<br/><br/>Character of Sophie, the Swedish friend she made in Italy, was shown to be too old, and character of Suzie, her best friend, did not seem happy, despite the fact she had just fulfilled her life long dream of being a mother.<br/><br/>LOST ESSENCE OF THE MOVIE <br/><br/>Italy came the closest, in capturing Elizabeth Gilbert's quest. In India she learned to forgive herself and that was captured, but she spends significant time trying to be one with God, and finally has an out of body experience. Not an easy experience to put pictures too. I guess an escaped Elephant walking up to her to say hi to her was supposed to show that. A significant portion of the book is spent on What makes Balinese culture special. The whole idea of balance is key to their very being and that word is only trotted out at the very end we she doesn't want to get on the boat with her lover. It is so out of context, that when she says, she is worried about losing her balance, person who has not read the book would think she is afraid of falling out of the boat into the water.<br/><br/>Some beautiful characters were completely eliminated. The guy who takes her to the top of Ashram is a Carpenter from Newzealand, who leaves here with a poem, letting her gaze at the stars, not in middle of the day. Despite all this, as a fan of Elizabeth Gilbert and "Eat, Pray, Love", I am still satisfied and recommend this movie to all. Eat Pray Love I sort of liked this film. Is it a great film? No. Is it as profound and enlightening as it would perhaps like itself to be? No. Is it self indulgent? Possibly.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts ( I never quite understood the attraction) enters the female equivalent of a mid life crisis and feels trapped in a dead marriage to a man she no longer loves. Robert's character Liz yearns for something more fulfilling in life. Not just in love and relationship terms but life as a whole. Following a brief fling and a period of unrest she embarks on a global quest to rediscover herself ( she must be one of the very few American's to own a passport) and heads off to Italy.<br/><br/>This is obviously the 'Eat' part of the film. Not since 'Eat drink man woman' have I felt so hungry watching a movie. There is shot after shot of wonderfully sumptuous food and the Italian way of life, food and family is very well presented to the viewer and you find yourself drawn into a world that seems as comfortable as old slippers and one you do not wish to leave. There are wonderful scenes of Rome and the atmosphere oozes out of the screen. It's so captivating you don't want it to end, but end it does awakening us from a sense of relaxed slumber by the in your face intensity of India.<br/><br/>The introduction to India is superb, and the immediate intensity of culture shock is apparent. There are the mandatory street scenes of wandering cows and children foraging in the garbage, beggars and the lame. Liz heads for the sanctuary of an Ashram where she hopes to not only find herself but connect with God. There is a strong performance here from Richard Jenkins who's character seems to single handedly carry this 'Pray' section of the film. In some ways this middle third, needed to express the transition from self indulgence to happiness by way of enlightenment yet it lacks real substance or the ability to express its purpose on the journey. Perhaps by avoiding tackling a strong message or becoming bogged down in the whole eastern mystical cliché the film manages to stay light and sidesteps reality.<br/><br/>Next Liz jets off to South East Asia where amongst the rice paddies and lush palms she finds herself plunged into the 'love' part of her journey. In the final chapter of Eat pray love there are the classic elements of every romantic film that has come before it. The initial accidental meeting, the general indifference toward each other and the eventual sailing of into the sunset, literally. A bigger cliché ending one could not imagine. The film is as slushy as fresh sleet on Tottenham Court Road, though there is not thankfully, any vomit inducing montage scene of Julia Roberts trying on hats or dresses. Despite being a woman's film it manages to avoid being saccharine sweet or as bad as Sex In The City but remains predictable and naively optimistic.<br/><br/>So why did I like it? Firstly, having been to all the places where the film was shot, it was heart warming and reminiscent to see beautiful shots of exotic places my foot had once trod. Secondly the soundtrack is wonderful. Without either of those two elements I don't think I could have stomached it, but joined at the hip together with some good acting all round, it soothed the intestines like Pepto Bismal and made a potentially painful ulcer more bearable.<br/><br/>Inoffensively Enjoyable 7/10 I know that there were many negative reviews.<br/><br/>I loved this movie. The cinematography was beautiful. I love seeing sites of the world that I will never see in person, but it was so well done that I felt like I was there.<br/><br/>I loved the character development. I loved that there was just a slight glimpse of the Julia Roberts smile and laugh. that we all know so well, yet it was very brief.<br/><br/>I didn't see it as a rich woman's journey around the world (as was said on another site) I saw it as a woman who somehow made her way to become knowledgeable.<br/><br/>Didn't hurt that she ultimately hooked up with the gorgeous man at the end I will never understand the constant complaints. Well the film isn't like the book. The book did this and that and so on and so on.<br/><br/>People with a book you have the pages to create and the writers to make a character come to life in one simple page. That just isn't so in film, a film you need to establish a character after first finding an adequate reason to make them appear. There are so many time and budget factors in film that making a film exactly like the book is all but impossible.<br/><br/>If you are going to constantly compare the movie not just this one but any movie to the book then you are going to be constantly disappointed. Take the movie for what it is worth, a film based on the book. That's right! I was one of 6 guys out of 200 people to see this movie on Friday night. Loyal husband--you understand! Well, as for the movie. I am sorry to say that Julia did not have chemistry with anyone and I mean anyone--OK maybe the elephant! It was just a bland movie that made no sense to me--but what do I know. I should have asked the other guys but they were leaving the theatre like me in a hurry and with baseball caps over their eyes.<br/><br/>No applause at the end of the movie. I asked my wife what she felt about the movie and she agreed it was bland too. Sorry Julia it's you and Richard Gere or nobody! There are many mixed reactions to both the popular book EAT LOVE PRAY by Elizabeth Gilbert and the cinematic transcription by Jennifer Salt and director Ryan Murphy - from adoration to loathing. And exploring the reasons for this spectrum probably would result in a hint as to how far in life's journey each responder has gone. The general theme of the fallout from sustaining a broken heart and being the perpetrator of breaking a heart makes for a thoughtful discussion on where we are in our ability to form lasting relationships today. The movie may be awash in color and overwhelm the viewer with National Geographic-like splendors of the world, but at the fore of the film is a little tale that deserves telling - or at least thinking about. <br/><br/>Writer Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts) sees what is lacking in her early marriage to Stephen (Billy Crudup) and realizes as a couple they have grown apart. She tells Stephen quite frankly that the marriage is over - leaving a broken heart in Stephen. Liz's editor Delia (Viola Davis) supports Liz's sense of being lost and encourages her to follow her instincts and set out to see the world and in the process to find herself. After a ricochet romance with young actor David Piccolo (James Franco) who is a free spirit and introduces Liz to meditation, Liz gathers her courage and sets off to see the world. She visits Bali, meets healer Ketut (Hadi Subiyanto), who encourages her to deal with her inner self and follow her heart. Liz is off to Rome where she discovers the secret of simply relaxing to enjoy being alive - while she consumes plentiful Italian cooking! - and engages an Italian language teacher Giovanni (Luca Argentero) and a mutual friend Sofi (Tuva Novotny) and in time absorbs the sense of family and unconditional love and the beauty and gestural language of Italy. She then travels to India where she joins an ashram to concentrate on meditation and makes friends with a young girl Tulsi (Rushita Singh) who is facing a forced marriage (Liz offers her advice that marriage is what you make it), and a Texan Richard (Richard Jenkins, offering the strongest performance in the film) who ultimately shares his sad past of broken hearts with Liz as they bond. Liz then is off to Bali to see Ketut again and discovers Felipe (Javier Bardem) who is likewise distancing himself from a ruined marriage but retains a close love for his children. It is this final coming together of two souls with similar needs who form the ending of the story. <br/><br/>Yes, the story tugs at the heartstrings at bit heavily but perhaps being a little more vulnerable to the ideas about which this book/film speak is what we all need more than chat room cold distancing. The cinematography by Robert Richardson is lushly colorful and the original music score by Dario Marianelli enhances each step of the film's journey. The cast is well chosen, even in the small roles (one would expect only the best from the all star cast assembled), and the direction keeps the at times confusing back and forth process of storytelling fluid. Maybe it is the approaching season that makes this film feel warm, but that is really OK. <br/><br/>Grady Harp The movie was so boring that i wanted to walk out of the theater any minute but controlled myself. I wonder how such a wonderful and talented actress like JULIA ROBERTS took up this script? They have shown beautiful locations in Italy and Bali. The movie was more like a documentary with tourist information.The story line was so weak and the screenplay goes so slow that people started getting restless and literally were yawning.! The characters in the movie are portrayed in such a way that you forget them easily when she moves on to another destination.The only exciting information i learned is that BALI is an amazing holiday spot for couples. My overall review is the movie is below average. About the spoiler alert: I don't know if it is a spoiler, but I mention my opinion about a choice that's made concerning what is showed in one scene, and the other thing is that I give my opinion about the connection between the characters played by Julia Roberts and Javier Bardem (in the scene after their characters supposedly had sex). <br/><br/>One detail: I don't like the finnish word for review, so I'll call all the reviews I'm gonna write, my OPINIONS, not reviews. <br/><br/>OK, so here it is: I came home few hours ago from watching Eat Pray Love and I really liked it! This movie goes to my favorite movies "list" (at least at this moment,) alongside with The Abyss and The House Of Sand And Fog, just to name couple from my "list". I'm a very audiovisual person (I like to watch various style of movies and dancing, and listen and play music), so I REALLY LIKED to see Julia Roberts smiling so much in this movie (at least comparing to the last role I saw her in, which was duplicity) and hear her laughter (Julia Roberts truly is one my favorite actresses, like it wasn't apparent). Also, I really liked the dialog, casting was very good and I enjoyed the scenery shown in this movie! Those things I mentioned are enough for me to give 10 out 10 stars! <br/><br/>Couple of details about the movie: I liked the choice that's made in scene where the characters Liz and Felipe are going to have sex, but that scene ends with Liz closing the door. I think that it was a much better choice to leave what happened after Liz close the door to the viewers imagination, than showing it. I like the connection between Julia and Javier in this movie, except in the scene after they supposedly had sex. I thought the intimate connection you could expect to see wasn't there, maybe a second viewing of the movie will change that? That was pretty much the only negative thing in movie for me, this movie really gives something for all the senses! <br/><br/>If you haven't seen this movie yet and you're hesitant to go see it, because it has the word Pray in the title and you think there is a lot of talking about God and you're not 100% sure that God exists, or something like that. Well, God is such a personal matter, but I guess I'll do a risky thing? If it gets someone to watch this movie? I'm gonna include here what I've heard about what God can mean to some people and my opinion about believing in something (whether it be God or some other matter). There is talking about God in this movie, but this movie doesn't focus just on God (doh!, like wouldn't be apparent just by looking at the title). My opinion is that no one should force their believes (of God or about any other matter) to anyone else! Everyone should be free to believe in whatever they want, as long it doesn't hurt anyone else, mentally or physically. I think that this movie doesn't force you to believe that a certain kind of God exists, because the script doesn't specify what God means in this movie. I've heard that the word God can mean different things to different people. I heard someone say that the word God could be replaced for instance with the word Love! You can agree with that or not! Your choice! Life is full of those! I end my first opinion about any movie by saying: live in as much Peace and Happiness as you can! Great film, wonderful acting, great story and lovely places visited. I can see why people would criticise this film to death, that's because you have not experienced love like this.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts is fantastic in this film, a really mature and empathic performance. The emotional subjects are really done well, the director has to be congratulated at filming this film at the right pace. The humour is simple but very touching.<br/><br/>The film touched me very deeply, its the only film where my girlfriend and i cried together at the end. The film will help you to make sense of the partners you have chosen in the past and it will touch those who only ever wanted to be happy and in love....attraversiamo x If you liked the female-empowerment flick Under the Tuscan Sun, you'll absolutely love Eat Pray Love. I can't stand either, but I've never had much of a stomach for estrogen-fests with extremely selfish, self-serving heroines who are supposed to be admired. There's a strong distinction between taking care of yourself and leaving chaos in your wake. Both women in both movies don't care about the messes they make, but instead spontaneously decide to "find themselves" by losing themselves in a foreign environment and a new love affair.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts is unhappy at home with her handsome hubby Billy Crudup, so she gets a divorce and has a fling with James Franco. Dating someone new is exciting because he doesn't know all your flaws yet and you don't have to reveal anything unpleasant if you don't want to. It doesn't mean he's better for you than your past partner, and it doesn't mean you're changing and growing. She could have saved herself thousands of dollars, and saved her readers and movie audiences from witnessing her mistakes, since all she seemed to want to do was have an affair with a new handsome man. Instead, she decides to find her happiness by traipsing all around the world, rather than just getting some therapy. Before her trip, she proved that her entire trip is completely unnecessary; going to bed with James Franco didn't turn her into a new woman, so why will going to bed with Javier Bardem?<br/><br/>These types of trips are self-indulgent vacations, not journeys to find oneself. Finding oneself involves digging down deep no matter what view is outside your hotel window, getting to know your flaws, and figuring out how to change as you struggle through life's hardships. Finding oneself does not involve eating oily pizza, buying new jeans, and hopping in bed with a stranger. If the message of the movie was, "Let's take a vacation!" I wouldn't have hated it so much, but to fill unhappy women with such a righteous falsehood is dangerous.<br/><br/>Since this is based off a memoir, there are some moments that will make women in the audience chuckle at their realism. Very few movies acknowledge the reason for bladder infections, and while it's a funny scene, it doesn't help Julia realize she's looking outside herself for happiness. And while it's supposed to be amusing to see her struggle to figure out how to eat thin-crust pizza, it makes you wonder what rock she was living under in the United States. Who hasn't eaten thin-crust pizza by the time they're in their forties?<br/><br/>In Italy, Julia eats. In India, she prays, and in Bali, she falls in love. Once again, I find the message offensive to different cultures-but only because it's supposed to be so profound and inspiring. There's no reason why she couldn't find love in Venice and inner peace while staring up at the Vatican. Why couldn't she have fallen in love in India and discovered a love of that cuisine? It's very stereotypical, to devalue three countries into one simple word apiece. Italy is only good for its food, India is Gandhi, and in Bali, you can prance around in a sarong and find a good time.<br/><br/>Everything in this film revolves around the heroine's selfishness and what she wants at the moment. As she's packing her backs in America, her best friend Viola Davis doesn't send her full support and cautions her that running away isn't the brave thing to do. Viola's arguments are completely right, but the screenplay destroys the courage it took to tell her best friend the harsh truth; she admits that she's actually jealous of Julia's freedom to abandon everything and put herself first. Problem solved: Julia's doing the right thing! Julia meets Richard Jenkins during her praying segment, and he tells her his tragic story of how his own selfishness and bad choices destroyed lives. He says he ran away from his problems, too, and has been searching for inner peace for years. While I was left thinking that he took the coward's way out and was still being selfish rather than accepting his misery and trying to atone to those he hurt, the rest of the audience was supposed to think he was enlightened and did the right thing. Problem solved: if you hurt people, you can run away and focus on yourself and think you've become an evolved person!<br/><br/>If Julia Roberts merely took a vacation, or if she had a buddy trip with Viola and she took more chances than her reserved friend, it might have been a cute movie. For a journey of enlightenment and personal struggle, it would have been a better movie if she'd stayed at home and had long talks with a therapist, her friends who have enabled her behavior, and her husband who kept her stuck in a place that no longer makes her happy. That wouldn't have entertained most people, I suppose, but it also wouldn't have taught women to look outside themselves for momentary happiness. Another piece of art wherein the East is nothing other than ancient and the only value it carries is the spiritual one. Haven't read the book but the portrayal of India in the movie is the stereotypical view of the Orient by the Occidentals. Tragic how even in these modern times, people who have a responsibility towards their viewers refuse to do their research and instead base their representations on ideas from the 19th century. The movie reeks of Elitism. I remember reading Liz Gilbert's book and watching the movie shortly after it came out. Back then, I was a naive 18 or 19-year-old focused on the travel part of the book/movie. I totally missed the blatantly overt ME ME ME, first-world, third-wave feminist narrative going on. Well recently, I rewatched this movie and wow, what an eye-opener. All I can say is that this story is about a narcissistic woman who abandons her bewildered husband, supportive friends and comfy job and proceeds to: have a fling with a young, loser actor, eat herself silly in Italy (what is it with people gorging on Italian food, anyway?), pretends to find enlightenment in India by hanging out with other privileged, sad westerners and a depressed Indian girl, then goes to Bali to continue complaining about her first-world problems all the while being pursued by a hunky Brazilian. This movie should serve as a cautionary example of what modern day women should NOT do (or should serve as an example to men of what kind of women to avoid), and yet, women like Liz Gilbert are held up as role models in our backwards society. Abandoning all of your responsibilities and focusing exclusively on yourself, all the while traversing the globe, will not make your problems go away and will not bring you long-lasting fulfillment! I've watched this so many times over years. It's been the first movie that would come to mind whenever I've felt down about anything, and the first movie I'd recommend watching for girls' nights or if a friend needed any sort of reassuring that things would turn out okay. <br/><br/>Disclaimers: I've never reviewed a movie before, and do not identify as a hyper- feminist crazy person or a film buff. When I checked the reviews I was very surprised. Particularly interesting was the ever-growing list that claims that 50% of people will see Eat, Pray Love as happy journey to self discovery, while the other 50, the enlightened bunch, are appalled at the way it gives a hateful woman power to overturn the life of anybody she encounters, simply because she is "pretty and rich." <br/><br/>If you are reading these reviews, and are in the camp that anticipates the deterioration of American society as linked to this sort of twisted female empowerment, chances are you have been discouraged from seeing this movie. If I had read them before ever watching it, I would have shut my screen as well. <br/><br/>Don't. Give it a chance. <br/><br/>While I can see why Liz would be condemned for her immaturity in her early 40's, this movie obviously doesn't attempt to blanket that at all. In fact, this is the whole point. It's giving a woman who should be at a point of self-awareness and mental clarity a second chance to create something without totally breaking the life, childless at least, of the man she married and just cannot seem to feel herself growing with. A rather far-fetched, idealistic tale, the point of this long romantic adventure, thick with detail great acting by ALL, is simple. She is talking about moving to expensive places for work from the very start. Her character wants adventure and "balance," and the life she has at the beginning, with the person she's convinced herself to "end up with" doesn't grant her that. Why not save everyone the pain and start over while she can? Why not be selfish if it's this productive, instead of continuing to poison the collective atmosphere- we only get one life, as far as we know, at least.<br/><br/>She understands that she can't create happiness for anyone when she herself is unhappy, and we see that through until the very end. The cast list was beautifully chosen- anyone else as Liz would potentially have botched the role, but Julia Roberts executes it perfectly- she's impossible to dislike, EVEN here.<br/><br/>So what, Italy is portrayed as clean and idealistic? Again, that is the point. The target audience would see it this way, and feel compelled to travel and explore and change and grow and thrive. This is not a movie for the happily married thirty-something. It's geared at people are are still trying to find a happy medium, a purpose and a "word." You won't like this movie if you're avoiding/don't feel the need to find reasons to question and better your life. I guess I'm one of the (lucky? unlucky?) 50% who still do. So far have soaked at least two tissues mopping up tears of laughter rolling down my face after reading the many witty and insightful reviews of this movie.<br/><br/>Maybe part of the reason Eat Pray Love the Movie elicits such an indignant response from lots of viewers is because it claims to be a story that touches a profound chord of womanhood in a deeply authentic way.<br/><br/>But the reality is that there's not a moment, not a second of authenticity in the whole film. I cannot believe for one minute any of the characters or their relationships with each other.<br/><br/>The male leads are all attractive and likable but that any one of them would be captivated by, much less in love with, the Liz character defies all credibility.<br/><br/>It doesn't help that Liz is played by Julia Roberts, who is a very limited actor. Her acting is confined to three attitudes: sadness tinged with irritation at the many flawed mortals who simply cannot see her for the angel on earth that she is, serene acceptance of the adoration of the few enlightened souls who do recognize her true worth and great beauty, and haughty skepticism of the legions of men who love her upon first sight but who she suspects Only Want One Thing from her.<br/><br/>While the role of Liz is age appropriate for Julia Roberts, the relationship that seems the most fabricated is the one with James Franco. To begin with, how many women write a play and then have it produced in a full-scale production? A play that comes conveniently complete with a hunky younger lead actor who falls in love with the older female playwright? This story isn't presented as a mid-life female fantasy, yet almost every aspect of it is not truthful.<br/><br/>There is absolutely no genuine spark between Julia Roberts and James Franco on screen. She's too big for him, her head and features are too large for his, her lips too swollen, they're just not a match physically and it's a bit creepy to watch them try to pretend.<br/><br/>Javier Bardem is such a big, warm, likable guy that the sheer force of his personality carries the day to some extent, but even with that Julia's prissy persona prevents a convincing connection between them.<br/><br/>Billy Crudup is a very believable character acting away over there all by himself with no feedback from Julia. Why he's in love with this woman isn't apparent to the average viewer, as she certainly doesn't seem lovable to us.<br/><br/>And the round-the-world scenario is just too ludicrous for words. Who came up with this sitch and did she think it would really fly with the ticket buying public? C'mon.<br/><br/>As an absurdist baby boomer female fantasy maybe this movie would have worked, but to present it as Profound Truth was just a mistake. I couldn't decide whether I wanted to entitle this review as "Look at me, I'm an Ungrateful, Entitled Bitch" or "I just rolled my eyes a million times in two hours".<br/><br/>"Hi, I'm Julia Roberts! I weigh one ounce, but because there's "Eat" in the title of my movie, I'm going to pretend that I scoff myself on delicious food-porn and it has no effect on my body whatsoever. I used to be considered the best actress in Hollywood, but now, the real best actress in Hollywood gets the minor role of "my nice best friend" because I'm white and she's black - tra la!. My movie is in the genre of "Romantic Fantasies for Extremely Silly Women" and because of that I start the movie with an insanely hot husband, leave him for an even more insanely hot boyfriend and then end up with "King Insanely Hot", because I'm a woman, and I deserve it." <br/><br/>Don't women want equality? Well if they do, then they need to stop reading "Eat Pray Love" and "50 Shades of Grey" and start behaving like respectable adults, because films like this are an absolute insult to the struggle that women went through to get any rights at all. We do not get to see Julia Roberts on screen that often, so any return is a welcome treat.<br/><br/>The smile and acting ability are still firmly in place and there are reminders of why Roberts became one of the biggest female film stars in the world.<br/><br/>Liz Gilbert (Roberts), bitterly unhappy with her perfect life, decides that enough is almost certainly just too much and files for divorce from her spectacularly self absorbed husband - Stephen (Crudup).<br/><br/>Struggling with the decision, Gilbert uses the support of her friends to pull her through, but ultimately appears even more lost than when she was married.<br/><br/>Deciding she needs time away to find her "balance" she travels to Italy, India and finally Bali on a journey of "self discovery".<br/><br/>It is made very clear that following her divorce settlement, she loses everything. Quite how this year long trip is then financed, receives scant mention other than beautiful idyllic villas are cheap in Bali, "due to the bombing".<br/><br/>Roberts and all the supporting actors notably Javier Bardem, James Franco and Richard Jenkins are effective but the story is where the tale singularly refuses to catch fire.<br/><br/>Based on the best selling novel of the same name by Gilbert, what appeared in print as an authors heartfelt journey to find herself, through a cathartic writing experience, here somehow translates into a self indulgent odyssey through over eating, comic meditation & "Karate Kid" style Balinesque soothsaying.<br/><br/>Many people in the world get divorced and go through unimaginable heartbreak, most of them have to get up the next day and go to work or look after their kids. Many might think that jet setting around the world might be an attractive option but do not have the resource or time to do so.<br/><br/>Having spent much of the film suggesting she can function very well without a man, suddenly, well you probably get the picture by now. Although the final few scenes might have many shouting at the screen asking exactly "what do you want?".<br/><br/>There is much to like, Bardem in particular looks and sounds the part, his relationship with his son is well played and early suitor Franco, looks and feels suitably tortured. A stand out scene from Jenkins gives him a chance to really exercise his acting chops.<br/><br/>Director Ryan Murphy, strives very hard not to present locally costumed Julia Roberts in photogenic Rome, locally costumed Julia Roberts in photogenic India and so on. Choosing to try to relate the story to real life emotion and situations. This is a classic and simple tale, do you really believe we take all our problems with us however far we run or can we only get perspective when we are away.<br/><br/>However, by the time we get to India all pretense is cast away and movie cliché's run amok. Certainly, India is a mighty big place for one stray "on the loose" ceremonial elephant to choose that moment to be petted by a global film star. Audiences are inconveniently left to suspend belief to breaking point or mumble audible "ah's" at the screen, dependant on your ambient level of cynicism.<br/><br/>The reviewer is not the target audience but box office does suggest that the film did connect with viewers in some way. However, such a story is perhaps best suited to the printed page where you can experience the story within your own imagination, rather than selected film images being placed in your mind, however carefully.<br/><br/>Summary <br/><br/>Undeniably well acted and photogenic but loses focus after a while, a film where you might want to shout at the screen but not in a good way.<br/><br/>Cautiously recommended for Roberts fans, travelogue lovers and anyone recently divorced hoping there really might be an easier option, if only they had the time, resources and circle of friends to support them.<br/><br/>http://julesmoviereviews.blogspot.com/ This is a very enjoyable movie. True the heroine may be self-centered but I think not more than most of the people of her class. The strongest aspect of the film though is not character development but the portrayal of the scenery in Rome, Calcutta and Bali-the cobbled stones of the Centro Storico, the crowded streets of Calcutta, the fields of rice in Bali. The other fine point has to do with food:in a terrific scene Julia Roberts devours a spaghetti, in a way delivered as a substitute of sexual pleasure. A fine scene of eating a meal under the Roman sky,a family and friends meal. Also the preparation of medicinal herbs which resembles the preparation of food. The loves and tribulations of the heroine although intense are as such rather commonplace but her journey of self-discovery takes her to fine places where she meets interesting people and samples great food. She also has some moments of generosity that redeem her generally selfish attitude towards life and people. In conclusion watch this film because of Julia Roberts, the scenery and places and the food- more than enough to satisfy the most demanding viewer. I'm gonna divorce my wife for making watch this monstrosity. Julia Roberts is not a attractive women. Just don't understand the attraction anybody has for her. With that being said this movie was awful. At least give us men some naked women or something to make us care about this trash film. There is nothing about this movie to like!!! This had to be a real reach for even Julia Roberts, took way to long to get to the point of the story.
There were some cute moments, the writing was terrible, it just took way too long to get through
a segment. Yes....the food looked good which was the best part if this film. Julia Roberts portrayed a shallow, selfish woman and I really wonder why, when she read the script, she took the role. I have always thought her as better. This movie is about endurance - will the watcher sit through the whole movie or cut their losses and turn it off. It is also about gratitude - thankfully I didn't pay a movie theater, on demand, pay-for-view to watch it. It is a poor variation on Under The Tuscan Sun - which, if you watch this film, you should immediately turn on to get this film out of your mind. This movie has no story, poor direction, no screenplay. Why on earth someone has to make such a stupid movie? IMDb score of this movie is poor but I though it was box office hit so decided to watch. Definitely waste of time. This movie tells the story of Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts), a woman whose life isn't going as expected, that decides to make a big move, travelling to tree different places in order to find herself.<br/><br/>The movie was very boring between the main plots, specially when in Italy, and seemed to be 5 hours long while watching it. Liz, the person which the whole movie was about, was very selfish at some parts, like when she suddenly asked for a divorce, without even letting her husband to know why, and when she used David (James Franco), throwing him away afterwards, leaving both heartbroken.<br/><br/>After dating with Felipe (Javier Bardem, a spanish actor that played a brazilian whose portuguese was awful) for a while, she broke even more his already broken by a divorce heart saying "I don't have to love you to love myself", and then right after she changes her mind and accepts to live her life with him, split between NY and Bali somehow.<br/><br/>Although Julia Roberts played her part very well, and the soundtrack, as well as the scenery of the film were very good, the movie as a whole was a bit disappointing, ending with a love that seemed unrealistic at some parts.<br/><br/>Honorable mentions: Richard from Texas (Richard Jenkins), whose story was great; Ketut Liyer (Hadi Subiyanto), a very charismatic Balinese medicine man with no teeth. This movie makes my heart shine. It's such an epic journey of discovery and love of thy self amd the world. And has amazing characters and friends Indeed, movie is brutal honesty, how people with personality disorder Narcissism see world from own perspective. But for sure this was not intentionally. Intention was justifie in kitschy pink style cover all the ugly behevior of Liz and show like sublime deep mysycal search for your self. Lize is not a hero and victim, she is an unscrupulous exploiter which leaves deeply hurt people behind. Problem is what Eat Pray Love movie wants show her character likeable and deep thinking, but exactly is opposite, her thoughts and replicas are woefully infanile and shallow, in fact comically miserable. Liz use everything, people,surroundings, culutre, religion, food whether it be, just superficially grab from all she thinks is only there because of her and of her her path of enlightenment. In this sense movie is veryauhentycly and is useful for edukacion purposes how realy look Narcissistic disorder from subjective perspective. This movie is beautiful to look at. The people are beautiful to look at. The food is beautiful to look at. The places are beautiful to look at. But, in terms of substance, it is total BS. The main problem is that it tries desperately to portray cowardice, and the inability to face up to the vicissitudes of relationships, as some sort of courage or even heroism. It's a total waste of time. Nice fantasy for lonely women though, I guess. Wow, I'm shocked at all the hate for this movie. I think it's great. I've watched it 4 or 5 times. Maybe Its because I can relate to the empty feeling Julia's character has, and her strong desire to find a life that really matters to her and brings fulfillment and joy. I don't understand the negative reviews. People are judging the main character (or even Julia Roberts, even though she is not her character, she's only playing it) for the things she does, for making selfish decisions etc. And even though some of the things can be looked at this way, nobody is perfect. Every one of us, no matter how hard we tried, sometimes made a mistake or a bad decision or even hurt someone, even if it was unwillingly. That is just life. That's why I think this movie is simple and honest. The character that Julia plays is messy, but I think that's authentic. The movies is simply the adventure of a woman, or in other words/ just life.<br/><br/>This movie will calm you down if you feel overwhelmed with decisions, other people's opinions and expectations of you, and your expectations of yourself. Life is a journey and if something is not right - you have to do something about it, change something, and allow yourself to change for the better. That's what I take out of this movie, and I think that's quite enough to say this is a very nice movie. By Jonathan Decker (Family therapist, film critic)<br/><br/>WHAT'S EAT PRAY LOVE ABOUT? A woman seeks to find herself through a year of traveling, meditation, and dining. Based on the novel of the same name.<br/><br/>IS IT ANY GOOD? Before Facebook, you may recall, one might sit through literal slide-shows (projected onto a sheet, for example) in order to experience a friend's vacation. This film feels like sitting through such an evening, if your friend were self-indulgent and a bit narcissistic, kept bringing up her broken marriage and her justifications for a fling during the slideshow, gabbed on and on about the wonderful people she met as if you knew them, and took way too long to show her admittedly scenic slides.<br/><br/>As someone who enjoys glimpses into world cultures/religions, good actors, and romance in general, I'll admit that there were a few moments that charmed, enlightened, and moved me. But this sluggishly-paced movie feels a good 45 minutes longer than its 2 hour and 15 minute running time. This is to say nothing of its repetitive narrative structure, general predictability, and disturbing core message: You can find peace through avoidance of accountability and by literally coming to see yourself as your own god. It's all about "love yourself" and "forgive yourself," which is fine, but the protagonist takes no responsibility for what she does to hurt other people early on. Julia Roberts is likable, but her character here mostly is not. This is not a film I'd revisit.<br/><br/>IS IT OKAY FOR YOUR KIDS? Eat Pray Love is rated PG-13. It has a fair amount of foul language (including one use of the phrase "mother——," which I thought was only allowed in R-rated films), sexual innuendo, male rear nudity, and implications of adultery and other sex outside of marriage.<br/><br/>ANY WORTHWHILE MESSAGES? It is not enough to life for self- fulfillment; one must live to benefit others. Take time to enjoy and savor life. All that kept this film from receiving a less than zero score were (some) sincere, moving performances, Ms. Roberts' not being one of them. A waste of time, effort, film stock, cinematography, mega-money...you name it, it has nothing going for it. Sorry. All movie-making is exploitation, but this one pushes the envelope. Cheap sentiment, manipulation, film-school tricks: ugh. Don't waste your time. Unless, of course, you like spending hours of your life in a colorful haze with nothing to show for it after, not even thought-provoking questions (other than "why did I do this to myself??) about life, love, friendship, can I afford to go to Italy this summer, etc., etc. Watching this film is like being force-fed "no-cal" chocolate mousse. I couldn't find myself in the review provided here. I, myself have been on a spiritually travel around the world for more than ten years. The images are so nice, beautiful locations, and beautiful lessons of life. If you never left your home town and have a nine to five job you probably don't understand this movie and think it is crap. If you have travelled a lot, and or were following your heart for many years, it's a beautiful story, well told. The acting is great, the characters well chosen. What do I have to say more, just watch and see.<br/><br/>Thank you people all working on this film. One of the best movies ever seen! I had heard bad reviews about this movie, but when I had to watch it in one of my classes I thought, "how bad could it be?". The answer is: absolutely horrid. The acting as well as the writing is so terrible. There are actors who shine in certain scenes, such as James Franco and the man Liz meets in India (can't remember his name at the moment). Julia Roberts' character, on the other hand, is so whiny and ungrateful throughout the whole thing. The worst part about this movie is that by 15 minutes in you are completely bored and you know that you still have to suffer as she visits THREE different countries. By the time she was in Italy I was ready to leave the class just because this movie was that awful. All she did in Italy was eat (which we later find out she was there for FOUR MONTHS, which is how long it felt like to the audience as well). There was absolutely no REAL character growth. This movie was filled with awful writing that had random tidbits of "inspiration". Worst of all, Julia Roberts gives a less-than- thrilled voice over throughout the whole movie. I was so shocked (yet THANKFUL) when the end credits rolled up and I saw that Ryan Murphy directed and wrote the movie. I love American Horror Story and Glee, but Ryan Murphy obviously must have been focusing more on those shows when he wrote this screenplay because it was god-awful. (Sorry Ryan). So, unless you want to watch Julia Roberts screw with three (yes, THREE) different men, complain, stuff her face, and then come to no real conclusion other than the fact she needs "Balance" in her life, then do not watch this movie. Now I need to go cleanse myself by watching something good. The movie is closely aligned with the book - so if the book was not your thing then do not watch the movie and don't be disingenuous by criticising the movie if you haven't read the book, okay.<br/><br/>This movie speaks to women of a certain age, divorced, single - whatever - who feel there is something 'out there' they're seeking. That would be me so therefore I loved it. I have also been to Rome and Naples (and Bali) numerous times so the lovingly directed scenes in these places just captivated me. So much so - that I sought out the hotel in the street where 'Liz' has her apartment (FYI - it's Hotel Portoghesi on Via dei Portoghesi)and the apartment in the movie is across the street. <br/><br/>The love affair with Rome is clearly evident and just enjoy the beauty of this. I have not read this book yet which will probably ruin my love for this movie since the books usually are always immensely better than the film. With that being said, I was disappointed by some of the same points as mentioned in other user reviews... however I chose to see past the presentations weaknesses such as very strange lighting and camera work and focus on the positive. Because you can read about the weaknesses in other reviews I will attempt to capture the positive points of this production only bringing up a couple of small weaknesses. They are hardly noticeable if you are not to critical when watching the movie. <br/><br/>There are many points in the movie which are effectively monologues where Liz, Julia Roberts character, is talking about her experiences and what she has learned from those experiences. She discusses her transformation through her journey of rediscovering who she is meant to be. As the title indicates she seeks to find pleasure in food, closeness to God, and a new understanding of her relationship to men. She learns to overcome regret and self loathing. She meets many people on her journey who effectively illustrate the lessons to be learned by us all. If you take the time to really listen to her musings, which are essentially her writing another letter or article in monologue form, you will experience her journey with her and understand why she makes the decisions she does.<br/><br/>Relationships are lacking in depth in this film which can be very disappointing at points in the movie when you expect "more" from their communication with each other. Philippe, Liz, Richard from Texas, Ketut, and Mr. Spaghetti seemed to have the most memorable characters. And no, I don't remember Mr. Spaghetti because of his name but rather because of what he says to Liz in the barber shop about American ideas of what leisure is versus the Italian idea of what leisure should be. I've only seen the movie twice which, in my opinion, is not enough times to really memorize and critique all the defects of each character.<br/><br/>I am the type of person to focus on what I can get out of the context of the movie and what each character had to offer on a level of deeper self-awareness and lessons I could carry away from the ideas presented. I suggest that you focus on what you can learn. Ignore the flaws in the film production and carry away the diamonds in the rough. Appreciate the beauty of the locations used for the movie. This film made me want to visit these places someday, especially Rome. I have wanted to visit Italy since I saw Under the Tuscan Sun. It is truly a unique country that is exquisitely beautiful in culture and landscapes. These two films do all of these countries justice with the filmed locations. I'm looking forward to the day when I can visit the very places I have seen in these movies. I hope this review gives you an idea of what to honestly expect. The struggle to find balance in one's life is a quest many of us will never accomplish. The problem is not so much that we do not carry the tools required to have a balanced life, but instead that we fight a constant battle within ourselves.<br/><br/>Based on an incredibly true story, Julia Roberts stars in the movie Eat Pray Love as the character Liz Gilbert, a woman who loses her passion for life because of her constant involvement in relationships. <br/><br/>Gilbert travels to Italy, Bali and India to cleanse her mind, body and soul from the male influences in her life, "since I was fifteen I've either been with a guy or breaking up with a guy. I haven't had so much as two weeks just to deal with myself." By traveling to places rich in culture, key lessons reveal themselves, aiding Gilbert on her journey to self-actualization.<br/><br/>Full of tears and self-indulging moments, Eat Pray Love is a film that many women can relate to and find comfort in if they are or have ever been in a personal crisis. Not only is the movie comforting to feminine needs, but it forces you to think about your life and whether you have the balance that Gilbert is searching for. This makes Eat Pray Love a psychologically intriguing movie that develops a deeper personal message for the audience.<br/><br/>Just like most of Julia Roberts' movies, or films like Sex and the City, Eat Pray Love is entertainment suited for the ladies and will most likely not appeal to the male audience.<br/><br/>As for whether or not Gilbert reaches self-actualization, you will just have to see for yourself. At the beginning of the movie, she's really emotional, on the floor of the living room in the middle of the night, crying and praying to God to tell her what to do. She's so unhappy in her marriage. Yet we have met her husband, and he's done absolutely nothing to indicate there's anything wrong with him. So these emotions seem completely irrational. She hooks up with a young actor. Then she leaves him for no apparent reason.<br/><br/>She goes to Italy. She finds new friends. She eats. Italy is great, her friends are great. She is having a great time with really nice people. But she leaves Italy.<br/><br/>She goes to India to look up this guru her ex-boyfriend followed in NYC. Very boring prayer and meditation stuff all day long. She meets this Texan, an asshole, who constantly belittles her, criticizes her, tells her what to do, how to think, how to feel, how she's not measuring up. She puts up with it. Then upon returning from a wedding, he orders her to come and follow him, whereupon he sits down and starts to tell her his story. He used to drink. One time he came barreling into his driveway and didn't see his little son there playing on the tricycle. You are led to believe that he ran over his son and killed him. The man is now crying at what a horrible person he was then. So then he tells you that the kid got out of the way in time, but his wife was angry at him and left him. She is expected to sit and quietly listen when he wants to express his emotions, but whenever she has said anything that she felt, he has shouted angrily at her, telling her how inadequate and wrong she is about everything. She does in fact sit and quietly listen to him when he's talking. I wouldn't have suffered this asshole for a moment.<br/><br/>She next goes to Bali. This Bali guru had told her that she would return to Bali. Well, she has fulfilled the prediction herself by coming here. At first, he doesn't remember who she is. I thought: That will be a good lesson for her — taking his predictions and nonsense so seriously, when he doesn't even know her or anybody else from a hole in the ground. But then he remembers. She falls in love with a really nice guy, a guy who never yells at her, never belittles her, only expresses his love for her. He has prepared a nice time for her. She starts irrationally yelling at him and acting completely crazy for no reason at all. She says: I don't have to love you in order to (love myself?). Her statement came out of nowhere and meant absolutely nothing. And her emotion had no basis in reality. She goes back to the guru, who tells her go be with the guy, and so she does.<br/><br/>Also, in India, this one woman put on a sign saying she was not speaking for x amount of time. I find this very narcissistic. Everybody has to notice me, point to me, give regard to me, because I'm now the center of attention. You have to figure out what I'm trying to say. You have to try to communicate with me without speaking. I'm the whole center of attention. Me-me-me.<br/><br/>This movie was no doubt considered a "chick flick". This is the kind of movie that causes men to think that women are idiots. The star actress acts irrationally and has strong emotions for no reason at all, and nobody could understand this, let alone the man she is with. And women in general like this kind of movie. So no wonder men think women are idiots — and incomprehensible idiots at that. Fortunately, not all women are idiots like this protagonist, and those who aren't didn't like this movie.<br/><br/>The main character kept expecting somebody to save her. She expected God to save her: Tell me what to do and I'll do it. She expected the guru in Bali to save her. He was supposed to tell her what to do also. She went on the trip in order to cater to her own psychological craziness. It was completely self-indulgent. Toward the end, she did do a generous thing to help a poor person. But even that was contrived, just thrown in so that you couldn't say that the whole movie and everything she said and did was all about herself. But it really was. I couldn't do it. I tried but I just couldn't resist... I had to see it even though I haven't read the complete Eat Pray Love and Julia Roberts decided to take on another Oscar winning role as Liz Gilbert who's not just the author of the bestseller but also as the main character is this story of a woman who must travel all around the world, to the farthest corners of the globe through Italy, India and Indonesia to only find herself along the way... A long way to just find yourself if you ask me but that's what this story tells us: that we're only really looking for God in all the wrong places instead of looking within oneself as many wise people who done and continue doing up till this day. It is however losing yourself into the unknown, out of the "comfort" zone that we can really find the strength and the courage to carry on with our everyday burdens, our daily miseries and stress that we must always carry on our shoulders where other people in other world work enough to get by and "enjoy" life. Like in Italy, Liz's first stop after suffering a very nasty divorce where no one is to blame and another failed relationship in which Liz was to blame for not giving herself time to grief and find herself. Anyways, in Italy people have a motto that goes something like "Dolce Fa Niente" which roughly translates into"The Art of Doing Nothing". Liz, and most Americans, go through life working and working and stressing until we get a tap in our shoulders and go on vacation and we give ourselves permission to have fun when it should be the other way around, we should live day by day asking ourselves when will it be time for us to relax during our workweek, take a time off from our routine and just give it our best to just "do nothing" and treat ourselves to some gelato in the afternoon, just take a walk in the middle of a busy work day and just stop to watch what's around you. Liz starts losing herself in this culture of camaraderie and meets wonderful people along her journey in Rome and Naples and finds herself at home, away from home. She takes pleasure into eating a wonderful dish of pasta, or spaghetti, or wonderful Italian dishes unafraid of whether she's putting in all in her love handles, she doesn't care and she even comes up with a great motto: if you love to eat and you're putting on some weight... buy a bigger pair of jeans. You just can't live life worrying about how much you eat, feeling guilty for enjoying yourself and treating yourself to something so pleasant as food. This first half of the movie is my favorite since it's almost like a religious ritual, having all that food and sharing it with your dear friends, all the food and the wine that your heart desires to eat is not a bad thing when done in moderation and besides when you look as good as Julia gaining 10 pounds is not so bad, right?<br/><br/>READ FULL REVIEW IN MY BLOG Unfortunately the main problem with this film is that it completely changed the book. This book is not a fiction, it is an account of a woman's true story. Firstly, it doesn't show Julia (Liz)'s marriage breakup as causing her the trauma that she felt in the book. She and her husband had had fights about having a baby, and other issues, where she felt controlled. Also she was supporting him, and he wanted her to go on supporting him, so she felt trapped. She sat in the bathroom night after night in floods of tears, as she was so distressed about being in a marriage where she had no choice, but the breakup in the film shows none of her anxiety and sadness, just jumping to the scene where she prays. In the book she supported her husband, and he wanted her to have a baby, which would have made it difficult for her to keep her career, and when they divorced he got everything, but the film shows her as being selfish.<br/><br/>In Elizabeth Gilbert's book, she meets Filipe at his home as the host, serving food to people. This was changed completely in the film, where her way of meeting Filipe was him hitting her while she was riding her bike. Her meeting with Filipe would have made a lovely scene if it was shown exactly as in the book. The real Filipe did not offer to be her tour guide. He was a businessman, and that was hardly mentioned in the film. In the book he talked about his gems, and this should have been in the film to show that he was a self-sufficient man, not someone she would have to support. The scene where she has an argument on the beach with Filipe was made up, it wasn't in the book. She loved Filipe because he didn't try to control her and she knew that she would have freedom to be herself, but this scene in the film shows him trying to control her, which is exactly the sort of man she didn't want. <br/><br/>The best part of the film was in India, where it did capture the intention of the book, and Richard from Texas was a good character, and the little Indian girl was perfect. There were also lovely views of Rome, and the area around Ubud in Bali. I couldn't understand why the film changed so much about Filipe. What she loved about him was that she could still be herself, without being controlled, but the film changes the whole relationship, making him a controlling man - the sort she had wanted to get away from. I heave to agree with all the rest of the reviews, each one said something that I wanted to say, but I did not wanted to sound sour with my friends I agree on those beautiful lips that something wrong was going on, I positive felt that she was a very spoiled not girl a full grown up woman, I agree about India something where missed there something very important, the chemistry nule between Bardem and Roberts, the only kiss it was sad, and did not seem at all like she found love; and yes all those friends they are great and they are all very patient, And of course Franco!! is dreamy when he appear with that song in the bar. The only Yes!!!<br/><br/>P.S.The music was very well picked. "Eat Pray Love" is a botch. There are some very pretty images on screen of beautiful people lounging and engaging in shallow, narcissistic, pseudo-spiritual preening and posing, some nice, crunchy, flowing, draping, tie-dyed, robes and scarves, and some heaping plates of pasta gorged down by people with perfect teeth. It's like looking at a spiritually pretentious, multi-culti American Express commercial for two and a half hours. The travelogue scenes are undermined, though, by inappropriate camera work. Directory Ryan Murphy uses a shaky, hand-held camera, spinning scenes, and extreme close-ups. His cinema-verite style is very out of place with this material.<br/><br/>Other than Richard Jenkins' performance, "Eat Pray Love" has not one second of integrity. It wants to be about the nature of love, the mystery of life, and the search for the transcendent. The main stars and Ryan Murphy, the writer–director, show no evidence of any depth or insight on any of these questions. I pity the fool who takes this film on as a spiritual guide or love guru.<br/><br/>I'm not sure if viewers were supposed to have as much contempt for the characters as I ended up having. Was I supposed to regard Elizabeth (Julia Roberts) as a passive, parasitic, narcissist, coward, and tramp who slept with anyone who was almost as good looking as she? She's coupled with three men in the movie, and flirts seriously with two more, and they are all pretty enough for a travel layout in Vanity Fair. None has any discernible personality. The only reason Elizabeth has for hooking up with these guys is that he and she are the two best looking characters on screen at any given moment.<br/><br/>Even though Elizabeth embarks on a life-changing world tour, and does one charitable deed, she comes across as passive. Others in the film have lives; Elizabeth stands on the sideline, watching. She lives through others. This is especially evident when her Indian friend, Tulsi, is forced into an arranged marriage at age 17.<br/><br/>I've met Hindu women in their forties and fifties who could still cry real tears over that moment when they came home and found the red sari and were forced to start producing children for a strange man they didn't know and didn't much like. This film treats forced, child marriage as just another chance for stunning wardrobe changes and shots suitable for a National Geographic spread.<br/><br/>The multi-culti "It's a Small World" approach is morally grotesque, especially in a film that wants to be about searching for the big truths. In terms of the structure of the film itself, showing Julia Roberts, no doubt the tallest person there, hanging out at an Indian wedding just makes the character into a dilettante, someone the viewer finds hard to like.<br/><br/>In addition to being shallow, the script is at times incoherent. I had no idea what was going on in the first twenty minutes of the film. I didn't know – and I still don't – what Elizabeth does for a living, how she lost all her money, as the film tells us she does, or how she got the money back. She appears to give all her money to her layabout (but pretty) husband; why? Couldn't she get a better divorce lawyer? Then she's off to Italy to eat pasta and tease a sexually frustrated language tutor and annoy traditional Italian matrons who don't understand her lifestyle choice; where'd this woman who just lost everything get the cash to do that? Viola Davis is compelling, but I have no idea who her character was or what she was doing in the film, except as a racial token, which is sad. I kept thinking how much better of a film this would have been had someone with Davis' depth been a main character.<br/><br/>James Franco pops up as one of Elizabeth's lovers, but his entire, tedious and uninteresting segment could have been deleted, and nothing would have been lost.<br/><br/>Elizabeth has a Balinese guru named Ketut. No idea whether we are supposed to take Ketut seriously or not. He is a fortune teller who repeats the same tired spiel to each new client: "You are a world traveler." Mind, he's reading the palms of world travelers. He smiles without letup, which gets creepy.<br/><br/>Had I not seen this film, I never would have known how bad an actor Javier Bardem can be when he has contempt for his project. As one of Elizabeth's boytoys, Bardem gives one of the single worst screen performances I've ever seen. He slums through the film with a phony, creepy smile on his face, the kind of smile that hides something. I was hoping that he might be a slasher; now that would have perked the film up.<br/><br/>There are a couple of utterly phony scenes, one with an Aussie lad we could never believe is Bardem's son, one where Bardem invites Roberts to an island getaway, that are overcooked to scorching point – you can practically smell the phony emoting – and that cheapen the film beyond redemption. What was going on with the director? Did he not see what Bardem was doing? <br/><br/>Richard Jenkins, as a soul-wrecked Texan seeking enlightenment, or at least the ability to sleep at night, is the one integral, worthy feature of the film. His character is real, and believable, so well-written I have to guess someone other than the main writer created him, and perfectly well acted.<br/><br/>See a really brilliant film about a beautiful woman on an international quest for spiritual transcendence: "The Nun's Story," starring Audrey Hepburn and Peter Finch. Like anyone who has the slightest interest in seeing this 2010 film, I was seduced by the Travel Channel images in the trailer and the sight of a radiant Julia Roberts in her first full-fledged star vehicle since 2003's "Mona Lisa Smile". She appears in almost every frame of this 133-minute emotional travelogue, and the introspective story based on Elizabeth Gilbert's 2006 memoir needs someone of Roberts' star wattage to give it a recognizable pulse. The challenge faced by director/writer Ryan Murphy ("Glee") and his co-screenwriter, former actress Jennifer Salt, is how to make something dramatic out of what is essentially an inward quest toward self-fulfillment without turning the whole venture into a mire of clichés that passes for dramatic structure. They don't actually succeed, but somehow Roberts' goodwill and infectious manner, missing for most of the decade, overcomes much of this obstacle in her sympathetic portrayal of Gilbert.<br/><br/>After a brief preface in Bali where Gilbert interviews a prophetic medicine man who forecasts her love life, the plot begins in earnest with Gilbert's emotional meltdown back in New York six months later. Liz (as the character is called in the movie) divorces her flaky husband Stephen who has upended their marriage with plans to go back to school. She rebounds in a passionate affair with David, a younger actor, but recognizes how she again submerges her own identity in the relationship. In order to halt this recurring pattern and find enlightenment toward her true self, Liz decides to take a trip around the world with three destinations in mind - Italy where she eats, India where she prays, and Bali where she falls in love. Her first stop is Rome, where a young Italian tutor teaches her the art of doing nothing. With the help of her new Swedish best friend, this means accepting the ten extra pounds on her frame due to a steady diet of pasta and pizza. Liz then moves on to an Indian ashram where she receives essential spiritual guidance from a tough-talking Texan named Richard.<br/><br/>She finally comes back to Bali to reunite with the medicine man and then accidentally meets Felipe, a recently divorced Brazilian who may or may not turn out to be her soul mate. Because Murphy and Salt appear intent on remaining faithful to the book, they attempt to cover too much for a feature-length film. Secondary characters become trivialized, and situations become rushed and pat. Take, for example, Liz's relationship with a healer named Wayan in Bali. So moved is Liz by Wayan's plight, she emails all her previous travel acquaintances to send money in order to buy Wayan and her young daughter a house. Yet, we get very little sense of any meaningful friendship between the characters. That's because the movie fails to capture the deep emptiness of Liz's soul that would drive her to make this life-altering journey. This is what the author did better in the source book, i.e., show the underbelly of Liz's despair though insightful comments and some pithy prose. As the movie stands, it's left to Roberts to flesh out the character's emotions without sounding like a whining, privileged woman of means. It's no small feat.<br/><br/>When not providing the sometimes smug narration, Roberts is luminous but not the film's only standout. Even though his character has to provide the hoariest bromides, Richard Jenkins ("The Visitor") manages to bring fiery heart and gravitas to the Texan who forces Liz to take a hard look at herself. As Felipe, Javier Bardem ("Vicky Christina Barcelona") has to play the feminist ideal of the modern man and consequently comes across almost too evolved to be honestly compelling. Less impactful turns are provided by Billy Crudup as Stephen (though his scene at Liz's divorce lawyer's office provides a much-needed edge to the story), James Franco rather morose as David, and Viola Davis ("Doubt") as wisecracking best friend and editor Delia (similar to the role she played in "Nights in Rodanthe"). Robert Richardson provides the rich cinematography that captures the ripeness of each exotic location down to the luscious pastas dishes in Rome. In fact, aficionados of both the Food Network and the Travel Channel will likely rejoice at the visual pleasures in this film. The rest of us will have to make do with Julia in her prime. I saw this film by accident and it really had the potential to be a great story. <br/><br/>Anyone who thinks this is a fine piece of cinema is deluding themselves (or may need to change their medication). 50% of this film should have been cut. Wasted, insipid, vapid, throw-away lines fill much of the dialogue, detracting from a potentially interesting story.<br/><br/>The lead character is selfish and delusional, made worse by the decision to continually cut back to a shot of Julia smiling, or Julia crying, or Julia after she's been crying. This gratuitous use of Julia Roberts was obviously a requirement of the studio execs as there is no way a director would employ such a method of their own choosing. Although there is a 'director's cut' available, it is still about 49 minutes too long, but does explain some of the more unbelievable aspects to the story. I understand there could have been an amazing irony with Julia Robert's beauty contrasting with the ugliness of her character, but this story is now simply a victim of Hollywood's typically 'committee' based production process, leaving the viewer with a muddled, frustrating mess of a film that should never had been released in its current guise. Hollywood have killed this story.<br/><br/>Javier Bardem was exceptional amongst a sea of Hollywood induced mediocrity, but you cannot blame the actors, or the director, or the crew for the disappointment of this film, it is clearly a product of ignorant studio executives who are looking to maximize their investment and have no interest in the art of cinema. Yes, making movies is a business, and films need to be profitable, but there is no reason to unnecessarily and inappropriately overuse Julia Roberts' smile, just because you have paid for it.<br/><br/>A couple of hours trimming out the cringeworthy moments in iMovie, or an excessive dose of anti-depressants, could easily turn this into an enjoyable film. But as it stands this is definitely one to miss. Completely awful. There are actually some kernels of wisdom spread throughout this film but they absolutely drown in a sea of tedium. The subsidiary characters are extremely shallow and you care for and empathize with none of them. I actually thought this film would never end. The "eat" part of the journey flounders and the "pray" aspect is shallow and uninteresting. By the time "love" hits the screen I literally wanted to run for the exit. At one point early on Julia Roberts' character wondered what one word describes her. The series of words that sprang to my mind where "selfish," "pathetic," "delusional" but I finally settled for two words..."clinically insane." It's fitting because that's exactly what anyone would have to be if they enjoyed any part of this relationship breaking mess of a movie. Many of the Reviews here are written by men who can't stand the fact that a female lead character actually chose to seek her own life desires rather than conform to what her upbringing had taught her to want. They are exactly what this movie is talking about.<br/><br/>The role is perfectly cast with Julia Roberts... a woman who's only desire in life was to get married to a handsome Rich man and have kids, but when she has her marriage she's in agony. This is not what she REALLY wanted. So she decides to go after what she wants rather than what people have told her to want. On her journey she meets many women who attack her the same way for not having a husband and catering to him. In one scene an Italian matriarch attacks her and she is told "If she were a man you wouldn't be attacking her this way." To which the Matriarch replies "But she's not a man. She's a woman." And that right there sums up the message of the movie. How hard it can be for women to find what they want out of life when all their lives they are TOLD what they SHOULD want and not allowed to seek their own desires.<br/><br/>The problem however is that this character is also supposedly a successful writer. Now- I never bought her as an introvert writer and I think this mostly has to do with the script which was better than most Hollywood scripts, but left much to be desired when it glossed over many things. Also the character comes from NYC.. which is a place that most women feel free to compete with the big boys. Now I know that place doesn't mean a woman isn't pressured into becoming a housewife. Being Latina growing up in NYC I myself was denied college by my parents because they felt my goal in life was to serve a husband, so I had to pay my way through school while they paid for and supported my little brother.. So yes, I know it's possible to live in NYC and still have to deal with 17th century bias, but the script didn't do much to explain how it is that this white woman living in NYC got to be in this position. Sure she passingly says that she never had a chance to really find what SHE wanted, but more background into that would've made it easier to relate to the character. Another flaw is that you never feel like you're IN the movie. You often feel more just like an observer. I still would recommend this movie, but just know that it could've been better. The title of this review pretty much says it all. I have never read the book but I fed into the hype and was excited to see this film. Thank God I went on a Monday and only paid half price admission. My sister nearly fell asleep in the theater.<br/><br/>I could spend an afternoon writing what is wrong with this film- there is so many things. I will say it was beautifully shot. Julia Roberts (one of my favorite actresses) did a great job at trying to carry the movie but even she could only do so much. The story was painfully boring with no clear direction. I tried very hard to like it but there was nothing to grasp on to- a few funny moments but no entertainment or important life lessons to be learned.<br/><br/>The biggest problem I had with the film is the main character- I had no interest in a woman who gave up on her marriage and wanted to have flings with cheesy actors and random men all while trying to "find herself". The entire movie made little sense. It was bad all across the board- so much so that it gives me a headache to try and put into words.<br/><br/>I will say thank you to whomever chose Neil Young's "Harvest Moon" as part of this movie. For that I am grateful- it was by far the highlight of the movie for me. It might be better the second time around with a few glasses of red wine and a pizza but I'll spare myself the torture. This movie was very well made, with some incredible cinematography. With three obvious very exotic and colorful locations, the camera emphasized wide lens shots of the setting, as this truly is the supporting character (and at some times, the star).<br/><br/>Julia of course rose to the occasion to be a confused wife a la Betty Freidan's Feminine Mystique. She embodied the author, Elizabeth Gilbert, rather beautifully and effortless. At times, she did not look her usual glamorous self, and was transformed into a desperate woman toying between delightful food and late nights. The final few scenes she actually looked homely and soft, a rare vulnerability for the mega-watt smile.<br/><br/>The men were the least satisfying of all. If you have two gorgeous stars (James Franco and Javier Bardem) and neither of them are portrayed to their fullest potential, then something is clearly wrong. The shadows and liquor bloating both men left something to be desired. As one of the last dying attempts to encourage the resurgence of a "chick flick," they definitely should have made sure the eye candy was well lit and made up.<br/><br/>Regardless, if you read the book then you will earnestly enjoy this movie. The cinematography and backdrops are enough a reason to swallow the $12 and see in the theater. Grab some girlfriends and tissues, make sure to have a potty break beforehand as the movie is over 2 hours long. Above all else, enjoy. I think it is great that people have the resources to getting to self awareness. True happiness as the movie clearly points out is "from within". For me anywhere is everywhere and I for one do not need to go to the ends of the earth to find my "bliss".<br/><br/>I do travel, but to experience, love, and immerse myself in another's culture that I can't experience at home.<br/><br/>But this book and now movie was researched during better times. There is no relevance to today's world in having this globe tripping experience except for the well to do. So this Grumpy Grumperson says let's fix our problems at home before we start to engage in Maslow's final head trip.<br/><br/>It was sad to see the self absorbed nature this movie took. There is not an ounce of nurture here, and within being a human, nurturing is mandatory. This movie comes off as an ego emblazoned person who sought out answers and picked and chose what she wanted and on and on and on.<br/><br/>See it for what it is and nothing else and for me my true happiness is found right at home meaning I would wait for the DVD. In "Eat Pray Love", Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts) divorces her loving husband without even discussing her problems, throws away her equally caring new boyfriend after a brief affair and embarks on a journey to Italy, India and Bali in her quest for self-discovery. She discovers the pleasures of guilt-free gluttony and the benefits of meditation. She makes new friends and helps out a person in need. She seems to believe that she has found "balance" in her life and wonders whether falling in love would destroy that balance.<br/><br/>What remains unclear though, is what had upset the balance in the first place. Not one person in her life is shown to mistreat her or not be supportive of her or be intolerant of her capricious nature. Equally baffling is how her rather mundane experiences in India and Bali could have brought about her spiritual awakening, if there was any. The toothless fortune-teller that she so admires, in particular, doesn't tell her anything that a wise neighbor couldn't have told her. In my view, the most enlightening episode of her entire trip was the one that taught her the role of hand gestures in Italian communication.<br/><br/>In a different movie (Into The Wild), an idealistic college graduate named Christopher McCandless had abandoned his worldly possessions and embarked on a similar journey. Except that his problems were real, his world-view profound, his journey breath-taking and the experience of seeing the movie exhilarating. "Eat Pray Love", on the other hand, is a waste of acting talent. First of all, i have to tell some people who wrote "reviews" about this beautiful movie that: You people! go learn THE MEANING OF REVIEW! and then understand it! You wrote personal feelings instead of Review! Its not a right way to treat a movie, even a bad one, you must know that a review is so effecting and when a person who doesn't know anything about the movie is reading it is definitely gonna miss the movie and... maybe maybe maybe, that BAD movie could change the life of that person, i say this because it happened to me, really, "cause... movies not just about the story, is about everything in it, acting, directing, music, picture, seeing the world, the people, the foods!, everything. And always remember this is a movie, not a Documentary, and you don't have to focus on reality of the film. so, when you write a review, do it like a real critic! (no efns!) and... you know, btw, i'm absolutely not an idiot who doesn't watched more than 12 or 13 movies in his life! i'm not saying that i'm Roger Ebert but, i know i'm close to him! just another 5000 more movies to watch and i'm there! and of course i'm 30,40 years younger than him!<br/><br/>THE REAL "BTW" : forgive me for saying these, i didn't mean it like like like this but, i hope you get what i'm trying to tell you'em!<br/><br/>So, The Movie! Eat, Pray, Love. I must say this movie is really beautiful, although i believe there is some weakness in it but its still beautiful and inspiring. the music is great, and julia roberts is lovable! Its an adventure movie about a women who lost herself in life, She represent the Depression of Modern Life, Being lost and confused, looking for meaning of life, looking for god, These are the problems of big modern society of these days, I think julia roberts was played perfectly and her behavior in the movie (like dumping her husband!) is just real and believable. I think you should see this movie, these words is nothing! you can think for yourself, go see this movie and try to enjoy it, if you didn't like it or didn't enjoy it then... something wrong with you! not the movie!<br/><br/>And the last thing... (for those people who write anything but reviews!): When you watch a movie, you remember this: THIS IS A MOVIE! (you know what i mean? ;)) Don't kill yourself for details like "there was no tomato in the food!" i think i said this before but anyways, Technically, This movie is worth more than 5 out of 10! Yesterday i watched this movie with high expectations. But what a disappointment it was. Sorry, Oprah this movie is not that good. I'ts partly one big ego trip from Julia Roberts (me me me look at me) and for the rest a series of clichés seen from the perspective of a bored, blasé American woman. (does Julia plays herself??) After a while you get really annoyed by all the little clichés, for instance her Italian teacher drives an old Deux Cheveaux, a french car and nobody in Italy drives that car. There is also now way that you can bond with the role that Julia Roberts plays she is just not believable. 2 stars for filming good Italian food, the rest of the movie you can skip... Watched this movie in a flight ...after 5 minutes I tuned out. simply not interesting. its not even art ...there is no intrigue..<br/><br/>While in flight, I took it upon me to become a member of IMDb and wanted leave this comment to ensure that no body watches this even by mistake ...<br/><br/>God - Julia looks awful ...<br/><br/>Are the guys in the movie are blind?<br/><br/>Anyway, thank god many share my opinion ...<br/><br/>The good points are ...there is nothing much<br/><br/>Don't waste your time ... Oh my God. At first I saw the bad reviews here and thought: "Well of course, it's a movie for women, so it's quite clear why _you_ don't like it" - and then I watched it. That is to say, I tried. I usually watch every movie to the end, but this one I seriously had to quit after 20 minutes because I couldn't stand it. What a bad story! Badly told! And what on earth happened to Julia Roberts? Do white women really have to take out their first-world-problems on the third world like this? My 20-minute-attempt left me with great shame and a lot of questions. I came onto this site to read the reviews as I found this movie wonderful, and to my surprise I seen more negative's than positive's. There were so many people who said Liz was "Selfish". I disagree. <br/><br/>I am not her age, I am 28 but I find myself in the same spot as her and maybe I can help some people see what I seen in this movie. I noticed off the bat, it seemed Liz was not happy in her marriage, I got this from him not wanting to take part in things in her life and she wasn't really interested in his. Seems they were on different paths and its hard to be in a marriage when your mentally on opposite ends of the world. Yeah she broke his heart, but her heart was broken too. She wished they had more of a connection but unfortunately they didn't. <br/><br/>She then finds comfort in a younger male (franco) more of a rebound relationship where they as well are not on the same page. Fighting all the time, not being intimate, totally on different paths as well in life.. wow sounds like my miserable relationship I am in now. She decides to take time for herself to get to know herself and what she needs in life, how this is selfish to others is beyond me?? <br/><br/>I cried the whole way through this movie, why? because I saw me and I saw my relationship, and it hurts and no one knows how it feels unless your in it. Sometimes no matter how hard you try in a relationship its never going to work and your never going make your partner be the way you want them to be and its best to move on and that's what Liz was trying to say and do. <br/><br/>In the end I believe she just had to meet the right person and she did. Not some man who wanted different things than her (her husband) and not some younger male who hasn't grown up yet (franco). She met someone who is perfect for her. No one will be able to truly relate to this movie unless you have been in her shoes and I have. This is well-written and while the character of Liz seems selfish, as a woman I can relate. Yes, she leaves her husband (billy Crudup) because she no longer wants to live vicariously through him and a sham marriage. The American dream, she reflects, something is not working. There is female bonding and real discussion here, I sense Ms. Roberts has a very good idea of her demographic here, women in their 30's and 40's disenchanted with American marriage. She also looks amazing and natural in most scenes.<br/><br/>That said, give the film a chance, we see amazing shots of Naples and Venice, Liz allows herself to enjoy Italy and actually eat real food. Then she goes to India and Bali.The India meditation sequence is a bit involved, but interesting. She meets a young girl who is supposed to marry through an "arranged marriage" and helps her deal with emotions. She also attends a wedding in India and the visuals are beautiful.<br/><br/>In Bali she meet Javier Bardem, a man with passion for life who has been through his own pain and hurt. Liz finally learns to let go, gently, of the ex she still loved, of her younger man affair (James Franco, lovely to look at).<br/><br/>The truth is this film taps into many women in 30's and 40's in US and so it may not be a film for guys; Just being honest here. It is NOT a cheesy "chick-flick" and has a soul to it (unlike ludicrous romantic comedies which I no longer can tolerate, and they usually star Jennifer Aniston).<br/><br/>Give it a chance and you may find yourself enjoying it. Older men may enjoy this as well, as it gives a glimpse into a woman's true psyche, needs and desires. 9/10. I am a yoga instructor and the reason I rented this movie was because one of my yoga students came to me gushing about how this movie was so good and related to a woman's journey of transformation partially involving yoga. Hmmmmmm......not so much...on any count. Not good, no transformation, no yoga (except one scene where Julia's character rolls out a yoga mat, but doesn't actually use it).<br/><br/>I agree with so many of the IMDb reviewers. "Sit, Stare, Yawn" one of them claimed. Yes, it is a very long and uneventful movie. "Vapid" another one called it. Yes, the main character, Liz, is unhappy and complains a lot, but we're never really shown why. She divorces her husband because ?? She yells at him because he keeps changing careers, but its never explained how that negatively affected her. Then she starts a relationship with a younger man and another character tells her, "Honey, you're in so much trouble." Again, its never explained what the trouble is. Lots of info left out about this character - it goes into no depth about her at all. She apparently is living a dream life, but is inexplicably miserable, complains a lot, and runs across the globe hurting men who are decent, kind, and treat her well. She has an uneventful trip, doesn't seem to learn much, or transform, or even find happiness. Is it meant to be a commentary of the creeping malcontent in North American society? Or is that just an unintentional side-effect?<br/><br/>Lots of inexplicable camera moments....Liz goes to Italy and the camera focuses on her plate of whoa, don't be shocked here, SPAGHETTI. Then we see Liz staring at the plate of spaghetti. Then we see the plate. Then a looonnnngggg time is spent on Liz eating spaghetti. One of the IMDb reviewers described this movie as boring as watching someone's home slideshow of their European vacation. I actually find this more tedious - what traveller would bother going to Italy and take multiple photos of a plate of SPAGHETTI? There are also ridiculous gaps in the plot (some already mentioned by other reviewers) like Julia goes to a party at a bar in Bali. Javier Bardem's character tells her that the music they are playing is from a mixed tape he made for them. Then while that music is playing a female character points to a man at the other end of the bar playing the bongos with a live band (!) <br/><br/>As a female who lives an independent life of my own, I found the references to the limits placed on womens' lives insultingly stupid and dated. This is not 1952! As she trots the globe and goes anywhere she wants and does anything she pleases without any interference, conflict, or hassles, Liz complains how women are expected to want to be married and have kids, as if those are our only options these days.<br/><br/>I gave the movie two stars for Javier Bardem - who I've never seen before and now want to see more of. Otherwise, its just another big waste of Hollywood talent and money. No seriously. I liked this movie. My girl made me watch it with her on theaters and the experience was pretty good. <br/><br/>Sure, the situations may appeal to specific women but let's admit that it's unlikely to happen. It takes many years to earn that kind of money and travel like that! <br/><br/>Hey, I know it's a movie. I know. <br/><br/>The acting is great. Julia Roberts plays herself and that's always something good. The message that she delivers is very positive and works perfectly.<br/><br/>The atmosphere is also very good. The Director knew his job. The exteriors were amazing. Plus the atmosphere worked perfectly for the love story. <br/><br/>Loved the moment where Julia's first husband shows her that he learned how to dance. Moving scene taking in consideration that she dumps him after.<br/><br/>This is not a 100% chick flick. It could also be considered as motivational. Somerset Maugham would have loved this picture. Remember his novel "The Razor's Edge," where people look for self-introspection. This is exactly what this movie is all about.<br/><br/>In the film, Julia Roberts discovers that her life is unfulfilled. She obtains a quick divorce and then goes on a journey of one year to Italy, India and finally Bali in order to find herself. One always has to be careful in these pictures dealing with self-introspection. Billy Crudup and James Franco as the men in her life offer very little in the film. Richard Jenkins is effective in the India segment as he tells Roberts about his unfulfiled life, but the last 30-40 minutes of the film belong to Javier Bardem, in Bali. Truly a Bali-Hai.<br/><br/>Remember the old radio show, Helen Trent. Can a woman of 35 find happiness? That was the theme of the program Again, another similarity to this 2010 film. Nonetheless, at the film's end, you're still left wondering if that's possible, despite what's occurring in the film. Eat, Pray , Love (2010) Genre: Drama, Romance Director: Ryan Murphy Writers: Ryan Murphy (screenplay), Jennifer Salt (screenplay) Stars:Julia Roberts, Javier Bardem and Richard Jenkins My score 3.5/5<br/><br/>'Eat, Pray, Love' totally stand for its name. There are no gimmicks or hidden meanings to it. And most probably the longest romantic movie I have seeing in recent times that made me feel lot of things. Lots of things about life, living, falling in love and then relaxation, inner peace and food as well. <br/><br/>Liz Gilbert (Played by awesome Julia Roberts- Erin Brockovich, Notting Hill) is a married woman with complications. She finds that her life is not where exactly she wanted it to be and what's happening around is not getting her anywhere. She decides to go on a journey of self-exploration leaving everything behind. She gets a painful divorce and sets off on a one year journey. For months she lives in Italy getting to know the people and loving the food culture. Then she visits India and learns how to pray and meditate forgiving herself and others while residing in an Ashram. In the last few months she goes to Bali and study local medicine, culture and adds more inner peace to herself. In the meantime help the needy while peacefully finding her balance. This is where she truly finds the meaning of life and what it is to love someone without boundaries. <br/><br/>Simply put the story is long and feels like when it ends you have watched 3 movies all in one. It's like the Julia Robert version of Lord Of the Rings where you meet many kinds of people, eat many kinds of food and then experience many kind of cultures. And she has her own kind of battles. <br/><br/>The character development is truly good. Liz is confused and has no clear direction of life, where she wants to be or for whom she wants to live for. She often wonder how it is to be alone and looks at a relationship in a negative way with past experiences. And her self-exploration journey seems to be the one thing she lacked in her life to set everything straight. And the wonderful people she meets in the run gives her courage, happiness and most importantly true human companionship which she lacked back at home. <br/><br/>Maybe the best thing I like about 'Eat, Pray, Love' is that it takes you to places. It takes you to scenic places with diverse cultures. Introduce you to different people with strange accents but still humans who have the same feelings. Puts you in different architectures and climates but reminds you that a place is not just beautiful because of the way it's built but because of the people who live there. And then there are cultures, foods, sights and rituals which binds everything together. In these lines the cinematography and the set development is breath taking. And the extraordinary length of the movies feels like a bliss and at some point you start to miss those places and people when you move on. <br/><br/>Julia does a wonderful job portraying this heavy hearted confused human being. There are several supporting rolls which is fun to watch and adds more value to Julia's roll and the total plot. <br/><br/>'Eat, Pray, Love' is a good movie which does not come along every year. yes its long and different and maybe too slow at some points with long dialogues and paused moments. But it's about life and living. If we can we all will get away like her. Life is too boring to be stuck at one place doing the same thing. <br/><br/>More of my reviews at flickshout.blogspot.com This romantic movie is based on the book Eat, Pray, Love by Elizabeth (Liz) Gilbert which is about Liz's journey through the world in search of spiritual enlightenment after a series of personal break-downs and a bad marriage. One of the beautiful places she visits is Bali, Italy and India, places where she has the most important experiences. She learns from each culture different things, and tries to understand through her experiences who she really is. Now I didn't read the book so I don't know how much from the book is told in the movie but I find this movie to be relaxing but also a long journey which really doesn't teach me almost anything except for the fact that I wish I could do some of those things to "learn" what Gilbert learned. Besides that this movie is too emotional and at times I was saying to myself "Jesus Liz, just get over it... stop trying to find perfection because 98% of the world don't have the chance to do 20% of things you did". In my opinion Liz is a wonderful person but too selfish and sentimental greedy. She wants to find perfection and that's what was wrong with her. Her personal frustrations were annoying to me since she was so blind of what she really had. Many people find that inner happiness without traveling around the globe and get advices from tens of people who told her almost the same thing each time. To me she's the perfect example of a person's failure in understanding itself and more than that it's the perfect example of a selfish sentimental person.<br/><br/>Other than that, the story is developed pretty good... the characters are likable and interesting but everything seemed to be repeating itself from time to time. Julia Roberts (Liz) gave another stellar performance and I bet she'll get an Academy nomination at least she deserves one. All the supporting cast was fantastic, you have James Franco, Richard Jenkins which is good in anything he does and the most impressive was Javier Bardem who was both natural and hilarious. Eat, Pray, Love is a good movie for someone who did not read the book like myself so I judge this movie from a non-reader point of view. The problem is with the storyline because it doesn't deliver what I expected to. It's just a mash-up of feelings and quests which all end up not inspiring you to do anything but... travel. Why travel? Because the cinematography used in this movie was solid. Almost each landscape shot was beautifully taken. I also enjoyed the music and I found it very relaxing and comfortable.<br/><br/>I don't consider this to be a bad movie but I do acknowledge that it doesn't deliver what was supposed to... having read the book almost a couple of years ago, i was looking forward to the big screen interpretation of the book that changed my life. a simple yet powerful story about a woman who loses herself after a crippling divorce and a bad relationship (among other things). she travels to italy, India and indonesia and along the way recovers makes some powerful realisations about herself and grows from the whole experience.<br/><br/>the movie was rather good. it condenses a whirlwind year into a single movie, full of but not overrun with explanatory flashbacks to present a decently told story of liz gilbert and the events surrounding the book.<br/><br/>the comedic elements of the book translated decently into the movie, providing a relieving lightness to the heaviness the content sometimes took, (i won't soon forget the hand gesture translations in italy.) the acting was great, every performance captured its setting (a big thing in this movie considering it's locations), the cinematography was beautiful, hte locations, exquisite, and the movie as a whole, worked. so it might come across as a surprise when i say i was left disappointed.<br/><br/>the script and the directing pared the story down to a woman who is broken, recovers and finds love. to anyone who read the book, it really come across as EAT, (pray), LOVE.<br/><br/>the element that made the movie work was how candid liz was in describing her emotions, faults and A-HA moments as they came along. in some way or another you couldn't help but grow as you read parts like her diary scribbles and recollections of elevator mirrors. it was that journey to commune with the (excuse the phrase if it offends) God within her that made the book a best seller.<br/><br/>it was also because you got to see the frailty in liz. when she was crying on the bathroom floor (double pumping it) you understood why. in the movie, i'm still not quite sure why it happened. her pain wasn't fully explained, her recovery muted and therefore her journey, not as fulfilling... The movie was like....EATING the most tasty food in the world!!PRAYING to find a meaning in your soul!!!LOVING life right from the start!!! Great locations and pictures that were capable enough to travel your mind..actually taste the food...love the man..walk the street! <br/><br/>Julia Roberts once again proved to be a true miracle of our century...a woman so sweet and talented that you simply cannot resist her charmness!!She overtakes you with her acting as well charming skills!!!In her eyes you can see heroine's agony to find what she is missing and the true happiness when she founds it!<br/><br/>Javier Bardem and Julia Roberts have a great chemistry!Bardem plays one of the most attractive roles in his career!!! <br/><br/>This movie definitely deserves to be watched..i hope you'll find a bit of yourself in it! Just relax..and enjoy it!!! I think the word "selfish" was thrown around at times. This character has a wonderful capacity for making friends. She is also a very 21st century woman, in that she can move on with minimal pain. I support leaving a relationship that is abusive. I support leaving,an unrewarding relationship, when there has never been a reward, where your partner has no interest in or capacity to repair the relationship, but this woman's relationship wasn't like that. The man didn't work. An ultimatum might have helped.<br/><br/>While I get the need for self knowledge, self-forgiveness, the value of meditation, and the importance of meaningful relationships, I don't see any basis for her decisions. One fundamental difference in belief that seems to undermine wisdom,for me, is the belief that love is something you experience rather than do. Sure, by inference, it is there where she stops in India, after Italy, but she jumps from relationship to relationship waiting for a magical moment. The Bali wise man pushes her to stick with a relationship that he knows nothing about. Again: no basis for decision.<br/><br/>She finally lands on the Brazilian, and it is entirely unclear how this relationship is more likely to survive than any of the others. The lead character is clearly awash in cash, so she can afford to leave her job and globe trot. Every person she left behind is a poor provider. She eventually settles on a successful import/export entrepreneur whose business apparently runs itself. The man she chooses to love appears to be more controlling and borderline abusive than any of the others. What I learn from this is that the women of the 50's were right: find a good provider. When I first saw this movie in my 20s I thought it was about a bold, confident woman who runs away to travel and learn about life and love. Watching it in my 30s is a completely different story. Do I agree with all the other reviewers that our leading lady is selfish for leaving her husband, being flaky and indecisive? Yes. Do I think she's wrong for being all that? No.<br/><br/>What this movie showcases is the reality of life choices, as well as the pressure and obligations of society. At the start she questions if she wants kids, if she wants to even be married. She's in her 40s and still not being true to herself. She's never had that "aha" moment where you feel you're on the right path. It's a commonality that a lot of people who don't have a strong sense of self will use a romantic partner to help feel more whole. However there does eventually come a point where you question if you really are truly being accepted by your partner or whether they love you because you made yourself out to be what they wanted. Julia Roberts in this role is very clearly that type that has been a chameleon in relationships, as is witnessed with her first marriage and subsequent partners following. Even her good friend states the obvious.<br/><br/>To me this isn't about a woman traveling the world and finding her soulmate. Cause to be honest, it's not a romance in the slightest. It's a narrative about the imperfect relationship we all have with ourselves. How we eventually learn to accept and work with ourselves, our wants and desires.<br/><br/>It's a good film if you've been dealing with identity issues. Julia Roberts isn't a hero or someone to look up to, but what is admirable is that she does actually take the chance of experiencing self discovery, as opposed to remaining unhappily settled, as many people do. People do change and generally it's important to find a relationship that allows you to grow, but if you don't even know who you are then how are you expected to find that sort of relationship?<br/><br/>What this movie is getting at is that the relationship with yourself is THE most important relationship in your life. Tl;dr Don't. Watch something else. Even test signal after regular program is more entertaining than this piece of garbage.<br/><br/>For titles like this I regret there is no 0 star rating. I regret waking up that day. I regret every step towards cinema. The time is wasted, not turning back.<br/><br/>Hopefully, there is something good out of this: blacklist of the director, scenarist and most of the actors. Julia might be watched again only if private videos leak, to leave it as an option... She supposedly leaves virtually broke to go to Italy then has enough money to rent an apartment buy cappuccinos and eat eat eat. when I really find unbelievable is this gorgeous woman seems to have so much trouble finding happiness and connections. What hogwash! The main Idea is wonderful but it misses some point to make it perfect! Or wait I'm talking from 2020 about film in 2010? not fair enough.
My first time I watched the film I was in high school 17 years old at that time I closed it after 20 minutes no I'm 23 and watching this movie is one of steps in my journey. Thank you all Although somebody could say that this movie is poor with dialogues and life wisdom, and he wouldn't be wrong, we could see it from another point of view. What I want to say is that the movie 'verbally' is pretty poor, but the 'nonverbal' content is pretty rich. It examines one existential topic and it puts out some questions that are important for many of us in some developmental phases and stages of our life. It has a lot of 'cliche' and some other minor characteristics that are not so good, but I am sure that it will find its auditorium. The film tells a part of the Liz's life (Julia Roberts). Liz has a marriage problem and ends up living a life she didn't expect.
Liz asks for a divorce just like that, giving no explanations to her husband, even before that, she had already moved to another place.
After living elsewhere, she rethinks her life and takes a trip to Italy, India and Bali.
The most interesting part in my opinion is that of Italy, where she appreciates the food and ends up "allowing herself" to gain a few pounds (the parts recorded in Italy ðŸ‡®ðŸ‡¹ are really the ones that make you very hungry), in Italy is the title part of "eat".
The "pray" part is when she is in India and I really didn't enjoy it very much, but her friendship with a man from texas was very interesting.
The "love" of the film's title refers to the last part and I didn't like this too, Liz is in Bali, there she learns the true meaning of love, family. in the part that she writes a letter to her friends it was very emotional (I cried), I thought they took part in the Brazilian actor ðŸ‡§ðŸ‡· I thought they sinned in the part of the Brazilian actor, because he was Spanish and spoke horribly in Portuguese and in English.
Basically the movie is great because Julia Roberts and the Italy food, but more because of her. The movie Eat pray and Love is a very good film in my opinion, this film talks about a woman and her difficulty in finding the meaning of her life her "inner self", and in her search for that she breaks two relationships and goes traveling . In the film she shows her passage through Italy where she shows their food culture, through India where she shows the importance of religion for them and through Bali where she finds the meaning for everything, self-love. And after she finally found self-love she gave love another chance. The only flaw is the long duration of the film is very tiring but it's worth a lot at the end. This film show us what is good on live, it is never late to restart. because we can handle even the worst moments
Elizabeth needs to recognize herself, discovers that the important thing is to love yourself and do what you want.
She went to italy and liked it a lot because she felt good but when she goes to india to find peace, she sees that it will be a difficult work
how important food is to discover our tastes and styles, and the spirituality with what we believe makes it clear, who you are The film is really very good. it's exciting and it keeps you in the story. the character Elizabeth goes through teachings that inspire us and make us reflect. after all, the movie is funny and you can watch it with the whole family, even at the age of 12. The movie it's very good!! In my opinion her situation happens with a lot of people and most of the time people can't afford and consequently get depressed or ansious. The movie can be a inspiration to a new start!!! And also represents all The feelings, it's realy touching I didn't like this movie that much because it's no the kind of movie that I usually watch, and it's kinda stopped. But the romance is actually cool. Kind of get were this movie is coming from. I know people that resonate with this kind a stuff. That life is all about the journey, to "find yourself" and learn to love yoreself. And then with the "law off attraction," the universe will give you all that you need, you just have to trust and believe. Also cleanse yourself from the bad energies you've gotten from traumas or bad expirences in your life. This people always talk about yoga, meditation, healthy diets and what new guru they found and love and listen to.<br/><br/>I myself don't really have the taste for this. I find it to cheesy most of the time. But I kind of get it also. One does what one does, to get trough this life I suppose. What ever flouts your boat. But sometimes I feel like these people prais self indulgence at the same time they talk about killing ego and that all is one. A bit hypocritical?<br/><br/>Anyway, this movie is cheesy as hell. And the main character is a master of self indulgence. The problems she's struggling with are definitely extremely privileged "problems."
And the luxurious ways she is able to use, to deal with these problems, by running away and traveling the world, in a journey of self indulgence, is very few that have the means to do. Even if they really really wanted to.<br/><br/>That said. I think the movie was pretty well acted. And had some beautiful moments actually, with nice cinematography also. And how irritating, corny and cheesy it very much might be. I still kind of get where its coming from. A extremely cheesy movie about a self indulged and very privileged person. But kind of cute in its way. Harmless movie. Might inspire someone planing their coming semester also, which is a good thing. This film does not reflect at all the greatness of the book. It's the worst film adaptation to a really amazing book. But Idk, there's something missing, I feel it'd be better in another way or with different events..
There's something weak in the story, where a woman looks in her 30s says she was young when she married and she left her husband broken to do a tour around Europe. And when she goes to Italy she ate a lot of food then prayed in India and finally found her love in Bali when she was just a few months before married and doesn't want to be married. I was excited, but apprehensive about how one of my favorite books would translate to the big screen...<br/><br/>But, I was happy with the result and have now watched the movie several times. It's a pleasant romance with beautiful visuals from Italy (many gratuitous shots of food), India (colors everywhere), and Indonesia (gorgeous natural scenery). The movie attempts to capture the book's spiritual and self-searching depth, but doesn't quite get there...leaving a viewer who hasn't read the book probably wanting more.<br/><br/>It's difficult to translate the personal thoughts, feelings, and nuances from a memoir into a movie--Eat, Pray, Love does its best and does manage to capture many of the intimate moments through voiceovers and flashbacks. There's a focus on the romance(s) in the movie, but there's so much to cover, the movie only manages a superficial overview.<br/><br/>The movie has an all-star cast including Julia Roberts (Liz Gilbert), Javier Bardem (Felipe), James Franco (David), and Billy Crudup (Liz's ex-husband, Steven) and they play their characters well, though sometimes a bit under-developed (again, compared to the book--sorry, can't help it).<br/><br/>In its movie form, Eat, Pray, Love is an enjoyable visualization of a woman's journey around the world and back to herself. If you enjoy the movie and/or you want something a little deeper, definitely read the book. I had high hopes for a movie based on a best selling book. I have not read the book so I'm probably not qualified to give a review.<br/><br/>Considering the majority of the reviewers gave this movie one star, I personally did not find it warranted that low of a rating. The movie at certain times were good but overall, I found that it lacked cohesion. Sure, the protagonist was on a soul searching trek across the world to find herself and the movie like the book (I'm guessing) had to give its audience that feel and connection to that disillusionment but I was overwhelmed by the confusion of what it wanted to convey.<br/><br/>The movie was way too long and winding that I felt like it lost me. I do enjoy the shots of the picturesque locales, a dip into the culture of Italy, India and Bali but if the objective was to give us that feeling, it lost me there. It was beautiful to watch, especially the Indian wedding and the chaotic taxi ride (my God, I was reminded of my trip to Mumbai) but it lost me in the connection to the people and culture.<br/><br/>If there was one really annoying thing about the movie that I can point out (again, I didn't read the book), it was the frequent narration of Liz and her thoughts about everything. I didn't like it when the author or the movie preaches about life's lessons or insights like I'm some naive child. If the movie cut that part of it out, I think I would have enjoyed it much more.<br/><br/>Overall, the movie seemed too contrived. I find that although the movie tries to touch on what meditation does, it didn't really do a good job. Rather than try to enlighten those who are not into meditation, it seems to reinforce the stereotypes of what most people perceive it to be. This movie did not have a good focus on what it wanted to shine on so in the end, we are left with a disjointed diary of one woman who went through mid-life crisis trying to find herself and shutting people out of her life. I'm usually not a big fan of romantic comedies, but Julia Roberts is just great here. The story of her self-search is told quietly and beautifully, in astonishing settings and heart-warming friendships along her way. Very charming. Slow movie. Wish it had a little more to the story. Great performance just expected a little more. EPL lost all of its charm in its tiring obsession with love. I enjoyed the movie through the Italy part. That was fun and I felt inspired and then it just got boring and sad for me. I no longer found myself able to connect with or care about the characters. Maybe I was just in it for the food. For all that is good in the world... please read the book instead of watching the movie. I promise you it'll be more worth it. The movie, like others said, portray Liz as a terrible person. The book goes into more detail about the divorce, about her doubts, about her as a person. How she traveled, why she chose the places she did, her TRUE experiences, etc. She specifically tried to ward off men and focus on herself, unlike in the movie. Is the book very much focused on a personal journey? Yes. But it doesn't make her selfish. It makes her a real, flawed, human, like the rest of us. Her book definitely touched on the more important things in life, and the struggles going on in different countries, but in the end it's a personal journey. Not everything has to be political at all times. If any of us wrote a personal story I'm sure it'll seem very egocentric too. But please do read the book and try to read it with an open mind. If you're lucky enough to marry and live happily ever after, that's great. But not everybody meets "the one" and falls right on the traditional track of churning out babies. This woman decided to put herself first and end a marriage that wasn't working out for EITHER of them, which is a brave move. Some people stay miserable forever. But finding happiness when all hope seems lost shouldn't be considered selfish. Especially if you feel stuck in a life that isn't your own and fall prey to other people's expectations. Just, please, read the book before denouncing the whole story. It is obvious that the idea was totally cliche-romantic rather than the idea of finding enlightment by seeing the world. It is a shame, obviously her only problems are dealing around men.
For some unknown reason she is unhappy with her husband: "well, get rid of it" - then immediately stepping into the next guy: they can't get along - in italy being sad about not having a man; then the happy end, surprise, is in finding a man.
This is so anti-emancipated. Does she even have an own mind and opinion? Did she ever question anything she did?
I cant find no statement at all in this movie that differents from the typical unoriginal american movies Liz is a beautiful storyteller. Her words and insite are poetry. My favorite movie. Its a love story but more importantly she finds love for herself and her life. I enejoyed a lot this movie. And I watched it several times. I recommend it for those who is more open for feelings and emotions, who really sees life in colours. Of course the book is more interesting and of course I recommend to read the book too. I've enjoyed it from the begining till the end..even seen the second time, what happened to me almost never.. I was 18 years old when I read the book and watched the movie and now I see the reason why I liked it. It did have a certain impact on me since I was in a turning point of life myself. Surely I didn't follow any of Elizabeth's advises on self discovering and stuff like this. I just found the idea of having a journey like she did, enchanting.
To me it felt like a sort of an adventure in discovering new lands and experiencing different ways of living and enjoying life. Liz had everything: money, good job position, friends, so she seems in a certain point fed up and just quits the job, withdraws the money, breaks up with her husband, hurts everyone around blaming them for her issues and travels. She has the opportunity to escape like that and go to a 'self-discovery' journey which for me it appeared to be 'leave everyone you cared about in your country and get other friends who pat your back constantly and eventually get a new boyfriend.' Unlike Liz there are people out there who instead of escaping, they deal with their own issues perfectly.
Lastly, this work is worthless besides the travel destinations. This movie's main character is a woman journalist, who does great things in New York. She is busy working and enjoying her life. But her mind doesn't have a feeling of satisfaction truly. And she decides to cast aside position and horror, and sets off on a trip. She goes to Italia, India and Bali. In the traveling, she looks back on her own life, and thinks what is herself.<br/><br/>A lot of people have the same feelings with the journalist. We are always busy doing somethings. This is a society of adults. Maybe our minds also don't have a feeling of satisfaction like her. But we can't cast aside position and horror. She can do a thing we can't do. Thus we are envious of her life, and attracted this movie. And this movie has a lot of sense that the characters talk about something like maxims. This inspires our hearts, and we are also attracted. It is a human drama and romance. I like this story but I think some people do not. Liz is a main character. A lot of people, especially women, can understand Liz's feeling and sympathize with her. She think about her life and her love. After she breaks up with her boyfriend, she decides to start traveling the world. She meets a lot of people and does a lot of things. I think her traveling is very good. A lot of people would like to travel like her when they come up to some problems. However, in the real life, it is difficult. We have to go to school or work and earn money. Therefore I think some audience can't sympathize with the story. If I have a chance to get time and can travel, I want to go travel all over the world like Liz. Watched this movie on a 9 hours flight. I find the movie to be quiet boring and superficial. Few times, I just wanted to stop watching, if it is not a long flight.<br/><br/>Movie is just boring as the flight.. Robert's play is very one-dimensional for her roll of a women in her forty. Superficial, nothing in depth... Even though the movie rotate around 3 charming places, Italy, India and Bali, the rich scenery couldn't have saved the movie.. To find your own self or enlightenment, you don't need travel around. The movie tells nothing about how this women find her inner voice, because this women is always in a action. Robert's play is only focused on the action, nothing moving inside. This movie is a guilty pleasure for sure. It's a total chick flick but I actually quite like it and every time its on TV I catch myself watching it again. It's not as good as the book and Julie Roberts does get kind of annoying but I love the travel, the locations and the sweet romance with Javier Bardem. <br/><br/>The story is based on a super successful book by Liz Gilbert. Here Julie Roberts chronicles her breakdown, quest for self discovery, by stepping put of her comfort zone and journey around the world which ultimately brings her true inner happiness and a man. Sounds cheesy but its pretty good, especially the section in Bali. 03.13 Any guy or stereotypical female who's seen the cover for either the novel or film "Eat Pray Love" will most likely go, "Oh gee, another romantic sap-fest." Surprisingly, "Eat Pray Love" remained an entertaining adventure of the spirit that got through ALMOST all the annoying sappiness and overplayed elements. Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts) had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a husband, a house, a successful career - yet like so many others, she found herself lost. Newly divorced, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy; the power of prayer in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali. Julia Roberts gives an overdone and one-note performance that reflects barely any nuances or changes in the character of a struggling woman. She meets a bunch of gorgeous guys and her actual mission of self-discovery makes it seem like she never really had any problems to begin with. The power of faith idea is completely regurgitated and overplayed. At times I though Hindu Kirk Cameron directed it. Instead, they chose Ryan Murphy. Murphy does a great job at reassuring that Julia Roberts had fun making the film and got to travel around the world, but he never really tells us what her character's all about. We get she's lost and confused but the solution to her issues kind of just plops down on us quickly. Going on for a staggering two and a half hours, "Eat Pray Love" drags and drags until we finally realize we're overwhelmed with joy that Julia Roberts made it until the end and that all is well. This is more a subtle drama than a sap-fest all throughout, however the romance and emotional damage is a little too familiar. "Eat Pray Love" gets a pass all for the spectacular scenery and strong the,es of hope in a real-life situation, but needs a lot of work in order to excel as a human drama worth remembering. I never read Liz Gilbert's book, but her story is very interesting and shows that sometimes you have to go places to truly find yourself.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, it had to have a Hollywood makeover. Just...why? This is based on real people, but instead I see characters. Being portrayed as a scripted story, it's not enjoyable. The New York bit is depressing, the Italy section is over-excessive, the India section is just depressing as hell, and by the time you get to the Bali part, you're just waiting for it to be over. <br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I definitely have respect for the story. I just hate how it was...movie-ized!! This romantic comedy with edges of somber notes is saved by superb editing. It departs from the novel by de-emphasizing the drug-dependencies of the protagonist. This is a shame, because the appealing message of breaking free from the western culture's mantra of "a pill for every ill" is obscured. This film is a good recommendation for those who struggle with self- forgiveness, which at times is probably everyone if we own up to it. The danger is that there's not so much attention paid to making things right with those whom we have hurt. In other words, the film is a journey toward inward peace, without examination of the concomitant virtues of reconciliation (not always an option), restoration, or a simple, straightforward apology. Because the protagonist has come to grips with her own transgressions doesn't mean that others in her past life have. I won't spoil the end, but the quick seven-second shot at the end of the film lacks full development. This is understandable, though, since no film could provide the nuancing that a good novel can. The colors, sounds, and moods of international travel pop in this film, which, like the book, borders on morphing into a travelogue, which was probably the whole point. AfroPixFlix feels at one with seven forks here. Liz is bored with her marriage. She gets a quick & easy divorce on the grounds that "I don't wanna be married." (She actually says that.) When her husband, who has done nothing wrong, protests, she offers nothing but flimsy explanations like because he keeps changing his mind about what he wants to do in life. But isn't that what she herself is doing? And in fact the theme of the whole movie â€“ that change is good, and to try to reinvent yourself? And we're supposed to take her side why? This character makes me kind of angry in fact. She refuses his requests to try to work things out, out of hand...then proceeds to act like a teenager and trifle with the affections of some more men.<br/><br/>She obviously expects life to be some kind of fairy tale, and sets out to find the life she deserves. Well I don't think she deserves anything special, and she's far from a special person as portrayed in this film. Rather she is selfish, spoiled, irresponsible and just plain unlikeable.<br/><br/>This movie is billed as inspirational. It sets us up to expect some deep, insightful revelations, then lets us down with nothing but whining and selfishness, until she ends up right back where she started.<br/><br/>The message of the movie seems to be "give in to your midlife crisis"(evidently this would be seen as irresponsible only if you are a man). She opted for meditation and traveling when she probably more needs therapy. It's all about me, me, me, and what I want. But she didn't seem to know what she wanted. No matter what, she was not happy.<br/><br/>She whines that she has been in a relationship for all of the past few years, so as soon as she sheds her husband she proceeds to get into a relationship with a guy at the laundromat, and then gets into a relationship with a guy in Italy, and finally ends up...in a relationship.<br/><br/>I don't see any point to the relationship with James Franco. Why was that even put in the film? The men here seem too perfect. James Franco's character adores her (for no good reason), and inexplicably would give anything to get her back. The part with the Italian boyfriend is even more forgettable. Javier Bardem's character goes out of his way to pander to Liz. Why? Just her looks, apparently. Still, she just doesn't know what to do, but finally realizes she has a good thing, and had better not let him get away this time. Typical Hollywood ending. No powerful/moving love story here, among the lot of them.<br/><br/>I don't see that she made any progress or grew as a person. Instead of introspection we get indulgence. Instead of enlightenment, it's all about entitlement. I think a lot of the positive reviews I'm seeing here are unjustly giving credit to the movie on the merits of the book, which apparently does not have so many fundamental problems.<br/><br/>It seemed like this movie was taking way longer than 2 hours, and I got anxious for them to wrap things up. All in all, I found the reviews here on IMDb far and away more interesting, insightful and enjoyable than the movie itself! This a history can be reflex in the life of the audience, Liz is a woman who has her life complete; socially she make all the steps get marry, buy a house, finish the school ,get a nice job and traveling around the world ; but really she had that life style because she fell incomplete she need other experience for find the pace and happiness she always wanted; after painful divorce she star to find herself and travel to Italy for taste the flavor of life, to India for fell a holly connection and then to Bali when she fund suddenly the true love Summary: The people she meet in this journey they push Liz to the experiment the experience she need to feel and understand the meaning of live and love , everyone make a deep impression in her life, like our friend, family and loves do it in ours every single day, this real fact put this film in a special place, this can be one of the 100 films you need to see before die. Liz was married with Steve, this man was in love with her, but he was selfish he can share time with his wife, like a short travel to Aruba that push her to change, she make an extreme met David an guy more young without goals in his life, messy, vegetarian and religious both cause a big impression in her life went she decide go, he don't care David he don't ask her to stay like Steve showing more difference in this to characters Her friend Viola have a babe she want that to they conserve the friendship for a long time, Liz go to Italy when the food, the people and the place show her from nothing you can make the most beautiful tasty ,unique and simple thinks in world, she walk in all down town rome, civitta vecchia and the ruin 2000 year old, she eat in a trattoria front a lovely couple, finally she try to lear Italian "Atraversiamo" (go across together) "Il Dolce Far Niente" (the sweet moment when you do nothing) make the final point in that travel, she go to India she really try to make a connection in the spiritual way she ever can and then Liz met Richard his story make stamp the feel she needed, then she visit Bali, there a magic guru speck to explain the balance of the life and also explain sometimes we lose the balance for find love, she fund love in Bali, Brazilian love The scenes in foreign places, the song from Frank Sinatra, Indian Music, Neil Young and Joao Gilberto complete the message of this film "the happiness inside, you only need to find her" Really rubbish film. <br/><br/>Don't watch it Look through a travel brochure instead and be talked at by a morose teenager for 2 1/2 hours. If you want a review with more substance read those with 3 stars or less for this film. I've found those to be more accurate, giving praise where it's due - scenery, male actors, Julia doing her best with what little there is. I regret wasting my time watching this film so much that I have registered especially to leave my feedback. I should be making dinner. The food in Italy looked scrumptious.<br/><br/>I didn't understand the scene with the Indian girl's wedding either. Why was Julia telling her she imagined her to be happy when she'd walked out on her own? And she had a free choice about hers. I found that really patronising Julia Roberts' character Liz gets a bit fed up and so gets a divorce and then feels empty and sad. So she decides to 'find herself'. Her search begins in Rome... three months in Rome, where she quickly makes friends with lovely Italians who don't work either, but spend their days chilling with lovely pasta, pizza and wine. She doesn't find herself there so she nips off to India for a month or so to do some praying and meditating. Not to be found there either she pops of to Bali for another few months. I would like to follow in Julia's footsteps please... so if anyone can give us about 40 grand to doss about for 6 months I would be most grateful. Failing that I will just spend the rest of my life in the doldrums as I don't have the cash to find enlightenment. Thanks Hollywood for pointing out my financial shortcomings. In most movies, one or more characters experience an arc where they learn something by the end of the show. The audience goes along for the ride and feels satisfaction at having learned along with them.<br/><br/>But although Eat Pray Love's main premise is for Julia Roberts' character to learn something, it's obvious, by the end of the movie, that she hasn't learned a thing. She spends a year on a path of self exploration, but in the end, sees no problem in returning to her old life. And it's not until a last-minute intervention by a brown man (the brown people in this movie are all portrayed as wise sooth sayers) that something clicks and she seems to recant her former ways. But in reality, it's just an excuse for a Hollywood ending: a man who shows up quite late in the movie (a perfect example of deus ex machina abuse) gets the girl, loses the girl, and then gets her back. Indeed, the entire movie is just an excuse to set up this trite conclusion. <br/><br/>Whatever learning that was supposed to take place in the preceding two hours all gets washed away, and instead of a worthwhile experience, we and Julia Roberts sail off into the sunset, all the worse for wear. If i am to compare this movie to the book, it would be like comparing a chicken broth made of grass fed chicken to a broth made of a concentrate. In my opinion it is impossible to make a movie of this book, as certain things just can't be reflected in a movie. That is why I am not surprised that so many hated this movie.So many could not understand the Liz" character. After reading the book, which i loved and am reading it again /4years later/, I could not force myself to finish watching the movie. Everything is "lost in translation". On top of that Julia Roberts is just not the right person for the main character. Not her look, not her acting were right for the movie. I stopped seeing characters behind Julia'face. Now that I am reading this book for the second time it has much deeper meaning for me. I am Abraham-HICKS teaching "student" and everything in this book is making sense now. Those who has no idea who abraham or hicks are would not understand. And that is OK. I did not read the book, To be honest I haven't read a book in years only because I am self-employed (I know - not an excuse).What was JR thinking with the all natural no make up look? OK so a 40+ woman has to look her age but (yes I am being a little too honest here) she was gone from Goddess to god damned awful. I think I fell asleep half way through. OK I know its not much of a review but my attraction to a movie or a game will always be entertainment value without having to strain ones mental capabilities. I could have looked at this through the eyes of some aficionado of fine B grade acting but no - I'm a Hollywood blockbuster entertain me now or go away kind of person so this film may appeal to the most romantic of souls It did little for me but replace a Valium had I needed one. Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts) is a modern woman with a husband, a job, and a house. Then she divorces her husband. Confused and lost, she sets off on a quest for enlightenment.<br/><br/>Ryan Murphy wrote and directed this film based on the popular book. I don't know if there's anything especially offensive to me (moviewise) in this movie, but I don't find it involving. It feels very bourgeois. And it goes so slowly. She's so full of herself. Julia Roberts just doesn't give a sense of somebody in crisis. Can boredom be a crisis? That's what it seems to be. If there is one movie thing that I object to, it's the narration. There's nothing more boring than being told how unfulfilled you are in narration. It doesn't make the movie any better. The movie is not that bad.I gave it 8,but compared to the book it's disappointing.All those interesting things are completely skipped.And if you haven't read the book you might be confused while watching because the plot is changing so fast.<br/><br/>When I saw that it's almost three hours long I expected that everything will be shown,but they paid attention to the things that are not that important in the book. Also there are some things that are not true.Like the fact that she dedicated the song to that Indian girl,when she actually dedicated it to her nephew,etc. I gave it 8 just because as a movie it's not bad.I think you won't be disappointed if you haven't read the book and you might as well enjoy it. I think EPL went wrong at the concept stage, taking an inspirational best-seller as the basis for a big budget romantic comedy. The book was wonderful, funny, truthful, and of course self-indulgent, because you can't do self-help without navel gazing. And it was a huge best-seller, so of course it had to be a huge movie.<br/><br/>But spiritual journeys don't translate naturally to the screen- not even with Julia Roberts pairing a vast wardrobe of cute outfits with her two or three patented facial expressions. She's the living embodiment of The Anguish of Being Gorgeous. And as her search for meaning has to cover three continents in two hours, with the travel porn laid on thick, there's not much time to go deep.<br/><br/>I'm at a loss to say how this might have worked better- lose the Eat? drop the Love? (Pray almost worked, thanks to Richard from Texas). Gilbert's trip was a spiritual journey, not a well-dressed romp through the funner parts of Europe and Asia. It might work better as a dreamy mood piece like Moonrise Kingdom, or an offbeat meditation.<br/><br/>Good book, though The big screen adaptation of Elizabeth Gilbert's autobiographical book. A writer who is totally confused and bored about her life, wants to find answers from within herself through a journey of far away land. Sounds good? So is it a magical journey to beyond for yummy good food, constant prayers and lot so lovin'? <br/><br/>Before starting off on her journey, the leading lady dumps her loving husband Stephen and young handsome actor boyfriend David. Soon she is in Italy learning the language, culture and having gastronomic delights with newly found 'friends and family'. After Italy the 'Eat' part abruptly ends, sadly there are no delectable dishes in the curry capital of the world or even a slight whiff of spicy rendang chicken in Indonesia. Nessuno! <br/><br/>The 'Pray' part is actually a brief moment earlier in the movie, in India the movie just drags further with the introduction of new and uninteresting characters. Throughout her travels and stays, Liz the main character is fortunate to meet strangers who are kind, attentive and accommodating all the way which basically is pure fantasy in a real- world situation considering the unseen dangers of a person let alone a lady traveling and staying all by herself in a far-off foreign country.<br/><br/>Character development is plainly lacking especially for her new Brazilian businessman boyfriend, Felipe(Javier Bardem). The audience would be thinking 'Is he really in love with her? Oh man! He is just trying to get lucky.' Julia Roberts gleefully does her part here, gently holding this movie together right to the end while director Ryan Murphy executes the monotonous plot military style: Yes Sir, No Sir.<br/><br/>Which finally brings us to the 'love' part. Sadly the nearest 'love' ever gets to throughout the lengthy two hours plus movie is the few seconds of flash backs showing newlyweds Liz and Stephen together, yes in good times! While I can understand the quick criticism of this film, it seems as if many viewers are examining this movie with tunnel vision. Yes Liz left her husband. A husband that was enthusiastic, caring, and ready to stand beside her through her journey of self discovery. <br/><br/>She left a career that many of us would do anything to have. A beautiful home. A life that seemed perfect! Seemed, being the principal word here. She recognized that she had it all: "Hadn't I wanted this? I had actively participated in every moment of the creation of this life. So why didn't I see myself in any of it? The only thing more impossible than staying... was leaving. I didn't want to hurt anybody, I wanted to slip quietly out the back door and not stop running until I reached Greenland." <br/><br/>Liz recognized that despite the fact that she had an envious life, she was not fulfilled. While talking with Delia, her therapist friend, they looked back on when Liz delved into the remodeling of her kitchen, and Liz explains she was trying to make her marriage work.<br/><br/>"I used to have an appetite for my life, but now it is gone." Liz may have had many comforts of life that we would all love to have, but she was not happy. She wanted more: "...the weekends spent roaming the aisles of some box-shaped superstore of our choice, buying ever more appliances on credit?"<br/><br/>She went to Italy, learned the language, ate the food. She needed an escape from a life that she felt confined to. She needed a change of scenery, a change of pace. She met friends and for once was able to slow down and take in the graces of her life.<br/><br/>She goes off to India and in a pursuit for inner peace, she is blatantly exposed and forced to see just how torn apart she is when stripped down to her core. Having held a shiny veneer over herself for so long, she was now letting herself to be unguarded...and it hurt. She tried so long to be happy within a life that she helped create, but perhaps grew out of. In India she met Richard, a man from Texas who saw Liz more clearly than Liz saw herself. Richard saw that Liz needed to forgive herself, and once she did... she could finally start to accept happiness for herself. <br/><br/>In New York, she had been living a life that she thought was correct... what was expected of her. She created a life that our culture and our society led her to.<br/><br/>Finally, she forgave herself. She saw what she did, how she hurt Stephen. How she left a life that she created.<br/><br/>In Bali, she meets Felipe. She falls in love and sees that. She finally forgave herself from leaving Stephen, and she found inner strength and happiness that was HERS, not a happiness that was responsible for someone else. She was scared to be in love again, to lose herself in a love, a marriage. <br/><br/>But finally recognizing that life does not have to be "all or nothing", that it is up to us to find balance, she frees her heart and goes off with Felipe.<br/><br/>Viewers and critics, view this movie for what it was intended to be. A true story of a woman who left a "perfect" life. She felt unfulfilled, and though she cared for Stephen, she knew he deserved someone who would feel fulfilled with him. <br/><br/>Liz needed to find herself and find happiness that was solely hers. She needs to feel good about herself before she could feel good with anyone else. Really pointless, boring movie that really will waste 2.5 (seemed like 10) hours of your life. Just don't bother. Really. Sincerely. You've been warned. Bad. Bad. Bad.<br/><br/>The scenery is colorful, so I suppose you could turn the volume off.<br/><br/>Julia is/was a sweetheart, but this movie was a mistake.<br/><br/>Slow paced, no surprises.<br/><br/>Slow paced, no joy.<br/><br/>Moderately depressing.<br/><br/>Watch internet traffic cams for a similar high.<br/><br/>The book must have been better, but I will not look.<br/><br/>Wonder about Oprah since she tricked Julia into making this movie. OK, so first of all I'm a guy. And strange as it may seem, as a guy, I'm really no fan of Julia Roberts. Not sure why... maybe because she usually seems to pick crappy movies?<br/><br/>Anyway, this movie is terrible. It's sooooooo cheesy it's just shocking. It's a mix of mushy new agey fluffiness with a massive dose of stereotypes and a good bit of American self-obsessed yet trying to be hip yet actually insecure yet ultimately seeking enlightenment and ... well you get the idea. I can't quite tell whether the people who made the movie thought it was really well done and trying to be profound, or whether they realised how rubbish it was turning out as they were making it but figured what the heck, we've got a few million to make a movie, let's just keep going.<br/><br/>I'm actually just writing this as I watch it, and it's only half way through, and actually she just said "oh my god, kill me". Sums it up.<br/><br/>(and now she's whining about her meditation being disturbed...) Despite everyone says, I really believe in the truth of this movie. Firstly, the picture is good; it's not an awesomely one - it doesn't have any fabulous effects - but still, it has good images, it have some good perspectives, great actors, good interpretations, and it's a beautiful movie. It's not a great American or a classic novel and it does not have a low indie-art'ish movie vibe. OK, we get it, but it's a really good movie, we can't discuss either she should stay with x, y, or z guy and this because supposedly this is a true time story, it's not a fiction one. Julia performs a woman who wants to discover herself, who wants to understand something in her life, and like the movie title says it - and well - she will eat, she will pray, and she will love. That's what she wanted to do to discover something, a meaning; the rest doesn't matter! She could scuba dive instead of eating, but then we will not see some Rome great sights or senses, and the movie probably would be filmed in a reef in Australia or maybe Madagascar - I don't know just guessing here - and it could be equally good. What does matter is that the moral of the movie or the spirit it's all there.<br/><br/>So, for god sake, not every movie needs to be a Pulp Fiction and thank god they are not (and I love that movie also, don't misunderstand me), yet again this movie is not bad, really for the contrary. I realize people not identifying themselves with the thematics or, I don't know, something else but you can't say that it is an awful picture. Because It's not.<br/><br/>You want to see a bad movie/video? Go to youtube. Julia Robert's fantastic smile lights up the screen as she travels through Italy and India and Bali. To accompany this the colours and sights are as luscious and ripe as its possible to be, and made me want to visit these places and eat till I burst. The men she is involved with are delicious each in his own way, and I really wanted to love the film. But I found it strangely lacklustre and even boring. Our heroine starts out reluctant to engage on any deep level, so it is no surprise when, to raise money for a new house in Bali for a new friend, she turns mainly to the new friends she has made along the way, whom she now calls her family. It seems so superficial. On the other hand, probably like everyone else I was rooting for her at the end ... would she or wouldn't she ... ?! I watched this whole film and never once did it feel like Julia Roberts was acting. Julia just seemed so natural as a shallow, me-first character. Yet, I did not find her very sympathetic and as I was in theatre I regularly found myself hoping she would fall down a flight of stairs, but alas, she never does. Maybe in the sequel?<br/><br/>I hope Julia realizes that as she loses her looks even more and her box office draw continues on its downward trend she might have to take a hard look in the mirror, mirror and realize she's not the pretty woman we all thought she was. (LOL, right? I just thought that one up on the spot).<br/><br/>Anyway, I have a cousin name a Rimmy Jo Buckles who claims to have messed around with her husband Eric Roberts when she was in Georgia in the 80s but Rimmy is a notorious liar, so who knows. I did see this film with Rimmy and she did not like it neither. While we were watching she said: END PLEASE NOW instead of Eat, Pray, Love and I laughed at first but she kept repeating it and it got old. EPR stands for every reason why the rest of the world hates Americans. Its a rich menopausal ladies rant to find herself. Julia Roberts looks old and out of place. As do her yummy male co stars. Regardless, the film lacks the depth and understanding to deal with international cultures. Everything is fake, I don't buy the transformation - too easy. Its the classic narrow Hollywood world view which is based primarily on sitting inside ones office, snorting cocaine and dreaming of Buddha. Why did I even go for this movie. I put this film in the same 'WHITE LADY HARDSHIP TO VICTORY' slot where Sandra Bullock's Blind Side comes from.<br/><br/>But - the food shots in Italy were good. Eat, Pray, Love, Seriously?<br/><br/>Here is my idea of a real life EPL.<br/><br/>Eat.<br/><br/>Woman and her kids are thrown for a loop when hubby decides he needs to find himself (aka: travel and sleep with other women). She is in a fight for her life to get alimony and child support. Her soon to be X does not want to pay it. Wanderlust boy needs the cash to support his latest exploits to Bali with his lovely buxom, blond traveling companion.<br/><br/>Woman finds a crummy, low paying job where managers get to continue the abuse on her already battered self esteem. Lunch "hour" is actually 15 minutes. Time enough for diet soda and M&M's. The only pasta eating going on is Mac and Cheese and leftover spaghetti from a can.<br/><br/>Pray.<br/><br/>After a long day at work and taking care of the kids, woman is exhausted. She lies in bed praying that God will help her pay the light and water bill this month, then cries herself to sleep. God doesn't answer her prayer because he is too busy helping some spoiled chick in Bali who is having a crisis over her recent Roman holiday weight gain and East Indian floor washing horror.<br/><br/>Love.<br/><br/>Are you kidding? No sexy teared hottie is waiting for her in Bali. Woman has little time for dating and when she does it's with a sweaty, slightly overweight man. He is interested in finding another wifey to cook, clean and take care of his kids. He expects her to greet him at the door with candles, music and a bubble bath. (he can pay the water bill) Boring sex follows. Thank God it's over in 5 minutes.<br/><br/>Seriously?<br/><br/>Another EPL movie? This time author decides to leave her cry baby Bali man because she is tired of him turning on the water works every time they make love. His favorite movie is Beaches. She decides to go to Hawaii for a year to find herself again. A luxury hut with beach side services will help her meditate and she loves poi poi and pineapple martinis. Hey... who's that sitting at the Aloha bar? Another sexy man crying over his drink because his wife has left him. Oh ... wait a minute ... it's her X husband. First off, if you're looking for a better rendering of the genre of self-discovery, see Under the Tuscan Sun. If you look back a couple decades you can see Shirley Valentine. My point, the subject has been well-milked. If you're not xenophobic, unlike the protagonist, then see the far better Eat Drink Man Woman (hmm, just a coincidence re the title, right).<br/><br/>Second of all, I apologize I have not read the book.<br/><br/>Third of all, my interest in self-discovery and human potential knows no bounds, hence my initial interest in this film and having enjoyed the 3 other films listed above.<br/><br/>Now for the review. I caught the film on an long plane trip, hence I didn't have to spend a dime on it. The one bright point was how the protagonist's own words were twisted in a wonderful way. Other than that, ordering cappuccino and food was somehow the key to discovering Italian living. Why on earth must satisfying hunger pains be equated to knowing anything about this country? Why such a vapid email combining some superficial platitudes with changing relationships? When her mumbling unemotional rendering of this message was droned out, I droned on to something else.<br/><br/>A wretched waste of my time.<br/><br/>And that ends my review. The rise of blogs has created a culture in which every Tom, Dick and Harry is able to make every minor inconsequential thought that pops into his head known to the entire world and consequently convinces him, and perhaps some of his readers, that what he has to say is far more important than it is.<br/><br/>The blog culture is also responsible for movies like "Eat Pray Love," a pointless movie about an affluent, privileged woman's quest to "find herself," which really means eliminate from her life anything resembling a responsibility and go off to enjoy everything that's cliché and trendy about world culture -- eating a lot of good food in Italy, meditating in India, etc.<br/><br/>I think people should be free to do whatever they want with their lives, provided they don't hurt other people along the way, and if they have the free time and the money to go travel around the world doing nothing, more power to them. But what I ask in return is that they not then bore me with all of their whining about vague problems, or think they're inherently interesting when they're coming to life conclusions the rest of us came to when we were twenty-five.<br/><br/>The character played by Julia Roberts doesn't make a lick of sense, because Roberts is far too confident a screen presence and not nearly a good enough actress to make us understand what this woman's problem is. It's certainly not money or lack of free time, since she spends all of the movie's running time lounging around Italian cafes and beaches in Bali looking like a photo spread in a travel magazine. The gorgeous scenery is appealing for a while, but certainly not enough to warrant a running time of 2:25.<br/><br/>As far as I can tell, her real problem seems to be MEN, which are represented by a handful of recognizable and wasted actors (Billy Crudup, James Franco, Javier Bardem) and only one of whom (Richard Jenkins) has a chance to build anything resembling a character of consequence. Unfortunately, Jenkins is such a good actor and his character's problems so much more significant and real than Roberts', that he only serves to make us more intolerant of her blathering.<br/><br/>Grade: D is the basis of this movie. Julie Roberts plays a woman, Liz, whose job is to travel and then write articles for some travel magazine on her trip. Plus she's married and seems well off. She sure has a lot to be unhappy about, not! But of course she is. All she does is seem unhappy and complain about her life.<br/><br/>Soon, in the film, she asks for a divorce. According to the movie it's because her husband is so wishy-washy and he wants to work on the marriage but she's out. She decides to go on an adventure for the year, going to Italy, India, and Bali. And this is after she breaks up with some guy half her age. So, she goes to these places and discovers herself and god and learns to meditate and love herself. In Bali, she meets another guy, this time close to her age, and after a lot of self discovery is finally ready to try love again.<br/><br/>This movie was to long and Julie Roberts's character, Liz, just to unlikable. She just wants to complain and complain and there's a lot of people worse off than her. Richard was the only interesting character in the movie.<br/><br/>FINAL VERDICT: A movie worth avoiding It is close to impossible to imagine what the studio was thinking when they greenlit this movie. It is about an almost-impossibly self-possessed woman who unloads two men in the first 30 minutes, then goes on an amazingly selfish journey.<br/><br/>It seems odd to build a movie around such a unsympathetic character. Yes, it's been done in movies like "Hud," etc. But, this was marketed as a feel-good chick flick. Julia Roberts has always hit me as a more chilly actress, and portraying a character who is even chillier doesn't help! You cannot begin to care about what happens to her.<br/><br/>The great Robert Richardson's cinematographic talents are almost completely wasted here. It looks like a Lifetime TV-movie. There are no transitions between countries. Note to "Glee" director Ryan Murphy, you have Bob Richardson as your cinematographer! Other directors could only pray to have him on their film. What were you thinking? The script is strictly hackneyed. Again, very TV-movieish. Characters are more like caricatures. And, the great acting talents Richard Jenkins and Javier Bardem provide the few shining moments in this film. Very disappointing!<br/><br/>(2 Stars Out of 10) A foreseeable story. A very linear story. <br/><br/>Illumination and faith is a continuous so just going to another country to look for guidance is a naive cliché, only people with some money can afford this!<br/><br/>Then, love. All happened in a very ideal order and manner. <br/><br/>And Julia Roberts: she is refreshing, nice and smiles a lot in her movies but I think that none of her roles are played with fiber or depth (my opinion) hence she is the perfect actress for this fluff.<br/><br/>The phrases are slogans, the title itself sounds like a fastidious mantra, an empty motto from a divorced woman that could afford to do all this. Not that having the money to do it make her superficial, but just the way she did it and her telling others this story that has little to do with real life or real suffering. If you ran four plus episodes of 19 Kids and Counting back to back, you'd have a more interesting session (even with commercials), than watching this wannabe reality show. Julia Roberts' charisma can't help this lame duck. Like today's reality shows, we see a selfish, self-centered, inconsiderate woman who wanders around doing absolutely nothing while running into freaky, bizarre and otherwise unusual people direly in need of counseling. We meet nerds who say dumb things, wise men who try in vain to say wise things and take short unsatisfying tours of Bali, Rome, Naples and India. Ms Roberts apparently learns something in India, but I'm not sure what. At least when she locks Mr. Bardem out of her life, he can blow the lock out of the door. If India has the answers, why does it have so much disease and abject poverty? This is one dog that can't be rehabilitated. PS: The title stinks too! ...and I still do like that movie. so you could say I'm easily pleased. Eat Pray Love has wonderful national geographic style scenery and landscape shots. That's where most of the budget of $ 60 000 000 must have gone to. for everything else, I would ask my money back.<br/><br/>My wife was fast asleep 15 min into the movie. I decided to sit through it, so it wouldn't be unfair to complain about time wasted. but leaving it all behind and starting a new life some place else (the story!) is way more exciting and complex. From my own experience and under less wealthy circumstances that is.<br/><br/>It's not that I hated the movie, because that would require emotional investment. the whole story was simply too shallow to induce any such strong reaction. 3/10 Again a boring and disgusting romantic comedy from Julia Roberts, Out of the blue she find out she's not happy with her marriage life. OK some might say its a movie for women, But I think its not worth wasting ur time, 133 minutes for a meaningless Julia Robert's movie. "Eat Pray Love" is shameless wish-fulfillment, the story is not that enjoyable because the dialog isn't meaningful and the character of Liz is selfish and me me me. I didn't expect much from this movie, but certainly something more, at least not so much clichè, and lack of substance. The suddenly dissatisfied married woman who decides to take on a journey, to discover herself, God, happiness... and finally the man of his dreams n the end of her soooooooo loooooooooooong(?!) world trip I have to say it: A Self-Absorbed meaningless Romance Failure.. 1. Julia still has the charm. 2. How nice 'under the Tuscan sun' was.<br/><br/>I was attracted by this film after watching its commercial. I love travels, Italy, the idea of leaving everything behind and Julia Roberts.<br/><br/>Many audiences criticize Liz's selfishness and the reason she decided to change her life dramatically. Like "there are so many poor people around us and Liz complains about her feeling blue and empty. Life is hard. She is too naive and selfish. She needs to grow up". But feeling happiness and content in life is naturally selfish and subjective. Liz might be in extreme pain even if she didn't have cancer and lose her family. So I don't agree with the criticism on Liz's decision and her so-told selfishness.<br/><br/>However, the problem of his film is whether it has 'sincerity'. Her grief, her escaping, her eating pizza and her meditation. Was that real? Many of her experiences seem just superficial and shallow. Of course, they are fabulous experiences and will become beautiful memories, and might be remembered as 'the time of my life' in the future. But that is all. I cannot find the real confrontation with life or herself. There are only impressions and sentiments as a traveler and a list of exotic experiences.<br/><br/>Maybe I expected too much. But I believe the lack of 'sincerity' made me bored. It's nice to see Julia Roberts back on the screen in a leading role, but Eat Pray Love isn't a very good vehicle for her. The film is very predictable, and Roberts doesn't make much out of the already mediocre material. Javier Bardem is the only actor who comes off well, but it's disappointing to see his good work wasted in a film where everything all around him is second-rate. I also agree with the people who find the film's attitude towards other countries and other cultures a bit ludicrous: in this movie, the whole world seems to exist merely to feed the main character's narcissism and to help her come to a series of wholly self-absorbed revelations about herself. None of this would matter much if the film was funny or moving or worked on its own terms, but it doesn't, and I came out of it feeling not merely disappointed but a little depressed. There were complex issues here in this film but the way they were presented it's hard for you to address them let alone feel sorry for the main character, Liz (played by Julia Roberts). The film was good in some parts and not so good in others. I was going to give it 7 stars but the movie fell apart towards the ending. I also hated the fact that the minute Javier Bardem showed up the film started to feel like 'Vicky Cristina Barcelona'. He's a full fledged actor who needs to stop accepting tacky barely-there supporting roles. I was almost embarrassed for him. Roberts on the other had did a good job. The best parts were in the beginning with the NYC Sex and the City bits and when Liz went to Rome. Following a steady stream of super heroes, talking animals, and just plain stupid movies like "Inviction" - finally we get a highly original movie for us grown-ups to enjoy. I don't intend to nit-pick, nor will I over-praise, "Eat Pray Love" is a fine movie, but not outstanding.<br/><br/>In her quest for self-renewal, the Julia Roberts character doesn't just visit Italy, India and Bali; she immerses herself in the population and stays long enough to absorb things. There's only one scene where anyone uses a camera, two hours into the movie, and only one cell phone call. Liberals expecting to enjoy this film are warned there are two prayer scenes (per the title) and they are Christian, not Muslim.<br/><br/>Too many current movies are too long, but in this case the film lasts long enough to tell the story (135 minutes) and that's not excess.<br/><br/>Count your blessings and give this grown-up theme movie a look. We aren't likely to see another adult film this year.<br/><br/>PS: We went across town to see this at Washington DC's classic 1926 movie theater, The Avalon, a fine place for a movie and a welcome relief from the multi-plex's. Washington still has two fine theaters, the Avalon and the Uptown. I was already warned that the book is self indulgent and whiny and perhaps that is why I wasn't as "disappointed" as other viewers.<br/><br/>I thought there were very good isolated performances by Billy Cudrup, James Franco, Richard Jenkins and Javier Bardem (for the most part), but as a whole story, this movie did not work.<br/><br/>Because Julia Robert's character, Liz, doesn't stay in one place too long, we don't really have enough time to invest in the characters that she meets in her path. Just when we are getting to know them, she "moves on".<br/><br/>One of the most sympathetic characters in this story is right in the beginning. Billy Cudrup plays Julia Robert's soon to be ex husband who has every right to be upset with her when she decides she wants a divorce. I found myself rooting for him, which is not a good sign for our supposed protagonist- Liz.<br/><br/>So from then on, I didn't like her very much. She rebounds immediately into relationship with an actor friend played by James Franco, who is super charming. But he is not good enough for her and she becomes too needy and leaves him.<br/><br/>She hops on a plane to Italy and eats a lot of food and buys bigger jeans. I found that part endearing, but not compelling. Then she goes to India and tries to find peace and runs into "Richard From Texas", played by Richard Jenkins, who is a great actor and does the best he can with the script he has been given. During one of his moving monologues, I just kept thinking, "I like this as an isolated performance, but it doesn't fit the pace of the movie." <br/><br/>Then she saunters off to Bali and eventually meets Javier Bardem and at first I really liked him. But it doesn't take long until he starts emotionally dumping on her as well and sheds a tear.<br/><br/>I kept waiting for one of these characters to slap Liz in the face and tell her to go home and grow up, but there seemed to be no voice of reason. Only emotion. I think Richard from Texas attempted to be this voice in her life, but his advice feels empty.<br/><br/>My favorite part of the movie is when Liz finally tells Bardem's character that she "doesn't need to love him first before she can love herself." I thought, "yes, she is starting to get it!" But then what does she do? She takes off on a boat with him in the end. WHY? Her character had just said earlier in the movie that she has "been in relationships since she was 15 years old and has never really been alone". Well, honey, now is your chance and you still ended up with a man.<br/><br/>Liberating? Enlightening? Amazing? Not at all.<br/><br/>At least the acting was good. The individuals watching the movie with me did enjoy it. However, having read the book, I expected so much more from the movie. The intensity of feelings, emotions, and experiences occurring over a one year period was not adequately captured in two hours.<br/><br/>Positive elements: as always, Julia gave a wonderful performance. The movie was thought provoking and provided for lively discussion afterward.<br/><br/>Negative elements: the screenplay was lacking. Filmed in India, Italy, and Bali, I expected so much more from the cinematography. Personally, I wanted to feel that I had been to these locations. Overall, it was long and I was ready to leave, never felt an emotional connection.<br/><br/>Much prefer 'Under the Tuscan Sun'. The book was everything and more. It was filled with love, passion, and emotion. It made me laugh, and brought me to tears...<br/><br/>But the movie...<br/><br/>Ehh...<br/><br/>It didn't live up to expectation. I love the whole concept, storyline, and Julia Roberts is great... but it didn't fill me up with the same emotions and have the captivating detail as the book. I mean, where's the action? Where's the 'doing?' Where are the breath-taking experiences that this movie lacks? I assume this is because Gilbert experienced everything in full... "color," or detail, but the movie was like a montage of the actual experience, and the whole thing is kind of... "forcefed," to you. Good movie, but not great. "Eat Pray Love", is of pretty thin substance for some of us real grown ups.<br/><br/>One wonders why Julia Roberts at 43 hasn't reached adult status as of yet, but maybe she will in a few years, a few more films ahead.<br/><br/>However I have to say some of the acting was better than expected and other parts including those with Bardem lacked any semblance of real or mature independence, but the whole subject matter and story reeks of immaturity. Speaking about her ex-husband, "We were immature and too young to get married and fell apart". Oh well. Traveling around the world to seek enlightenment and soul search ain't going to fix that Julia.<br/><br/>In this case the movie is actually childish when I'm looking for some solid content in a film rather than to see Julia's dependency, rebounding after her husband and, "fixing", herself in new relationships with at least two other men and a couple of, "could have beens". It's a bit disappointing to what the film might have been. None of it had to deal with emotional growth and Julia is too old to play little girl parts. The Neil Young tunes are always welcome but his wisdom expressed through his lyrics was far ahead of anything this movie offered.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the wonderful settings in Rome, India and Bali but I'm sorry, I'd recommend this to 15 year old girls as what not to become. In the U.S., such spiritual enlightenment as the film pretends to work up to is simply called maturity, and the film lacks this development. I'm a woman. A girl, really, but a woman in theory. I have the tendency to watch the occasional chick flick every other weekend, tearing up at the emotional climaxes and swooning at the handsome faces bobbing inside my television screen. Eat, Pray, Love is one of those films; there are a lot of pretty faces and many, many internal monologues illuminating some new truth Gilbert (a charming-as-ever Julia Roberts) uncovers from beneath layers of oppressing bitterness and lack of self love. <br/><br/>This isn't a movie for men. This also isn't a movie for those who hate New Age spiritual fluff. This a movie for women yearning for something...else. <br/><br/>Ryan Murphy, creator of Glee, does a fine job helming this globe spanning film and he makes a clean picture filled with the best images each locale had to offer. It's an enjoyable experience tromping along with a breathtakingly gorgeous Roberts and imaging what that pizza in Italy really tastes like. There is nothing wrong with the visual aspects of the movie; it pulls that old, youthful desire to travel back to the surface, which is why I suppose those Eat, Pray, Love vacation packs are doing so well. There is also not much wrong on the acting front. <br/><br/>As aforementioned, Roberts is graceful and pleasant. Billy Crudup is sympathetic as the abandoned husband. James Franco spends some time on screen as the first actor boyfriend; then comes a whole Italian crew of characters all wonderfully warm and inviting. Richard Jenkins plays another lost soul finding himself in India, and he's great. Finally, as Gilbert's true love, Felipe, Javier Bardem oozes quite, masculine sex appeal that is completely alluring. <br/><br/>What is bothersome about Eat... is first, the length, and second, the camouflaged selfishness of the messages. The movie is incredibly long and could have benefited from some straightforward editing. There was a large amount of fluff that should have been left on the cutting room floor. Then there is the fact that most of the script (and I presume the book, though I have heard what I'm about to talk about comes across more eloquently in the book vs. the movie) is a long, self-consumed ramble. The movie tries to push the idea that self forgiveness is equal to forgiveness from others. <br/><br/>Gilbert struggles with loving herself again, and loving her life, but in the same breath it must be acknowledged that on some level she is running away from it . Halfway in, you're shaking your head, whispering to yourself, 'Get over it.' <br/><br/>http://newspaper.neisd.net/lee/2010/09/21/review-eat-pray-love/ I did not expect much from this movie, but certainly something more, at least not so much clichè, and lack of substance. The dissatisfied married woman who decides to take on a journey, to discover herself, God, happiness... really appears as banal, in the way this journey develops and her inner evolution happens, if it does. First step: Italy, a country still attached to the clichè of pasta, joie de vivre and "dolce far niente", intolerable for any Italian viewer, who perfects knows that that image is at least out of fashion, not to say unreal and annoying. Second step: India, of course the country of spirituality, where praying and feeling God becomes as easy as eating a plate of pasta. Third step: Bali, where of course a handsome and charming Javier Bardem is there to make you believe in love, true love obviously, again. In the end does this woman (a lucky one, indeed, since if every dissatisfied woman could have the chance to travel around the world for one year, the whole world would probably be a female travelling world!) get to find a meaning, a sense in her life? I could not really perceive any real personal inner development, and no emotional involvement, in the end she appears as the same as in the beginning of the movie, only with some experience in her baggage, but with no significant evolution. I think the greatest limit lies in keeping attached to a stereotyped vision of some parts of the world, without trying to offer a more realistic, at least from an introspective point of view, and more convincing vision of how one may really experience the world and be changed by it. Really disappointing. Wait for DVD My Critical Perspective: C- Personal Perspective: D- <br/><br/>A story about a middle aged woman named Elizabeth (Liz) Gilbert that is having an internal struggle with her self and her life plan. Liz Gilbert played by Julia Roberts embarks on a journey of self-discovery in order to find inner peace and true happiness and most importantly love in her life? (Hasn't she already found love?) In order to do this she goes through three different stages (Eat, Pray, Love) in three different cities to find herself.<br/><br/>The Good: The acting in the film is very good especially by the supporting male cast, including Billy Crudup (Stephen), James Franco (David), Richard Jenkins (Richard) and Javier Bardem (Filipe). Each one of them is a male influence on Liz Gilbert's life respectively starting with Billy Crudup and ending with Javier Bardem. Richard Jenkins is especially good and definitely should not be overlooked. Another plus is the beautiful scenery throughout the film. The film captures the countries of Italy and India majestically.<br/><br/>The Bad: I did not read the book and without the knowledge from the book that Liz is actually in a serious state of depression, Julia Roberts's portrayal of Liz just seems like a stuck up annoying brat. She has it all a husband that loves her, a job, a house, etc. Contrary to what most summaries of the film say it is not a painful divorce. Her marriage is strong she just decides to through it all away. Also, when she starts her journey she seems to have an endless supply of money and lives like a princess. (In other words she didn't give up everything) Julia Roberts acts way over the top and even at the end of the film when she has found love again she seems like a selfish empty shell. Her three love interests in the film treat her right, but she does not seem to want to reciprocate and blames this on them. The Romance flick overstays its welcome with its 135-minute entirety and seems as if it should have ended 45 minutes earlier.<br/><br/>Final Thought: As a film Eat Pray Love just isn't very good. It goes way over the top and is a self-absorbed romance failure. However, if you are a Julia Roberts fan you may get more out of the film than I did because this is a role Julia Roberts seems to come back to over and over again. Even with the rich male performances I do not recommend seeing this film in theaters because once you add the 15 minutes of previews onto the 135 minutes you are going to be sitting through a two and a half hour film. Therefore, if you really want to see it Wait for DVD. That pretty much is the crux of the film, though some soul-searching stuff happens in between like yoga, eating pasta, and going to a shrink. Actually I saw this movie on the plane to Cairo to go on a similar adventure as a woman in her early 40s, and it was comforting in that sense, but something about Julia's perfect Hollywood face and the fact that every guy wants to sleep with her in this movie became annoying. Read what happened to the real life Liz for an unexpected plot twist. Just watch it once if you felt the book is good , otherwise it would be boring stuff.<br/><br/>
She wanted to explore the art of pleasure in Italy , art of devotion in India , and in Indonesia , the art of balancing the two..and the coincidence that all these countries begin with letter I.. a fairy auspicious sign of voyage of self discovery (I)
While she was in Italy the whole society seems like conspiring to teach her Italian..and then she knew that she wasn't the best traveler as she had met many great explorers , the real naturals . Who are so physically sturdy that they could drink a shoebox of water from a Calcutta gutter and never get sick. People who can pick up new languages where others of us might only pick up infectious diseases. Dante for Italy , the Italian language as Shakespeare for English in England. The cat and mouse game between depression and loneliness while she sat alone watching the sun set at Italy. I saw so many bad comments that I felt obliged to write a comment. Most of the people think that you have no right to feel unhappy or not yourself when you have a husband and a house and a good job... when you fit in the norm of "successful people" ! Most of the comments I saw were : Selfish girl ! why ? If you want to love others, and it's not a stupid quote, you really should know a little yourself and love yourself as you are... Otherwise, when you are unable to know the meaning of love toward yourself, you can't share it !<br/><br/>Many people are depressed and they even feel guilty and go to their psychologist to find out why they feel so empty while they have everything other people want to have ! and here we are, in a society that most of the people are depressed ! This is not the real life for many people. You feel empty as she said, she doesn't enjoy little things of life, she doesn't enjoy eating, she take care of what she eats to keep a nice body that fit in the "norms" of the society she lives in. <br/><br/>So she try to find herself and once she found herself and enjoy little things, she is scared that someone come and take all this out of her !<br/><br/>This movie is about learning to love yourself, what really moves you, what is deep inside you, forgive yourself and accept your defects and fears...<br/><br/>I really didn't expect to see such a movie with Julia Roberts. I didn't expect that it could moves me on. I didn't even expect that it could wake me up at some point. I maybe found the eating part too long but at the end you understand why... <br/><br/>I wouldn't say the picture was perfect, but as the movie teach you, nothing is perfect and nobody should look for it, just to feel things with your heart ! <br/><br/>This movie, really, opened my eyes again and it was perfect at a moment that you are in a process to leave everything you have to start a new life that is really for you... Though the movie was quite enjoyable and entertaining, as an Italian- American, I feel as though this movie didn't accurately portray modern Italy. First of all, Italians don't always think about food or eating, even though they do have the best food. Secondly, we do shower and actually use water and soap when we bathe; the lady in the movie makes it seem like Italians are dirty people even though hygiene is actually extremely important to every Italian (ever heard of bidets? Probably not since Americans don't even use them). Nevertheless, I'm still so proud to be an American and love this country dearly but my Italian grandfather would have been offended by this movie. This film is probably one of the worst I've seen for a long time. It was difficult even to get into the story at the beginning and I still haven't understood why she left her husband. The desire for a baby maybe, who knows.<br/><br/>Italy is depicted in a completely unrealistic way-since when do Italians boil the kettle to fill up a tub? This is entirely the image that the Americans have of Italy, backwards and noisy but romantic at the same time, a country that spends its time eating and sipping red wine.I live in Italy and nothing is further away from the truth.India and Bali seemed also far from realistic. The film was slow and boring, the plot ridiculous and patronizing. I certainly wouldn't recommend it. I wonder just how many will feel inspired to just drop everything and go on a similar one year sabbatical to eat, pray and love, basically following writer Elizabeth Gilbert's autobiographical footsteps to discover oneself once more, and in the process rediscover life's little wonders away from the hustle and bustle of mediocrity and expectations, to cop out in a certain way and escape from it all, hopefully to emerge stronger than before. The premise is undoubtedly sexy, since if one person can do so and write about it, surely more can follow for that rare experience to be gained?<br/><br/>Julia Roberts plays yet another real life person in a bio-pic, where her Liz Gilbert reels from a broken, frustrated marriage, and is drained from rote and routine. She falls into the inevitable rebound, from breaking the heart of her estranged husband (Billy Crudup) and into the arms of an aspiring actor many years younger (James Franco), before deciding to go on a quest of self-healing, picking three countries almost at random to do what she wants to do, and that's Italy for pizza to reclaim her appetite, India to visit the guru whose teachings she had adopted, and then finally to Indonesia's Bali to revisit a medicine man called Ketut (Hadi Subiyanto) whom we meet at the start of the film, and bookends the story.<br/><br/>In effect, this film warns against obsession, and preaches that in life it's the natural balance that we seek. In essence it's a reminder to enjoy life's simple pleasures and not overindulge, because that will just make one sick of something, be it food or even from the person we love. It's almost metaphorical in the way how the title comes together, where we follow her Italian food binging from the margarita pizzas and the pastas, to being almost fanatical in her spiritual quest in India being amongst like-minded folks, before Love takes over to throw everything out the window, because that's what Love, being irrational that it is, does best.<br/><br/>Eat, Pray, Love becomes a travelogue of sorts unfortunately with how the exotic locales got shot for the film. I haven't been in India yet, but whatever transpired in Italy I can attest to the same, especially with the wonderful gastronomical delights, the comical way the language gets perceived, and especially how even when armed with a map, it's easy to get lost because the roads both major and minor aren't that easy to follow with that distinct lack of directional road signs. But that's all part of the fun I guess, when one is looking out for adventure into the unexpected. Bali is wonderful as well with its beaches and culture, and I sure would like to stay where Liz stayed in a resort-like, idyllic environment, kicking back and taking things easy.<br/><br/>Think of this film as three shorts being put together where Liz encounters people who will go on to shaper her perception of life and to give advice. This naturally mirrors how we go through life as well, where people hopefully with good intent walk in and provide us that glimpse of a facade we never knew we had it in us, or to bring out some of the best that we possess, or even being able to stop us in our tracks for self-reflection. These are peppered throughout the narrative and as you navigate through the story, which I have to admit does become long drawn out at some points quite unnecessarily. Fortunately we have the photogenic Julia Roberts as company, and we follow her through her character's moment of glum to happiness, with plenty of girly emotions thrown in to mix things up as well.<br/><br/>Especially when the topic of Love comes rolling along, in the form of Brazilian Felipe (played by Spanish actor Javier Bardem), where it dwells with Fear, where earlier in the film we learn of one character's fear in losing someone, but here it becomes a stumbling block to regain confidence and trust to get into another new relationship and to learn to love someone else back again. It's never easy of course, if you share similar experience, and it takes courage to take that leap of faith. Yes, this is that kind of film where picturesque locations are abound, and balanced with some chick flick sensibilities that just leaps out at you.<br/><br/>Going by the response in the theatres, I'm pretty sure Julia Roberts still has that box office clout to pull in the crowds, and I'm already wondering how the countries featured in the film will gain from a probable increase in tourist numbers from this side of the world. Now where should I go to get my batteries recharged in the same manner? This is one of the worst films I ever saw! It looks like the most expensive travel-home-video ever, mixed with some breaks in commercial-style, only that they forgot to name the product. There is not even one original idea to tell Lizs story, there's not even one idea to set landscapes, towns and characters in a proper frame: it's all just supposed to look good. It's maybe the material's fault, but the editing is a mess too, lacks of rhythm, tension, sense. The soundtrack is as superficial as an average radio-airplay. The only thing I liked again, is about Julia Roberts. No Hollywood-Star has the bravery to look so damaged, poor, hopelessly alone like her. She gives the film a slight chance of honesty, ten minutes long. the rest is 130 minutes of nothing. The original story happened in Israel, Italy and India by Liz Gilbert, not the one picture on the sleeve of the book. The true story couldn't be more further from the truth. Here is a woman who took off on her husband and child on long distance booty calls with the idea to write a book called Kiss F*ck Sleep. Many of the references in the book were stolen from the men she slept with and this movie is launched off the faith and belief of thousands who believe it to be true. <br/><br/>The ultimate irony is that the movie claims to be a spiritual journey when in reality the REAL Liz Gilbert was doing anything humanly possible to get away from that place. She bravely did go one those ventures but when Israel was not politically good to put in the book she deconstructed the original and reassembled this pack of lies.<br/><br/>Summary: Nobody does ANY fact checking in the publishing business. Pretentious and whiny, "Eat, Pray, Love" ventures into the area of really grating and annoying. It runs a tiresome 142 min or so and feels even longer. At the center, we have a tired looking and most likely misplaced-cast Julia Roberts. As in some of her other movies, she does well enough with more competent actors, but surround her with a group of less-than-talented supporting actors, and the movie reels - this time it's the Italy scenes and actors - a baked up batch of turd scenes with her learning Italian and going out with Italians - unbelievable and vapid. Not much better is the preceding tripe in New York working out clichéd relationships. It takes the movie over an hour to gain some footing, and by that time it was too late for me - didn't care. And let me add, why is it that through all her days of travel - supposedly months we never once see Roberts in the same attire?! Totally unconvincing. Accompanying music is totally overcooked or misplaced, and narration with self-pity putrid. This movie has major problems. I'd like to start of by saying that I'm not really a romcom fan.<br/><br/>This movie was just annoying. From the beginning to the end, I found it really unrealistic. Liz's character was completely self centred and blind to all the things she had.<br/><br/>As a traveller I can say that her experience was too easy... everywhere she went, people spoke English (rarely the case) and knew all about the States and had a sort of admiration for her being from New York. It seems like she always had this sort of special treatment, the people she met opened up to her instantly, cared for her and invited her into their happy, upbeat lives. Honestly, if I'd met her on one of my travels, I would have told her to snap out of it. She was always sulking, a complete downer and simply 'creating drama'. <br/><br/>I wouldn't recommend this movie. It was rubbish. Liz is unhappy. And that takes some doing, considering she has a handsome husband, an exciting job as a writer, and plenty of money. But, feeling bored and unfulfilled, she leaves her husband to eat, pray, and love her way around the world, spending time in Italy, India, and Bali.<br/><br/>I couldn't relate to Liz (Julia Roberts) at all. She was miserable having a life most people dream about. Her search for "balance" consisted of a series of love affairs. Even Julia's dazzling smile couldn't win me over; I had a hard time staying awake (but at least I didn't fall asleep and snore for the last hour like someone behind me). Liz was filled with inner turmoil but I just didn't care.<br/><br/>The photography bothered me, too. The colors weren't clear, but had a warm, unnatural tone that always made her hair look greasy. I thought the movie was too long and many of the accents were hard to understand. And since it's based on a memoir, I would have liked to see an epilogue telling us how Liz is doing now - and with whom.<br/><br/>Recommended only for fans of the book. I had zero background knowledge about this movie/storyline and ended up watching it after running out of viable movie options on successive long-haul flights. <br/><br/>There is something fundamentally missing in the movie storyline - why is Liz - the main character - just not feeling anything!? Without that explanation at the onset and nowhere within the storyline we are left with a excesively trite narrative following a protagonist with borderline sociopathic disorder traveling around the world trying to - however - never succeeding in figuring out her core issue.<br/><br/>Some user reviews mention that the book provides concrete insight in the underlying context of Liz's issue which would change the entire tone/point of the storyline. I wonder whether that was deliberately excluded from the movie in order to manipulate a polarizing interpretation. <br/><br/>Whatever the intent may have been - the final theatrical storyline has very few redeeming qualities, comes across as contrived, disingenious and - bottom line - is just not entertaining. As someone who's had phases of depression from anxiety issues about myself being on the autistic spectrum and also from phases of bipolar, I heard about Gilbert's travel book when it first came out and thought the idea of trying to cure anxiety and depression through seeing new places and re-appreciating life and such was worth it, although I've found a lot of healing has to come from within not from fancy travels to new places that make you 'spiritual' and such.<br/><br/>When I saw the movie, I found the fictionalised Liz someone very difficult to empathise with and I did feel a lot of her problems and bemoaning were selfish. Also the attempt to travel requires a lot of money and most of us suffering in the world, hardly have the cash just to take a trip to supposedly heal the problem.<br/><br/>If you want to hear of experiences about getting rid of self-loathing and finding oneself read 'Getting a Grip' by Monica Seles, a far more inspiring and helpful text based on real life and serious struggles; if you want to watch a travel movie then this is fine enough to watch. I'm doing Southeast Asia studies at university at the moment so Bali was the main thing I wanted to see in this film. An otherwise brilliant actress, Julia Roberts, fails to act out the ideas of rediscovering oneself convincingly.<br/><br/>It was good evening at the cinema seeing it but I think as regards getting it on DVD now, it's one to rent not to buy, unless you get it really cheaply. I guess it's just a chick flick and meant to be a light movie so maybe my review is tearing it apart because I expected something more serious. It's a thin line between "self-aware" and "self-involved" and it's one the movie treads uncertainly.<br/><br/>The sometimes vague adaptation may leave casual viewers wondering just what was so terrible about Roberts' marriage to dilettantish (but devoted) Billy Crudup. Or how anyone can afford to take off an entire year and simply travel the world. For a spiritual story, there seems to be an awful lot of self-indulgence and privilege.<br/><br/>Is it "Eat Pray Spend"? Maybe just a bit, but at least the pensione Roberts stays in is run-down, and while she seems to have fit a lot of clothes into her limited luggage, there's no obvious fashion porn. This spiritual quest isn't "The Razor's Edge," sadly, but neither is it "Sex and the City 3." (Roberts' flat, worn sandals almost function as a silent rebuke to Sarah Jessica Parker's Manolos.) The best parts of the film, though, are clearly the "Eat" and the "Love." The first third is a virtual advertisement for Rome and its food, full of gorgeous cinematography by Robert Richardson (a regular recent collaborator with Martin Scorsese and Quentin Tarantino). The ancient ruins never looked more alive, the lifestyle never more irresistible.<br/><br/>And in the third and final section, at last the movie moves into the romantic genre it has been avoiding (and its audience has been wishing for) all along. Bardem shows up as an ex-pat Brazilian, sambas start on the soundtrack, and finally he takes Roberts' hand and murmurs, "It's time." And throughout the theater women murmur, "It sure is." Bardem is effortlessly charming and nicely commanding (in what, in romantic dramas, is typically a thankless, objectified role). In fact, all the male performers are very good. (Richard Jenkins has a standout scene as a fellow seeker in India.) Even Roberts, who so often projects mere impatient superiority, rediscovers an on-screen vulnerability.<br/><br/>Of course, some on-screen selflessness would have helped here, too — finding meaning by working in some homegrown charity, perhaps, instead of working on her own bliss in some far-flung country. But, then, this film is Gilbert's book, and Gilbert's book is her life. Eat Pray Love, the new romantic comedy from Julia Roberts, has received a lot of panning from critics and audiences alike, which, incidentally, led to the diminution of my expectations. I went in not to my own accord; however, I wasn't against it; I wanted to see just how bad it is. Thing is: EPL doesn't deserve all of the negative reviews; however, that doesn't necessarily mean that it is any good.<br/><br/>EPL follows a year of the life of Liz, a married woman who,out of the blue, suddenly realizes she's not happy with her marriage. As a result, she leaves her loyal and caring husband, and travels to Italy, India, and Balhi in order for her to dig deep into her soul, discover her purpose in life, and eat,pray, and fall in love. (hence, the title.) Yes, this woman is shallow. Very shallow. But, i'll start off talking about the positive characteristics of this film.<br/><br/>I have always been keen on traveling to Italy and India, and this film got me even more hyped-up about it! The scenery is breath-taking; the lustrous Rome and exotic India are awe-inspiring, to say the least! The food is mouth-watering! In addition, the Pray part, which is set in India, is very informative. The film shines in these 2 parts, and they set it apart (temporarily) from other banal chick flicks.<br/><br/>Production-wise, this film is perfect!The bravura cinematography is breathtaking (especially during close-ups of the food!). The editing is pretty good, as well. Roberts portrays her not-so-lovable character pretty well! Jenkins' performance is commendable as well.<br/><br/>However, the film wobbles at the start and by the end. When you first meet Liz, it's very hard to sympathize with her; she's a woman who had it all-money, looks, a great husband- yet she wasn't satisfied which set in motion a series of events leading her to breaking the heart of her loyal husband. When you can't relate to the main character, this is obviously an issue with the film-makers! The film is shallow! And, not to spoil things but it's obvious from the title, in the end, it takes a very clichéd route.<br/><br/>The problem with Eat Pray Love isn't with the cast crew who have done a pretty praise-worthy job, for the most part; it lies within the very same reason this film was made; the true life of Liz. This movie is worth watching for the travel but the story isn't really that interesting or enjoyable.<br/><br/>The main character Liz is not very likable. Don't quite see why she left her husband except she fell out of love with him. Needed a clearer explanation as to why the marriage broke up. So she needs to eat in Italy and then later she feels guilty, forgives herself in India and learns to love again in Bali. But why the angst and what did she really learn in all the places isn't that clear.<br/><br/>Casting wasn't ideal. Julia is a bit haggard for the role. She does the sad aspects quite well and still has the infectious laughter but she looked to drawn and old for the romantic parts of the movie. Liz was supposed to be in her 30s. Javier Bardem was a bit too ugly for the ultimate love interest. He is more of a character actor. The other men in her life were OK like James Franco and Billy Crudup.<br/><br/>The travelogue aspect is well done. They didn't concentrate on the pretty parts of the countries instead you get the filth and mosquitoes of India, the flavors and splendid decay of Rome, and the spiritual beauty of Bali.<br/><br/>The lighter comical moments in Rome with language and eating pizza etc are the highlights. There isn't enough wit humor or wisdom to sustain the movie. <br/><br/>Overall the travel is fascinating but the story is not that enjoyable because the dialog isn't meaningful and the character of Liz is selfish and me me me. Enjoyed Under the Tuscan Sun much more. From watching the trailer, it was my understanding that this movie would be about a woman's existential angst and her journey of finding an inner peace. I was somewhat skeptical about it. I read the reviews on this site and was not surprised that it received mostly bad ones. However, I decided to give it a go. To be honest, I was not aiming to be inspired or anything like that. It was a case of wanting to see it for myself and judge.<br/><br/>2 and a half hours later, I found myself tolerating it well. I could imagine people rolling their eyes or even disliking Julia Robert's character for divorcing her hottie husband without any significant reason. I think if the relationship between the two was explained better, we would at least try to sympathize with her anxieties. Then again, that would make the movie even longer!!!! <br/><br/>I could bypass the bumper sticker lines and the long winded all-about-me-narcissism (not that there was anything wrong about it - this movie was suppose to be about her!) only because of the ending. Javier Bradem! He sure did save this movie. One of the hottest most amazing actors on movie screen today. Call me shallow, he was so good, I swooned. I'd already heard reviews about this film saying it wasn't very good and i did warn the people i went with but they insisted we should go.<br/><br/>By the end, the wished they had listened to me.<br/><br/>The first hour, when Julia Roberts is roaming around Italy was actually very good. The way she picks up the language and is soaking in the culture brought a warmth to the film. However, once she left it just went downhill.<br/><br/>Fair enough she is meant to be going through a very troublesome time, but this film just dragged on and on and on after the first hour! I can't believe it was on for 2 hours and 20 minutes! I think they should have cut out a large chunk of the part from when she visited the meditation temple location as, to be honest, didn't really do anything for the storyline.<br/><br/>The only good thing about the second half was the part where she emailed all her friends to ask for donations rather than Christmas presents which was quite touching. Apart from that, I was close to sleep.<br/><br/>This is one of the only films I've actually almost walked out of near the end due to boredom. "Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience." Sir Francis Bacon <br/><br/>Liz Gilbert (Julia Roberts) travels to Italy for 4 months and eats, India 4 months and prays, and finally puts the two experiences together in Bali and loves. Based on Gilbert's 150 week New York Times best-selling memoir, this travel romance is slow going largely due to the intrusion of voice over narration and director Ryan Murphy's love affair with Julia's face, which has the most close-ups so far this year. Because Liz is "finding herself," as they say, I suppose such languid reflection is necessary.<br/><br/>Not having read the book, I can only speculate that it moved faster than the film. Liz's attempt to find herself after a failed marriage and subsequent love affair is the stuff of romantic clichés, as if a beautiful woman will have any trouble connecting romantically anywhere in the world if she looks like Julia Roberts and is an accomplished writer besides. But then the real point is to eschew the normal entanglements, which Liz mostly does. While the ending is more traditional than feminist spirited, it gets points for trying to present a strong front against stock responses of a lonely woman who "needs a man" as they say.<br/><br/>Happily the film includes Richard Jenkins as Richard from Texas, another lost soul in India; his portrayal is honest and truly heart-breaking as he reveals his family loss from his mistake. He must, like Liz, discover truths inside himself and ultimately forgive himself.<br/><br/>The film confirms the most basic lesson of moralized tales about lost love: Give love and it will find you again, especially if you confirm the value of familial love. Roberts seems lost in the role herself as if she were trying to find the character while the character is trying to find herself. I suppose feminists will be happy with the independent roaming Liz but not particularly pleased that it aims to be validated by the love of a man. They should have stopped at the family. Lesson learned and a long lesson that turns out to be. I think if I saw the movie before I read the book, I might have given this a higher rating. What was missing for me was the "Religion" side in the movie. This was a pretty strong topic in the book...I was really disappointed at how the movie just glossed over all of the important information about all of the different religions and practices. What was most fulfilling about the book, was that it also was a history lesson about other cultures and religions, but with the touch of Elizabth's foul language and personality. The movie also didn't explain Liz's REASONS why she wanted to get a divorce, or why she wanted to break the relationship with David. <br/><br/>Another disappointment for me was the character portrayal of "Richard from Texas". In the book, he came across as a very southern personality, and very rough around the edges. Richard Jenkins just didn't do it for me. The only part that he did well was, the "groceries" part..other then that Richard wasn't portrayed very well..and that scene with him and Liz on the rooftop just didn't make sense. It was just weird. <br/><br/>All and all, a good chick flick, but the book to movie version was dumbed down to meet Hollywood's expectations. 'EAT PRAY LOVE': Two Stars (Out of Five) <br/><br/>Julia Roberts stars in this over blown chick flick based on the popular book by Elizabeth Gilbert (which she based on her memoir). I hope the book is much better than the movie because the film is a mess! It's directed by Ryan Murphy (who is a regular producer, director and writer of the popular TV series 'GLEE'). It's co-written by Murphy and Jennifer Salt (another TV vet; an actress and a regular producer / writer of the show 'NIP/TUCK'). The two should stick to TV because if the book is good at all they certainly botched up the movie. Julia Roberts should receive a lot of the blame as well though. Her acting is overdone and she hasn't been more annoying since 'MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING'. If she was serious about the role she also would have put on some weight like it seemed the role should have required. Roberts has talent she just wastes it on movies like this. She hasn't starred in a romantic comedy in several years, choosing to do more serious work instead and rightfully so. She can be good in the right role and this is not it.<br/><br/>Roberts plays Gilbert a woman who has everything she ever wanted but is bored, confused and craving adventure. She suddenly decides one day to dump her loving husband (played by Billy Crudup) and immediately jumps to another guy she can use and discard (played by James Franco). Then she decides to leave the country and go on a mission of self discovery. She travels to Italy, India and Bali and learns the power of eating, praying and supposed true love. There is a tacked on thirty minute romance at the last run of the movie with Oscar winner Javier Bardem. Bardem is brilliant in the movie but the romance is not believable and unnecessary. There's no reason to believe that this man is any more her true love than her husband or previous boyfriend.<br/><br/>The movie is overblown and exhausting; it has moments but it's way too long and boring. The supporting cast is mostly impressive (especially Bardem, Franco and Richard Jenkins in another key role) but Roberts performance is pretty bad. Her character is so unlikeable that I really wanted to walk out on the movie until late in the second act. Her character does learn a little and start to grow but not enough. The movie is kind of insulting to women if she's supposed to represent the average modern woman. The directing is somewhat impressive from time to time and the scenery is beautiful but the writing is so bad that it really drags the movie down. The movie isn't all horrible thanks to all the talent and money that went into it but it's still extremely disappointing. One you can definitely skip.<br/><br/>Watch our review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVckRO-OANw I recently finished watching the movie EAT PRAY LOVE, based on the best selling novel/memoir about a woman who sets out to find herself in three different countries. The idea sounds pretentious. I haven't read the book, so I don't know whether the movie is a proper reflection of the book. To start, I found myself forgetting that this movie was based on a book in the first place. The way it all happened, the order of the scenes, the way they were executed, the people Liz (Julia Roberts) meets on her journeys and the things she sees seems very unrealistic. I forgot that this was an actual book written by someone who experienced all those things and not just a Hollywood picture and I began to believe that it was something that a producer had pulled out of his ass and put on paper. The whole thing was pretentious. Again, I don't know whether it was a proper representation of the original memoir, but I was incredibly annoyed by the whole inner strength and self forgiveness and love thing that Julia Roberts was going for. Roberts, as beautiful and as charming as ever, always spoke in motivational speeches- don't be fooled by it. The dialogue was shallow and whiny and did not grab my attention at the beginning nor later. The only bits I found enjoyable were the ones with Javier Bardem, (the always handsome) and to say in the least this is not his best work. One pro I found was the beautiful cinematography. The landscapes are amazing. It's too bad that the shots were clouded by bad dialogue, somewhat entertaining acting, and annoying themes. LOL!! "I'm OK You're OK" - Hug-HUG! <br/><br/>Perhaps the many people who did not like this boring film truly understand pain & joy as well as spiritual growth - enlightenment and have been working towards it for a long time..... I mean a hit of Owsley would enlighten these clueless people, ten fold - but acid we found just opened the door, one still has to walk through it and continue to open more doors which leads to the many more doors of self growth. - mostly it's painful, it's a long never ending road. But who doesn't know this? So of course many are blown away at the shallowness of this movie trying to show them the fun excitement & romance spiritual growth is suppose to be sure it;s looks beautiful & seductive in this ridiculous film - It's like watching an infomercial....Get your spirituality and enlightenment NOW for three payments of $9.99 (or by watching this 2 1/2 hour silly naive movie) - This movie is so incredibly shallow with it's bits & pieces of eastern philosophy thrown in, however, the truly lost will see it as heavy, oh what a deep message this movie has and people who didn't like it just didn't get it darn it (stamping their feet) and they just don't understand "pop" spirituality.....Duh.....No, many have gone through these thoughts & feelings light years ago they see the inter phoniness of this movie, to the unaware the movie seems new and so soulful....LOL Who hasn't gone though the pain of self growth knowing the ONLY way to truly grow is through the pain and opening up of ones self to honest real feelings, it's a lifetime of hard work of awareness and honesty with ones self. - who's not aware of this? This comic book of a movie approach offering only airhead pretentiousness while this Liz(Roberts)character is an extremely selfish, whining self-absorbed, self-obsessed human being, expecting everything from everyone and to understand & agree with her side how she sees things but gives nothing of herself in return you know...."do as I say not as I do" and she never really does, right up to the Cinderella ending... .... and if this "speaks" to you.....WOW! Do you have a long journey ahead of yourself with nowhere near enough time.......<br/><br/>This movie is laughable and manipulating and Roberts is constantly trying to be so....oh, just so endearing and quirky....so cutesy, exactly like the bubble-heads with no direction (or personality) want to be like and will use Roberts as their guide in life, who see deep meaning in the this appallingly shallow pretentious film - But to the shallow lost non thinking people this film will seem like a break through, fresh & new, enlightening to them.<br/><br/>Again, this is one selfish person, "Liz" - Of course it has a fairy tale silly idea of what enlightenment is and how to attain it..... that will be very attractive to those who want and expect the decadent music & happiness way to enlightenment as this soap opera movie offers with the usual Hollywood happy ending & self fulfillment because life always has happy endings - such shallow insights? What realization, huh, what a journey, what a joke!- No work necessary just believing ones grown & understand growth is enough for them -So much growth they can hardly recognize themselves- Hollywood "growth" - <br/><br/>Wake up - Get Real - Get in touch already!! This is right up there in the five worst movies I've ever seen. Elizabeth Gilbert has to be the most dysfunctional, scared-to-face-life-with-or-without-anyone, soulless person ever to walk the earth.<br/><br/>I can't believe people paid money to read this book/see this movie about her wandering around, hoping to meet someone to heal her all hurts, show her how to face life, how to grow up.<br/><br/>This movie should be a drinking game. Every time someone says "seeking truth" or "losing my balance"...you drink. Of course, then you'd only get through the first half hour of the movie...not a bad thought. I watched this movie sheerly because it appeared to be the only possibly worth while film on my Video On Demand service. (What does THAT tell you about the other movies available on the service?? 2010 was clearly a bad year for films).<br/><br/>That being said, I will admit that this is not the type of genre I watch, but I love to travel and thought it might pique my interest as a travelogue. <br/><br/>Boy was I wrong.<br/><br/>The first 45 minutes of the film, prior to the main character travelling to Italy was painfully bad. I found there was little if any valid excuses for Liz to suddenly feel massive dissatisfaction with her marriage, and similarly with her rebound boyfriend played by James Franco.<br/><br/>While I can understand Liz's need to travel before reaching a certain age, she seemed to find little satisfaction in any of her journeys through the entire film. I am not certain if the book was written this way intentionally or if this was just a miss on the director's part.<br/><br/>The worst part of the main character, Liz, is her constant obsession with men and relationships. In each location she travels to, her emotional unbalance or general unhappiness seems to stem from watching others in love, or refusing to let go emotionally of the men she so carelessly tossed away. The movie created a character who was so man- crazed that she required intensive psychotherapy, and it was hard to see her as anything other than a one dimensional character throughout the whole 2 1/2 hours of the film.<br/><br/>Truly, there were only two saving graces about this film; the director did a wonderful job of featuring Italian cuisine to the point where it would encourage anyone to travel abroad simply to get dinner. The other was Javier Bardem, who did a great job in the film, and came across as the only multi-dimensional person in the entire film.<br/><br/>In short, the movie misses on so many levels and is much longer than it needs to be. If you are going to watch it, keep the fast forward button handy. Have been reading other reviews and comments about this movie. At first, I thought it was just me not being in the right frame of mind when I started watching this show. However, after reading over 25 reviews, I am realizing that it is not just me. Everyone I talk to loves this movie. I don't get it. I kept falling asleep and Julia Roberts was annoying. I loved her in all of the other movies she has done. I just found this movie to be incredibly boring and I just did not get the story line. Maybe as one of the other reviewers said, I am just insensitive and don't do enough inner thinking. Whatever, the food in Italy looked delicious and the counties looked beautiful, and if I had Julia Roberts' money, I would be doing the same thing, travelling alone. Sorry, I guess I just don't get it! The movie had a slow pace,therefore a lot of people may not have enjoyed it so much.I don't mind watching such movies.I felt relaxed while watching it,there was no tension in the movie,so for a change one can pick this movie to watch.The story can be related to many people.I had visited India and Italy,that was the only reason why i decided to watch the film but a lot of scenes were dragged too long,the movie should have been at least 45 minutes less.It must have bored a lot of viewers since the rating for this movie is so low.But it's a remarkably beautiful movie if you are able to watch all of it,then it deserves a 7/10. One never will be fully satisfied. And it would be crazy if you would just lean back and not do anything. Of course the character at hand here, goes to extreme lengths (literally) to explore other things and find herself. The movie is split into three sections. And I can tell you, that it does feel long. Though I am only talking about the version shown in cinemas. Haven't seen the longer version available on DVD/Blu Ray, but I expect that to be even more feared by quite a few people.<br/><br/>Julias acting is flawless. But the story and her character feel pretentious. And we have to wait a long time until we find a character we care about. I think the book (haven't read it) and the movie tried to make you think about your own life. If it achieves that, then it did actually something. The question is, if you really have to watch the movie to get there. Eat Pray Love<br/><br/>Ding-ding-ding! What are three things you do at church: Eat McGriddles, Pray to Santa and make Love in the confessional.<br/><br/>Oops. Apparently this isn't a game show, but one woman's journey of self-discovery that finds her traveling the globe.<br/><br/>After her divorce, Elizabeth (Julia Roberts) decides she needs to find herself. In this case, however, "herself" happens to be eating in Italy, meditating in India and flirting in Bali.<br/><br/>At each of her destinations, Elizabeth ascertains a new life lesson from one of the men (James Franco, Richard Jenkins, Javier Bardem) she encounters along the way.<br/><br/>Based on the popular novel, Eat Pray Love is an overwrought production that caters to chick flick fans and the self-help crowd. Egocentric, placid and long-winded, Eat Pray Love is most peoples' life in a nutshell.<br/><br/>As for those who cannot afford a yearlong sabbatical to find themselves, dropping acid gets the same results. (Yellow Light) i am one of Julia fans but i am not sure what this movie is about very long boring movie it should be a title for a self help book, i mean where is the story what happen to liz to do all she did!!!! its really a strange bad movie also what a bout India what she did back there i think the author or producer is an Indian guy no questions ask :-) what makes me laugh is the guy who she met in India who was about to his son and he didn't so he wake up next morning and boom his wife lift all of us was thinking he killed him but when he said he went away cause he always go away while i am on home this is really weak all of all bad movie Eat Pray Love the movie was adapted from Elizabeth Gilbert's the bestselling book of the same name. There are lots of things to like about this movie. For instance the acting of Julia Roberts, Javier Bardem, Viola Davis and Richard Jenkins is impressively convincing, the message of the movie is on point and the visual landscape is breath taking. However, there is one big thing to dislike about this movie – it is slow, to the point of dragging at times. Although for this type of movie, one where the only action is that of internal growth, the slow pace is not completely unexpected. Fortunately, if the movie is considered in its entirety, the positives win out, but it's not the type of film many movie-goers will be eager to sit through again. Once is quite enough.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts plays Sara Gilbert a travel writer who suddenly realizes she is unhappy in the life she has built with her husband. The gnawing doubts, unfulfilled wishes and unanswered questions are suffocating her, a little bit each day. She knows she is missing something. She just doesn't know what. So she embarks on a year long journey of soul searching to find out. Her trip is inspired by a spiritually gifted man she visits in Bali who tells her of her future. Sara then sets out on a self fulfilling prophecy. She is not sure what she will find, but is sure she has to leave. <br/><br/>She spends time in Italy, India and finally returns to Bali. In each destination she learns a little bit more about herself, but the very first lesson she learns is that she has lost herself somewhere between being a daughter, always being someone's girlfriend and finally being someone's wife. <br/><br/>After traveling, learning and experiencing life in different parts of the world, she finds herself. It's all a bit of the "man behind the curtain" from the Wizard of Oz because the happiness, strength and love (Eat Pray Love) she needed to live her life was on the inside of her all the time – she just didn't know it. Her journey of self-discovery is complete. Old message. New twist.<br/><br/>As usually, most would confirm that the book was better than the movie. Perhaps. However, there was both laughter and tears in the mostly women theater audience. Viewers nudged each other during some scenes or made knowing eye contact during others. Sometimes the audience members just smiled while watching the movie. For some reason, we could relate. Maybe because at some point in our lives we all feel just a little lost and confused. <br/><br/>We get it, Dorothy. We're clicking our heels, too.<br/><br/>See it theaters or better yet, watch it on DVD with food and wine. I assumed the story of a woman seeking a new lease on life by spending a year of travel and exploration in Italy, India and Bali would have ample scenery and local color to ignite my natural wonder lust. However the movie conventions I usually adore, were just short of grating in "Eat, Pray, Love". Julia Roberts plays Liz Gilbert, a writer who goes through a vague and hazy sort of mid life crisis, ends her marriage, jumps into another ill advised and doomed relationship and finally sets off on a year long journey to find her zest for life. This beginning set up is a little too long for my tastes and full of modern "Oprah" speak about "lost passion". I did enjoy Liz's best friend played by the very hard working actress Viola Davis. She delivers some great lines like, "Having a baby is like getting a tattoo on your face. You need to be committed". I never did completely understand the source or the nature of Liz's problems but soon she is off to three destinations that are defined by the movie's title.<br/><br/>Italy - This is all about eating and probably my favorite part of the movie. Liz moves into an aptly rundown but beautiful apartment and meets and assortment of funny, sweet international friends. The settings and the food are filmed in a way that really captures the romanticism of travel. My only nitpick with this part of the movie is the conceit that Liz and her new Swedish friend are gaining weight because of the sheer amount of drop dead gorgeous carbs they are eating. To pull this off may have taken some Bridget Jones action but instead we are served the silliness of a still sleek Julia Roberts trading in her really skinny jeans for the next size up of really skinny jeans.<br/><br/>India - Liz sets off to India to meditate and pray away her troubles. The first scenes in India are very well done and capture the overwhelming experience it must be for a first time visitor from the west. The rest of her stay in India is bit of bore in my opinion. We are treated again to a litany of Liz's woes but I still did not understand what she wanted. Again a side character at least supplies some interest. Richard Jenkins, who excels in everything from the deepest drama ("The Visitor") to the silliest of comedies ("Step Brothers"), serves as the voice of the viewer (maybe?) and brashly tells Liz to get over it.<br/><br/>Bali - Liz's last destination answers the core question of the movie, will Liz find true love again? Bali is beautiful and nothing negative about the movie can take away from that. Roberts too is beautiful in a dress up Barbie sort of way as she wears lots of local outfits. You can probably guess that Liz does find love in the end after meeting a teary eyed, feminist wet dream sort of guy played by Javier Bardem. I'll give him credit. He plays his part so well that this was the first time in three years that he did not scare the crap out of me due to flashbacks of the casual violence and menace in "No Country for Old Men".<br/><br/>Why so harsh on this movie? I don't know. Maybe it was sitting through the trailer for Katherine Heigl's new romcom train wreck that put me in a foul mood. To be fair, I'll give it another viewing when it's out on DVD I loved the scenery AND the food. That's it. Sorry, for all you people out there in Julia Roberts land I do NOT like sappy unrelatable flicks. I thought the substance was eh. I do not buy it. There were too many things left unsaid. Why did she leave her husband? Why was she unhappy? What was the relationship with James Franco all about? Too many questions left unanswered.<br/><br/>They forgot to mention she did not want children but oops that would not play in Peoria I suppose. Who paid for all this expensive woman's search for meaning escapade? Does a woman travel so easily in places that seem naturally difficult? I suppose the real reason I looked at my watch more than once (my yardstick to measure boredom) was that I do not buy Oprahesque spirituality. Yes, I know Oprah loved the book and the movie. For once I would love to see someone on Oprah use their brain that evolution bestowed on man and QUESTION much of the spirituality she touts as truth. What if there really is NO spirituality? Can you prove it? No of course you cannot. I just do not buy the clap trap surrounding it.<br/><br/>Spirituality though makes some who use it very very very rich. Doesn't mean it's correct. Just means someone smart knows how to make a buck off of people's psychological deficits and realities of life. We are all going to get sick one day and we all are going to die. It's a tough life and it's even tougher to know in the crevice of one's gray matter that this is the reality for all of us. So what? It does not make myth, religion, superstition and spirituality true at least to me it does not.<br/><br/>So Julia went on this journey and what does she truly find? Well, I know what I truly found in this film. Sorry, I hate to wax critical but the answer is NOT MUCH! The novel "Eat, Pray, Love" suffers from a narcissistic author with delusions of self and world-grandeur, but has poetic prose and perfectly constructed sentences. "Eat Pray Love" the film has the same narcissistic heroine, but nothing about this film is constructed beautifully.<br/><br/>The very simple set-up of a love-lorn divorced woman who decides to travel to Italy, India and Indonesia (or should I say Bali? As the film couldn't even keep that basic alliteration) took 30 minutes. All they accomplished in the opening was to get the audience in accordance with her ex-husband Billy Crudup, not the main character which we are supposed to spend the next two hours with.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts is not to be blamed for the unrealistic, egotistical self-absorbed opportunist, that fault lies with Liz Gilbert herself. I actually thought that Roberts might have been able to keep the well-written humour of the book and add some much needed heart, and then the film version would have been pretty good. But unfortunately, "Eat Pray Love" is worse than the novel it is based on. First off this is not my favorite genre. Second, I didn't read the book, so I take it on face value, what I saw is what I got.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts is Liz Gilbert who from all appearances has a nice life and career as a writer. Her husband (Billy Crudup) seems a bit flaky, is talking about going back to get another degree, but he clearly is in love with her. <br/><br/>But Liz seems to be going through her own personal mid-life crisis, decides she doesn't want to be married anymore and, after a trip to Bali for a writing project, decides she wants to spend a year traveling and "finding herself."<br/><br/>This first takes her to Italy for 4 months, where she eats a lot. Then to India for 4 months where she has a hard time clearing her mind. Then to Bali where she is influenced by fellow American, a Texan, Richard (Richard Jenkins) who calls her 'Groceries' for the way she puts away food at the dining table. <br/><br/>The most interesting character is a Bali local, Ketut, who is a short mystic with very few teeth and who helps Liz get in touch with herself. <br/><br/>The scenery is always beautiful but the story moves along quite slowly most of the time, and is of interest if you like to see a woman travel the world trying to find her bearing in life. For most of us it isn't that difficult, you just make choices and do the best where you are. <br/><br/>SPOILERS: I hated the way it ended, but probably appeals to the romantic ideas of much of the female audience. She had an ongoing fling with Javier Bardem and he asks her to go to an island with him. She refuses. Her year is up and she should go back to New York and resume her life with her newfound inner peace. Instead she changes her mind and goes off with this man into a fantasy world. What happened here? name the most popular actors and you'll find them in the movie. But as usual, actors are not enough. You need a story, for God sake....you need a story. And let me tell you something: to write about spirituality, self knowledge and wisdom, you need a little of the three. A mediocre mind can't produce more of what he has inside. That is something that happened when I wasted my dear two hours of time watching this film. Two hours following the path of someone who I am not related to, watching her wasting about one year of her life trying to solve a simple problem. Most of the time I wondered how did she do to be so complex, so inefficient in looking for simple solutions to simple problems (let's face it: divorcing is not sooooo problematic today). How did she need to go to India to solve a guilty feeling about divorcing? and the dialogs....let's take a little osho, another little of deepak Chopra, some self-help best seller and that's it. you have the movie. Boring, long, mediocre in script....with really good actors, that's right. The first prize in this long series of common places is the way Javier and Julia meet each other....I can't tell you but every south American soap opera has the same situation. Ufff.... keep away of this movie. Julia Roberts assumes the role of Liz, a not so atypical self-centered woman trying to regain a zest for what is a relatively privileged life. She sets out to do this not by seriously examining herself in relation to others, but by indulging her already inflated ego.<br/><br/>Her first order of business is to make a mockery of the institution of marriage by flippantly giving up on her unsuspecting husband. After sojourning in exotic locales, she is narcissistically convinced of her enlightenment, having added to her experience, knowledge, and yes, level of happiness. What she doesn't realize is that this is simply a natural consequence of having been on a year long all expenses paid vacation. Her full circle to Bali having been ludicrously prophesied by an old pseudo-sage who doesn't know her from anyone until she produces his drawing.<br/><br/>There are plusses. The pacing isn't bad. It didn't bore me. The DP Robert Richardson left nothing to be desired on his end. And though he is wallowing in remorse over having failed his family, Richard Jenkins' character is a welcomed contrast to the shamelessly egocentric protagonist.<br/><br/>Elizabeth Gilbert is apparently very keen on Marcus Aurelius' Meditations, an extremely profound work of philosophy. I am at a loss as to how she reconciles that with this exercise in glorified superficiality. Paraphrasing Marcus Aurelius: The first human principle is the social; the second is to not give in to bodily persuasions, i.e. wolfing down a large pizza for a false sense of empowerment. Talk about feminism off the rails. First of, I haven't read the book and according to the general populace it does seem to be a good book. However since this is IMDb I'm going to keep to the movie. Sadly, this movie is a disaster - I can not remember one sequence which I actually enjoy. Perhaps the scene of Rome, because it is a wonderful city I'd much like to return to one day. <br/><br/>So why is this such a bad movie? Well, probably because even Julia Roberts fails and turns her character into an abysmal horror show. She is the definition of cruel and I hope she finds a remote well and withers away. The question that comes into mind is, many people are referring to Liz finding her true self. But it seems like her true self is a vicious evil that should be contained. You could refer this to a normal woman/man finding herself/himself and that turns out to be a murder, but since (either gender) is on the quest of finding oneself it is justified? Ridiculous!<br/><br/>If the movie is SUPPOSED to be about this and ONLY be about Liz and no one else (as some previous reviewer stated) it is still a terrible film. If I would make a movie, and intend it to suck it probably would. Just because it's meant to suck doesn't turn in into something epic. Also turning this reviews into a battle of the sexes is a bit childish? To expect every man to hate it and every woman to love is just prejudice. (Funny footnote: that would explain the 5-star rating, if every woman has voted 10 stars and every man 1 star.) I seriously do not believe any director, script writer or the author of this book intend to only address one gender. I believe everyone wants as many as possible to enjoy what you have created.<br/><br/>Have a good day, ladies and gentlemen. Oh, and don't turn it into a bad one by watching this film! I wont say I enjoyed this movie but I cant say I didn't enjoy it either for the simple fact that it leaves me a whole load of things to criticise about the movie and about the Julia Roberts character, Elizabeth. What a sad misplaced woman Elizabeth was in this movie and fifibelle in earlier comments summed up many things which come to my mind as accurate.<br/><br/>Here we have a story of a 30something woman who does seem to have everything but then embarks on a life to Italy India and Indonesia in search of herself, god knows why! A selfish self-centred, arrogant, hard to love woman from whom most people would run a mile from, make no mistake.<br/><br/>I felt sorry for her husband Stephen who loved her dearly. Yes, he got the marriage settlement and she got nothing (or did she?) If that was so, how did she finance her around the world trip to the three countries. And why did she hit on Italy India and Indonesia (Bali) especially? Felt sorry for the 'middle man' David who just failed to 'ask her to stay' and she walked out on him without a moments thought. then there was the friendly Texan with the beard in India and finally the Javier Bardem character who again didn't really deserve the treatment he got. I was rather hoping he would not return to her but ..... I will stop there on that point.<br/><br/>Her love affair with Ketut and connection with Ketut was bizarre in the extreme and on her birthday she somehow raise $18,000 and provide that money to Ketut and his family for a new home a complete insult to Ketut and Balinese/Indonesian culture collectively to suggest that all Americans go around willy-nilly and can just dip their hands in their pockets. There is no sense of reality to this aspect and it should be removed from the movie completely.<br/><br/>Elizabeth also makes a mockery of religious transformation, as if religion changes them as a person and not just spiritually. it seems so many woman across the cultures go through this 'need' to find themselves after courting a man who loves them and then just abandoning him because they are just too selfish to understand love.<br/><br/>the movie is uncomfortable and disturbing because I am personally uncomfortable and disturbed that most women in the world behave like this. It's a dangerous precedent for long term relationships not to be long term.<br/><br/>Usually I am critical of movie titles and find that the movie title is not appropriate to the subject of the film. Bizarre as it may sound, the film is not appropriate to the title of the film. She eats a lot, she prays a lot, she loves a lot - but leave it out Julia Roberts, this Elizabeth lass is not worthy of your acting talents.<br/><br/>Another film to recently compare this with is 'letters to Juliet' where the mature lady (forget her name) goes on a jaunt through Italy (ironic or not?) to find a long lost Italian lover but that film is infinitely more enjoyable.<br/><br/>Eat Pray Love is enjoyable for the male acting in particular, Javier Bardem is a joy per se and some of the scenery in Italy India and Indonesia is just great. The film had great potential but it is overall a real let down and this is yet another example of a Director/producer - not sure who - of trying to over-exploit.<br/><br/>Never mind, shall move onto the next movie That movie got me so upset, that I had to write a review...<br/><br/>What an unbelievable waste of money and talent (a-list actors)!<br/><br/>Weak storyline, recycling conventions, unneeded camera actions, and terrible cinematography...<br/><br/>It is really a shame for such actors to be part of this joke. Even when they perform you cannot overcome the terrible film making and have a single moment of affection for characters.<br/><br/>Who is giving money to these people, to go on making such s$$$?<br/><br/>It is this kind of movies that makes you wonder about what's happening to Hollywood after they handed it to the financial gurus, instead of people that have a passion for cinema art. <br/><br/>Save yourself the time and frustration and watch anything else. How is it possible that a movie can feel longer than the book? One word to sum up this film: Yawn. <br/><br/>I would really like to write more about it, but sheesh, this half-hearted excuse for a woman's journey to finding herself has already stolen two hours of my life, I don't want to give it any more. As it is, I gave it two stars for the beautiful scenery. <br/><br/>Oh, and if I see one more actress playing the tortured protagonist in theory, but unable to express it on screen because of botox, I'm gonna freaking SCREAM.<br/><br/>I implore every producer and director to pleeeaaase, respect your audience and insist that actresses remain au natural to give the story some credibility. As many viewers remarked, this movie is about the self-discovery of a very selfish, over-privileged and shallow woman, named Liz. At the beginning of the movie, Liz, played by Roberts, kneels down and prays God,stating with great exaggeration that she is "in deep trouble". This "deep trouble" turns out to be a very banal divorce, which in turns - and very quickly - develops into yet another relationship. <br/><br/>Liz is a woman who is defined only by her relationships, a problem common to the vast majority of female humankind. However, being an upper-class female, Liz can afford to take a year off her life and embark in a journey of self-discovery. Perhaps to find out if yet another relationship is what she really (but really really) needs. So far, not so interesting at all. <br/><br/>There is at least one good thing about this movie The Italian part, despite some ridiculous anachronism, delivers some truth that Americans find hard to accept. I read some reviews (written by US citizens, of course) where Liz is accused of the sin of "gluttony" just because she enjoyed some spaghetti and fried carciofi. Never read any American critic complaining because a movie is too violent or too many bullets are fired yet, for some reason food is a sin, and even more so - enjoying it. <br/><br/>Maybe that is because, as one of the character states" Americans know entertainment, but not pleasure". And entertainment is business, and business in money On the other hand, Rome is depicted as it might have been in the 50's, which is ridiculous and even offensive. Contrary to Liz's experience, most Italian houses do have hot and cold running water. <br/><br/>Things turn boring in India, also due to the nature of the "entertainment", but pick up again (just slightly) in Bali. The third part of the movie is the best for anybody who is a fan of Javier Bardem. He is cute, sweet and suitably vulnerable. In a way, he is playing the "girlfriend" part to perfection. Unfortunately Liz turns out even more obnoxious when she shouts some idiocy like "I don't need to love you to love myself". One really feels like strangling her, rather than abandoning her to the inevitable happy ending. Would not recommend, even if I saw much worse. "Eat Pray Love" is about a depressed woman, whose romantic pratfalls lead her to venture off across the Atlantic, hoping to rediscover herself. She leaves her life in New York, and of course, discovers new relationships in Italy, India, and Bali. As the story progresses, the central character, Liz, played by Julia Roberts, finds balance in her life. However, there's one big problem; there's no balance in the film, especially the narrative.<br/><br/>Once she leaves her past relationships, she should leave it for good! However, the writers are aware that this is a studio film, and like many studio films, images of her past have to find their way into the last quarter of the film. Why is it that writers feel the need to tie everything together into a nice little bow, even when the protagonist's journey doesn't call for it? Answer: A Hollywood studio romance, that's why.<br/><br/>"Eat Pray Love" is an expensive travelogue with a glossy Hollywood makeover. Star-power cannot rise above this thinly-layered material. There were many problems with this film. First off, the opening and closing narrative voice-over is the only link to tying the cliché messages the film has to offer. Like many studio romances, it underestimates its audience. The images and character actions should speak for themselves. Show us, don't tell us.<br/><br/>During the course of Liz's existential journey, I wanted to enjoy the culture of each and every location and backdrop. However, the filmmakers wish to rush the atmosphere and focus on the star-power. Supporting characters come and go into Liz's life, and by the very end, everything sloppily ties together, or so the writers think it does. Audiences must love Julia Roberts. I mean, how can you not? Her uniquely structured face, long, slender body, deep-rooted eyes, and that movie star smile radiate the big screen. I think it's safe to say that the camera is in love with Julia Roberts, but on that same token, the camera forgets to fall in love with the atmosphere. In the scene where she's eating her exquisite cuisine in an Italian café it looks as though she's acting for a commercial on spaghetti. The food, luscious surroundings, and ancient ruins need to be just as critical of a character as Liz.<br/><br/>Another problem I had with the film was the superfluous camera-work. In the scene where Liz munches on her Italian delicacy the camera cuts to a high overhead shot. Why exactly does a camera have to be 10ft up in the air to see Julia Roberts dive into her spaghetti? There are other moments where the director insists on using a crane shot when the action doesn't call for it. Perhaps most audiences will not observe these tiny details, but for a film critic who's just as passionate about the technical aspects of filmmaking as the basic narrative, I found these details incredibly obtrusive and detrimental to the entirety of the film.<br/><br/>The performances, mostly by Academy Award winning or nominated actors, are first rate. However, this is a prime example as to how great performances can only work unless they are matched by a great script. "Eat Pray Love" is what I call a package film; you've got the stars, the bestselling book, a few weeping moments, and the two lovers riding off into the sunset. If you're look for a thoughtful, romantic film, I'd skip it, but if the package is good enough, then be my guest. Well there is very little in this story of an American woman going on a journey of self discovery to recommend apart from some exotic locations. Perhaps a storyline like this may have been handled better by a European filmmaker because it was, to me, a complete mess and far too long. Julia Roberts was far from convincing, the script was trite and in its attempts to delve into the issue of a woman looking for spiritual enlightenment falls flat. I think the problem rests primarily with the script which seemed to be riddled with clichés and no real emotional connection with the characters. The Roman episode was of very little interest apart from the role of the Swedish friend she happens to meet up with. Maybe this falls into the category of a chick flick in which case maybe it will find an audience with some female viewers, particularly those who haven't left the shores of their homeland and maybe go on this journey because they have not had the opportunity to experience foreign lands first hand. I hope this doesn't sound sexist but I cannot in truth find anything to recommend to anyone contemplating spending over two hours of their life watching this nonsense my wife wanted to see this after reading the book, since i had not read the book i base this review on the movie only, my problem is Julia Roberts i suppose the woman is suppose to be near 40?well that is a stretch , it is more like 50 to me so it is basically someone who is tired of their marriage and decides to ditch it all , you meet a toothless old fart in a far away land who tells you your marriage will fall apart and you will be broke, so you buy into this crap.<br/><br/>now you go back to new york and dump your faithful husband of 15 years you just want out of it all so you will give it all it takes your house your 401k etc. you get the ideal.<br/><br/>now you meet someone half your age and you shack up with him for a few months and decide heck i will go back to Italy and eat all the food i can and put down Americans , we all know how bad Americans are no fun, but those Italians are cool -yeah right!!<br/><br/>after gaining about 20 pounds you head to India, where those Indians are so religious, they must know the way and god must be there ,even if he has 16 heads and looks like a cow , so you pray and pray and yes it comes true.<br/><br/>so now it is time to go to Bali and take in the sites while riding your bike you are almost killed by some weird Brazilian hunk, who needs American men they are all dogs who take advantage of women -just ask Oprah if you don't believe me!!!you fall in love and bang his brains out , but a always you decide to run away again but the wise old man tells you you are wrong and it all ends happily ever after. the end.<br/><br/>the movie is crap but has some gorgeous scenes , miss Roberts is not who i would have chose, as for American women who have something about foreign guys yes some women prefer other nationalities or races instead of the boy next door,it is your choice but don't make cracks about Americans ,if you don't like it here move to Italy.George,johnny etc.<br/><br/>the woman in this movie had issues she was always running away -first we had slaps at a normal life which is to get married and have children, then she dates someone 20 years younger, then she goes to Italy to find food lord knows there is no food in new york,then to India for religion yes god is not in the USA , and Bali to find a foreign no American ids good enough for her.puke , shirk your responsibilities and go everyone will be better off without you in their life . Although known to be an amazing book, the movie is close to awful. Not to say that it doesn't have it's good parts that are not only plenty of good acting and filming, but that the storyline keeps your attention...if only for the first 45 minutes though. When you set out on the path of seeing a movie in theaters (unless Harry Potter or one of the Twilight movies) you usually do not want to sit in a chair for somewhere around 3 and a half hours watching a movie that lost your attention somewhere around 2 hours ago, can be the night that most wouldn't want to waste their time and money on. I'm ending with stating that this in not a movie that you should either see or not see. It is all Julia, just a venue for the producers of this film to make some money off a big name actress.<br/><br/>Contrived story line, average acting, and silly melodrama make this a must miss movie.<br/><br/>But even though I have given my review already, I have to keep writing or IMDb will not allow me to submit this review!<br/><br/>In Julia's defense, even actors like Steve McQueen, Paul Newman, and Laurence Olivier were given clunker roles at the end of their careers, just to make some money.<br/><br/>But then she is not in their category...not even close! But that's what you get when you have to add a couple lines to get your opinion published.:) Story line is either very slow or very fast.<br/><br/>Julia Roberts picked a wrong role.<br/><br/>Director stressed more on problems in India rather than something good about it.<br/><br/>Why director showed beggars, village, mosquitoes, child marriage and Thums up (DIALOGUE: In India, Don't touch anything except yourself).<br/><br/>In the movie, Julia Robert seems to be confused, who to pick Ex-Boyfriend or Ex-Husband.<br/><br/>Get the real story.......<br/><br/>Movie is a disaster..... This movie is the reason why Babylon mus fall. A good depiction of present day society thinking and behavior by conservative/capitalist/corporate yuppies. If she wants to reach the 7th shakra then tell her to call me (or her brother Eric). The best ending for this movie would have been for the elephant in India to trample her decrepit white butt. Worse than "Get em to the Greeks." IMDb needs at least ten lines of a review for this to enter the post, so I'll continue by saying that the music also fits the movie perfect. Neil Young songs and the rest of the scoring could not of been any more whiter and predictable (Why do these new whites love MIA India sample chops)? Your all going to hell, pile em up! I agree this movie was not good. It had some gorgeous views but the movie itself seemed "clunky" and keeps us emotionally distant and uncaring about Liz and her spiritual quest. However, I do feel it necessary to defend the book. I hope you won't avoid it because of the well deserved criticizing of the movie. I really liked the book and its many dimensions to the life and loves and thoughts of Elizabeth Gilbert. I did not read it and think she was shallow and narcissistic as one might with the movie. I read it enthralled with her story and her search. If you haven't read the book don't avoid it because of this simple Hollywood moneymaking version of a movie. Maybe you spent your life looking for that consept of happiness...
I think movie makers was asking this very important question.. the most important thing that are you forgiven yourself
As always i find Rome is the capital of love I don't get it why would people leave a low review?! It is nice.. chill... romantic ... dreamy... When I feel blah I watch this movie :) The movie is somewhat unrealistic but I absolutely loved it. It's not most of people's cup of tea but I could relate to her and I wish the movie did a better job explaining her inner dilemma as she lost herself to dreams that weren't hers and a life she thought she should have. Regardless of the choices presented. I deeply connected with the idea that she wanted to experience the color of life again, spirituality and love. Just living the moment again after losing her identity before. I have watched this film a good few times over the past 10years and i still thoroughly enjoy it every time. The storyline strongly resonates a womans' quest to find BALANCE in life... Courageous Liz stepping out of the comfort zone and making the change to her life. Bonus that the film locations are fantastic. The film "Eat pray love" released in 2010 wore based in the book "Eat pray love", that shows the personal history of the own authoress , in other words, it is a autobiography. The book is a american best-seller, and sold more than four million of units. It was written by Elizabeth Gilbert, a journalist.
The actriss that interpreta Elizabeth is called Julia Roberts. The film show the history of a woman (Liz) that's always foi unhappy in all her relationships. When she finally perceive the situation, she decides to leave everything. All her live. She leaves her joy, her husband and her friends during one year, wanting live new adventures traveling for Italy, India and Indonesia.
The film is reflective people's lifestyle, and viewer perceive that always have another chance. The self help film, talk about things that people is needing help want to hear.
In all the countries that Liz travel, it shows the cuture of the place (in stereotype, of course), it do the people feel shame about the own culture.
The accent of all the countries wore well executed by the actors, it resulted in a good work.
The film's photography is wonderful. Who loves to travel, watch it and have desire of go in the same time, every detail is good. The Film is good, if you like Julia
The character trying to find peace on her trip to India was a wonderful scene. Richard Jenkins scene is also a good scene.
When you understand what the movie is trying to show you, it comes easier to watch.
If you are older, this film would be better to you watch, because you already lived to understand what Julia is trying to do with her life.
music mixture of Neil Young and Mozart (The Magic Flute) make me pay attention in all moments.
Something that makes it harder to watch is that the movie is very slow, and people who likes to understand more the movie would not like this Eat, Pray, Love are things that are really addressed in the film, but the film has a lot of twists, many vague parts, the story the film wants to pass is really good but the content is not very good.
The story of a marriage that went wrong, blind love, strong belief, discoveries, courage, these are things that the film brings with great vigor. But parts that take place in the film give the impression that it is just to fill time. It's hard to complain about having sat through this movie, when many elements of it are enjoyable to look at or listen to... But like the book which the movie is in sync with, you get a very hollow feeling in your stomach when you begin to realize that only in America could this kind of "spiritual" quest be concocted. In that sense, it is a rather extraordinary portrait of the American mind, a closed circuit of wall-to-wall carpeted material concerns leading -- like the culture -- nowhere, or to a kind of soporific dream of wish fulfillment, in which the only possible happy ending can be a Javier Bardem as "the Man." Along the way, you get to eat pasta, gelato, drink great wines from elegant glasses, swim in turquoise waters, dance at a riotously colorful Indian wedding, lounge in your own mosquito-netted plush double bed in a dreamy Balinese bungalow... and wake up to the utter emptiness and desolation of the American mind. It is a rude, if luxurious, awakening to our one-dimensioned materialistic reality. Ostensibly about searching for love and meaning this slow moving story gets terribly bogged down. Julia Roberts is not enough. Our movie consists of 3 parts of the same name as eat-pray-love.liz gilbert's main character.Liz is starting to question life for a reason we can't understand.
I think the film was like the unimpressed side of everyone.
Liz why so unhappy what a wonderful life I have a beautiful marriage, gorgeous friends and has a nice job that loves.
Why did not I understand so unhappy in fact, 3 countries to travel and question the lives of the life was so bad I think this should be questioned.<br/><br/>anyway liz gilbert is going on a 1-year adventure to fix his life the first stop of this adventure Italy(eat).Having great friendships and having fun having fun eating but still not happy.<br/><br/>next stop india so(pray)I think this trip in New York, the share of young lover.He is going to visit an Indian religious figure he met and he still meets an American man like him there.
I think that man's life is much worse than our Liz, that is why he came to India is very logical but it is not our Liz.If we pass the India period briefly.<br/><br/>my film is the real reason why i watched and its last stop is bali (love) this is the last stop of our character and i think it's happy now.Here we find love in this love (javier bardem) is finally happy, so I guess we could not understand.<br/><br/>a movie you can enjoy if you want to see film shoots and places to see,
I watched frankly to see the bali and satisfied me but it was an average movie. So I read the book about 10 years ago and I remember enjoying it. Now let me say this, I was in my early 20s in a foreign country traveling as an exchange student simply because I wanted an adventure and to see some of the world while I was young. I'm now in my 30s (closer to the characters age) and I'm unsure if I'd connect with the character as much nowadays. It is not easy for someone with responsibilities, a house, a good job and a family to leave no matter how hard things get at times. This makes me think she was much more selfish than my early 20s self would have recognized.<br/><br/>Regardless of how you feel about the book, I do think the movie is bad. It does not explain how the main character was unhappy with her marriage and life for a long time. The husband also states many times he had no idea of her unhappiness which I don't believe is true in the book. It does not show their struggles with starting a family. The movie also fails to explain how she pays for the trip. She gets an advance from her publisher to write about her trip experience. So the trip is technically her job and she works on her book constantly while traveling.<br/><br/>I reviewed this movie as a 4. The places and food are just as amazing as described in the book. However, the characters are not easy to connect with (except for Viola Davis). The main character is one of the most selfish characters I have ever seen. Even though I do feel that she is much better in the book than she is portrayed in the movie, she is generally not an easy character to connect with for most people making it very hard to care for the movie. I'm not sure what the author was trying to convey but it was pretty dismal I've never written a review before because either my thoughts are same as some already reviews out there or i didn't think what i want to say would interest others because it's personal (wether positive/negative). But observing the controversy about this surely controversial film, i think i should give an opinion... I didn't read the book but i'm gonna right now! I will never get why some really good movies are so low rated and vice-versa, i guess we all agree depends on each single individual's point of view, opinion, experiences, thoughts etc. So i wouldn't say that you'll be convinced, just see it for yourself, no matter how you'll think of it later, it's still a worth a watch!<br/><br/>This movie is by far one of the most soulful and meaningful movies i've ever seen, if the movie is so, the book is going to be so super fantastic (always found books better than movies)!!!<br/><br/>I do respect other points of view, at some point earlier in life i wouldn't stand this movie i remembered one time seeing on it TV i watched for 15mins so boring so i just disreguardly switched channel. Now in a other phase of my life i could understand more and relate more let alone find a part of me in this woman and i think you might too. The same way as you'd read a book, hate it but long time later read it again, and feels like you rediscovering it and you change your mind. I'm telling you it might not the best movie in the world but one day you'll see something else, and that will be the real meaning of this movie. This movie makes you think, makes you have reflections. It's dramatic and peaceful at the same time, it's joyful and hurtful, it's fun and sad, you'll feel closed and far to the protagonist, this movie is not only a voyage of the world but a voyage within yourself. You'll question yourself, that's the whole point of it, makes you wonders about your own life. I never saw the point of watching a movie if nothing comes out of it but just pleasure. As they say, we never know what happens in someone's head: this woman is lost, is confused, is desperate, you can't see that but if you focus, you'll feel it. Sure she has everything to be happy but who said that having everything is the definition of happiness? In other words, how can you be happy when you have everything but your truth? Understand her and try to empathize as you would do in real life and you will reveal for yourself what this autobiography is really all about. When I watch a Julia Roberts film it just makes me feel all warm inside. In this one her acting just superb, her depiction of Elizabeth Gilbert is exactly what you would expect from a superstar like Julia. Almost immediately coming into the film I can identify with her, the loss, the heartache. Being a traveller myself I can understand where this journey took her. Javier Bardeem on the other hand does not really live up to his normal self. Rough around the edges, but easily pulled back in the story by Ms Roberts. I personally think this is a masterpiece and I think all men should watch this film i want to say a big thank you to the great prophet prince who helped me get my fiancé back from a mysterious lady that made him call of our engagement 48hrs after meeting and telling this great man my problem my fiancé came back to me begging to be back into my life to.we are getting married in 6 month time from now to also get help from the great one email at miraclecenter110@gmail.com or caLL +2348182260982 to also get your lover back and live a happy life Movie about the dreams. I liked the phrase that says YOU American PEOPLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO ENJOY DOING NOTHING. The woman ( Julie Roberts) that doesn't carry about everything and just want to start new probably better life by knowing herself. Probably changing is right but what if she couldn't manage it. What if she had to come back home and be all alone. I would be scary. Luckily she finally found herself, her place and where she wants to stay. It was very big step just to leave everything and go to Italy, than to India and Indonesia. Not everyone could do that. But if reward is happiness every method is acceptable.Just do it! In Eat Pray Love (2010), Julia Roberts really does shine and she carries the movie well. The writing is very well done too, it's engaging and it's intelligent. The movie presents an uplifting message about finding oneself and achieving true undeniable happiness, getting the life you desire. Julia Roberts does all of those things in this film, and she does it all very convincingly. Eat pray love start out well, and continues on well, it is just slightly stagnant in the middle briefly, but then it picks back up and keeps on going at a steady pace. The other actors, including Viola Davis, and they all connect very well, and Julia's relationship with them is shown well. And I'm glad they showed and developed her relationship with former husband Stephen, they described their love and former relationship well. It's so lovely to see her travel from destination to destination, picking up experiences, making new friends and forming new bonds, and finding herself piece by piece. She eats wonderful new foods, she prays to find peace, and she loves all the new people in her life, including one very special man ;) Oh and I loved the one little comedic part where a man tries to convince Liz to have a love affair with him in Bali, he undresses, which is very very nice lol, and she just breaks out into hysterical laughter. A 9/10 for Eat Pray Love. The plot tells the story of a woman (Julia Roberts) who feels dissatisfied with the life she leads in all aspects, both lovingly and financially, for this reason decides to leave in an unbridled pursuit of happiness, abandoning everything in which she believed to be essential, such as marriage, work, family and friends. The wit of the movie has been applied pretty well, especially, in people who suffer from a huge dissatisfaction and, therefore, seek emotional support in everything and everyone. The incessant search for something to complete satisfactorily and benign way, brings up an evil that plagues the population nowadays how would say one speaks of the character of James Franco: So we can go through life together, unhappy, but happy not in part. Unhappiness, became something bearable and sustainable, which is completely unacceptable, because we live to be happy, above all, ourselves. I see this film very fondly because it is the kind of movie that shows how the human being is superfluous in relation to their own emotions, with their own wills, and in this respect, this film managed to reach the summit. So, for people who like movies that make reflect on useless behaviors and monotony, is a great movie, for people who like a good drama, it is a great movie, for people who like movies with great actors, it's a great movie , ie it is a great movie in virtually every aspect. Eat Pray Love is the story of a young woman Elizabeth Gilberts who finds herself in an unhappy marriage and dissatisfied life. She realizes she's lost her passion for living that she once had. So she sets off on a journey to find meaning in her life again and travels through Italy, India, and Bali for a soul searching immersion of the senses.<br/><br/>I've read the reviews on this movie. I disagree with most of them because they are so negative! This is about a woman who wants to rediscover herself while traveling and is trying to move on from a painful experience in her life. In some way, shape, or form isn't that each of us at some point in life? This movie will definitely inspire you to discover yourself for the first time, or rediscover yourself, and it definitely will inspire you to travel!<br/><br/>Every time I watch this movie I get excited about life and I think about things in a more positive light. It definitely get's you to open up to the possibilities and that our journey through life is what we choose to make it. This is not a new movie so you may ask why I feel the need to review it now. It's because it is a really good foodie movie and anyone who is into food in movies should be sure to see this one. <br/><br/>Any who, I get this movie because I understand fully the inner angst one experiences when one does not have a defined personal path to peace and happiness. It's funny because no matter how far we travel by plane train or car, we never leave the ballast of our own brains. So until we learn how to find inner peace and lightness, we do the next best thingeat! And eat our main character does in this post card from peace-of-mind movie. If you have read any of my reviews, you know that I love food and cinematography, this movie is teeming with both. Julia Roberts with those signature pucker-face lips of hers, wields them artfully around Italian language and food. She travels to paradise in Bali and the opposite in India but also destinations lead back to her inner world. <br/><br/>Let's talk food. The food scenes in Italy were the delectable creations of food stylist Susan Spungen. There is nothing in the big food scene that I would not eat. As a matter of fact, I want all of it right now. This is a testament to the food styling genius that is Susan Spungen. I hope to see much, much more of her delicious work in films. Heck, I would like to see her work in person, Lol. Half an hour into "Eat Pray Love" I was hoping for a power outage. A vapid, shallow woman whines a lot after dumping James Franco. She then goes to Naples and discovers food, I think next she went to India then Bali. What occurs in these travels is often tedious, except perhaps for eating pizza in Naples. In Bali she meets Ketut but it's the wrong Ketut; not the one from the AAMI ad with Rhonda! The majority of the Bali experience could have been left out and would not have made any difference. She has flashbacks to her marriage. More flashbacks. She falls in, out and back in love with a nice Brazilian bloke ..... blah blah blah. I really liked some parts; at other times it was painfully slow but overall, I'm glad I watched it. As always, Julia Roberts was simply great. Now the worst thing is I don't think the story sucks. I read and reread the book and I LOVED it. Liz, the protagonist, isn't perfect. And she has a lot of humor. To me, she is someone I could identify with easily. And then there's Julia Roberts. Who is just completely wrong for the part. Liz is supposed to be this *don't want to mature* *just somewhat over thirty but so many plans* girl. Seriously, no way an actress of 43 could pull that off. Especially not the way too serious Julia Roberts. Whenever the woman smiles it's sad. That's not Liz! What's worse is that the script screwed up the story badly. And no, not because the story is different, but because the feel of the story is altered. (In the book Liz didn't want to be stuck in the *American dream* with her *so-called perfect* husband. In the movies? Her husband actually would fit her love for adventure. Look at him, loving education (one of Liz's major treats as well). It's hard to sympathize with Liz in the movie, because the script made her a self-obsessed bitch. But Julia Roberts took lack of sympathy to a new level, being so serious about herself. I didn't even finish the movie, it's that bad. However, I can tell you this: don't give up on the book because of the movie. It's way, way better.<br/><br/>Three stars, because there are decent actors in the movie who make it somewhat more bearable... Julia Roberts was brilliant. It touched me and the pain and sorrow that I could relate to. And it is not your typical Hollywood movie with action, chase or a boy meets girl or a girl meets boy, etc. The movie is intellectual and the occasional dialog lines are awesome quotes and you won't hear it in any other movies. And then takes you to three distinct cultures and people - each gives you a window to what effects you and what does not. If you like a movie to touch you soul this the movie to see and see it again - it is always fresh. I am just glad that this movie was made and my tributes to every one who was part of making this film. Eat , Pray, Love – I will remember to do that make it part of my Karma.<br/><br/>And I am adding the following lines on September of 2013: <br/><br/>A great movie and Julia Roberts was fantastic in her role. Flawless and seamless changes in venue. And wonderful character acting all supporting actors. Moments to remember – her divorce and her ex when he walks out of the lawyers meeting. Julia Roberts her soliloquy on Thanksgiving in Italy. Her advice to the young Indian girl. Her com-padre in the Ashram with his story. This is a very touching love story. Yep. Pure Hollywood.<br/><br/>Grabbed this as I was hoping it would be deep. Have not read the book, but as a traveller, I can understand this is a way to find your soul (just my opinion).<br/><br/>Food in Italy looked awesome, but what is the deal celebrating Thanksgiving? This is Italy! Be Italian! And the funny smile at the end acknowlwdging friends she really has no connection to. Italy is so intense, and this was pretty tepid.<br/><br/>Never been to India. I'd think yelling in a place of peace would already be wrong. I would go to find peace and go at my pace, not have someone badgering me that I have the capacity to love the whole world.<br/><br/>Haven't got to Jaier's part yet. All I am seeing is someone who is really not inside herself, and looking outside to find it.<br/><br/>I have to admit I am always irked by people that waste so much energy, and I am now. If Julia was using more instinct to communicate, it would be much cooler. Nothing more focused and centered than that.<br/><br/>Power is in experience. This is different for everyone. Just so long as we are not striving to be critical, it's all good.<br/><br/>It's all in you, baby. Let it flow. :) Had I not read (and loved) the book, I might have better enjoyed this film. And had I not already dreamed up a very different Liz Gilbert, Julia Roberts might have made a good likeness. To me, in this role, she was a more bitter and flightier Pretty Woman.<br/><br/>I felt like the movie was pretty good but lacked the emotional dimension and intense perspective the author so generously gave us in her writing. That book was so indulgent & sensual! The movie was teasing and shallow by comparison.<br/><br/>About the best offering from the movie was its gorgeous scenery in Italy, India, & Indonesia. The elephant scene was awesome. This movie was a huge disappointment for me. I felt it would have been even more so if I hadn't read the book first as I could still follow the storyline as set out in the book during the movie. The book, I thought was fantastic and this was my main motivation in hiring the movie.<br/><br/>It followed almost the exact storyline as the book with a few minor exceptions. Elizabeth Gilbert is enduring a loveless marriage because she felt that was how it was supposed to be. She comes to the realisation that she must first leave her husband, then later travel to Italy, India then Bali, in order rehabilitate herself and nurture her soul. Along the way Gilbert makes a series of friends, each of whom play some minor part in her quest to find herself.<br/><br/>I felt the movie weakly portrayed Gilbert's love of food and friendship depicted through her rich, tasty writing in the book. Instead Gilbert appeared as a greedy, self centered woman.<br/><br/>There was a major detail left out of the movie that I feel should have been included, this was confusing as it had been a main element in the original story. The ending when portrayed on screen, also lost some of its lustre.<br/><br/>All in all I don't think this movie did the original story any justice whatsoever. If you have read the book, I suggest you leave it at that, or you may be sadly disappointed. I thought this movie was OK at best. Julia Robert's performance did the best she could with a terrible story. Like other reviewers, I wanted to reach my hand into the movie and smack her upside the head a few times. Whine, then wine, then complain. The male characters are the only ones who seemed plausible. The main woman/women were always finding themselves. Sigh. Great scenery and food. My wife might like this type of film. But it was a bit long, and again, so much whining was unbearable after a while. Thankfully we viewed this on Netflix because I would feel cheated had I paid for a movie ticket. I like Roberts usually, and she was OK performance wise. but her character was just a pain in the neck who needed a dose of reality instead of coddling herself - poor me, I'm 40 something, and I'm not happy. Get over it! Apart from the fact that I didn't particularly like the film, I always wonder about the bias that most Americans hold towards Italy. When Julia Roberts goes to Rome she rents a room in a small guest house where there is no running water. Absolutely grotesque! No running water in a flat in the centre of Rome! This doesn't occur even in the poorest areas of southern Italy! Some of the buildings in the historical centre of Rome may look shabby from the outside (and they are intended to look that way) but inside they hide the most stylish, sophisticated, design flats with all the amenities needed as central heating and air conditioning. The director probably is still stuck on a 50's picture of Italy, but before shooting the film he should have gathered up-to-date information. Most Italian viewers were appalled but this iniquitous image that people will get of Italy. I also would like to point out that while Julia Roberts is seen in a public laundry almost all Italian households, everywhere in the country, include washing machines and dish-washing machines, and that people get free-of-charge medical care even if they don't hold an insurance. So much for the "civilised" US. This book was such a big hit among the types of women who watch Oprah religiously that it was bound to be a success. I was disappointed to see Julia Roberts in this part. I respect a lot of things about her as a person but she is a famous actress playing the part of a famous author who created a famous story. This would have been a great opportunity for a little or unknown actress to make a name for herself. I also didn't really like the story. If her husband was so sketchy then why did she marry him? This movie romanticized running away from your boring humdrum life to live in a dream world. Everyone's life gets boring. It's up to you to get yourself out of any ruts that you may get stuck in. The medicine man in Bali was not a prophet. People like him were prophesied about in the scriptures. He's called a soothsayer and/or false prophet. I'm not saying that people don't receive revelation for themselves or those close to them but this guy was not a prophet. People can be wise without being prophets. The fact that she was making her decisions based on his guidance was just sad. He gave her some simple and good advice but what if he didn't? I guess she needed these experiences and to travel outside of her usual life to figure out what she really wanted out of life and how to get and keep it. I do respect that because everyone needs to figure that out for themselves but I don't really like how she did it. Most people can't afford to disconnect from their commitments in order to re-connect to themselves. What if she had a child? Would she have still taken off for a year? In Bali she admitted that she had 49 stamps on her passport. She'd also traveled a lot for work so she knew how to do it but this movie made traveling the world as a single woman look safe, easy and romantic. When you're far away from home and are not fully versed in the local laws, customs and traditions of another country you can get yourself into big trouble. Some things that you may take for granted in your country as civil liberties may be taken as punishable in other places. For some reason I didn't get around to this when it first came out, my husband said he didn't want to watch it (maybe he knew something I didn't) and I finally saw it a couple of days ago. I have been thinking it about how bad it was ever since.<br/><br/>The story structure is so weak, I guess the plot points must be at the start of each country she visits. Her character is weak too, which I didn't like in the least. The whole idea I got throughout that she was running away because she was/is a flake. She goes through most of the movie with a frustrating angst, I just wanted to get on the screen and shake her! If I was in her position I would have had a lot more fun and the last thing I would have been looking for was a bunch of meaningless relationships along the way.<br/><br/>I was also very disappointed that more time wasn't taken to show each of the countries better - a few more scenic shots, especially from Bali.<br/><br/>The story seems to run out of any little steam it had after Italy, India is a joke from the "pray" aspect and the love aspect in Bali is pathetic. Seems that she would have gone off with anyone given half a chance.<br/><br/>The only thing that rang true was her relationship with the other girl in Italy.<br/><br/>Very disappointed. Should have been called something else, perhaps "How I Dragged my Miserable Flaky self to Three Continents and Had No Real Fun." So this movie wasn't as super terrible as I thought it would be, but it still took a lot out of me to finish watching this tedious movie. I am not even a Julia Roberts fan and I found her character in this not very likable at all. I sometimes enjoy travelogues, but this was just boring for the most part although it did have it's moments, but it's very few. Julia's character just goes on this journey but it doesn't cover anything but just intimate qualm of a woman. Some woman that runs away from her problems and has affairs with multiple guys is what basically sums this movie up. Yeah Julia Roberts usually goes for the independent woman roles, but all she does is take and take some more and hardly gives anything back. Just pass on this one, unless your a hardcore Julia Roberts fan.<br/><br/>3.5/10 EAT PRAY LOVE – TRASH IT ( C+ ) Eat Pray Love looks some Discovery channel documentary which is all colorful, bright but there is no sense to it all. Just like every one I didn't get why a beautiful rich woman is suddenly so unhappy about her life? When she had handsome husband Billy Crudup suddenly she asks for divorce only because he says "I want to finish my math's degree"? That's weird then she is willing to give everything in her divorce? Unbelievable. Afterwards when the sobbing stops she starts dating Gorgeous & Sexy James Franco but still she becomes unhappy only because they stopped having Sex? Go to therapy or spa woman... what's with lying on the floor? She apparently made both guys life a living hell and then takes trip off to Italy, India & Bali for whole one year. Obviously that's what rich woman does I believe! In Italy Julia's character becomes little tolerable or maybe it's the exquisite locations and delicious cousins. Overall it gets better in Italy, I started to enjoy actually but then she leaves for India (WTF) it gets boring after forwards. The whole journey in India, crying over her husband, breaking off with her boyfriend... I at least didn't get that! Then comes Bali, the movie gets again tolerable but soon it gets cliché as soon as Javier Bardem enters the screen, I got bored until I saw Julia Roberts dancing with Sexy Drummer David Lyons (poor guy he even strips down to his naked Bum but still she refuse to go skinny dipping) LOL. After that she falls for Javier Bardem or he falls for her, whatever it was... it became unbearable in the end she is about to leave Javier but then Bali Baba say something to her & she runs back to Javier & Bam credits start rolling What a Joke? I don't get it if the Bali Baba not has said those things she wouldn't have gone with Javier?? It's weird! Overall the (C+) respectable rating is only because of stunning locations & cinematography & Julia Roberts (Obviously) because she was great in the entire long (2hrs & 25mints) movie. James Franco is getting smoking hot as he is getting older; it's like wine older its betterIn Italy Luca Argentero & Tuva Novotny were Breeze of fresh air. Billy Crudup, Javier Bardem, Richard Jenkins & Viola Davis were good. Glee's director Ryan Murphy's direction was terrible, it seems like he was making a Net Geo Documentary on Wealthy self centered Woman pointlessly looking for her self (Bummmber). So don't waste your time & simply Trash it! It's better to watch Love & Food in Italy in Amanda Bynes's Letters to Juliet (It was really good). Tear jerker that mostly bored me to tears. Many unrealistic situations and very pretentious 'preachy' tones. Also a somewhat 'anti-American' lifestyle slam by the Italian portion (eat). seems to be intended as a 'feel good' movie that just left me feeling bored. I watched it with my wife because she was told this would be a life changing movie. I disagree... for weak minded people who need 'inspiration' was her conclusion. We watched it because one of my friends saw the movie and left her husband to 'find the true meaning of life'. She was a weak minded person... I enjoy watching Julia Robert movies in general, but this one bombed.<br/><br/>The India portion (pray) left me feeling kind of confused and puzzled that there were that many people in India that did not have a clue and needed a guru to tell them what their life was all about... <br/><br/>The Bali portion (love) portion left me again somewhat ticked off as it too was very pretentious and boring, although this was the most 'realistic' of the three sections.. Thia film was probably hard to adapt into a screenplay from the book. An adaptation which could actually have depth and true cinematic value and genius on screen and for it's viewers was virtuously impossible to watch. As I listen to the dialogue I found it difficult to believe there are any real experiences in these characters lives that would make it interesting to begin with. It is edited in a TV soap opera way and it is not ever really flowing but mashed up and incongruent. The directing of the cinematography and the directing is too literal which makes this film hard to watch. The voice overs are lacking truism there is almost a "Do I really have to say this" feeling and a "Are we almost done yet" I know making films is a collaberative effort but I'm sorry to say the collaberators were not on the same page.. I respect all the players in this project but this,in my eyes, is not cinematic genius---and it would have been a much better film with a more avant-garde approach via the director and possiblty the producers If you love travelling, I think you might like thiz movie. It's a real life experience of Elizabeth M. Gilbert who is in self-discovery by travelling to Italy, India and Bali (no one mentions Indonesia?!) in 2006. Eat at Italy, pray at India and finally finds love at paradise island Bali. Her book "Eat, Pray, Love" was on New York Times Best Seller list for 110 weeks. The movie is directed by Ryan Murphy who is the creator of TV series "Nip/Tuck", "Popular" and musical phenomenal "Glee". His famous directing credit is "Running with Scissors" in 2006. For the zillionth time, Julia Roberts repeats her role as a typical rom-com queen. Three lovers around Liz character are played by fine Actors such as Javier Bardem, Billy Crudup, and Spider-Man's best friend, James Franco. Bardem brings a relaxing and warm aura into his character. Another brief and believable performance comes from Richard Jenkins as a devastated man in India. There are some surprising performances by Indonesian Actors such as the toothless medicine man Ketut (Hadi Subiyanto), the little girl Tutti (Anakia Lapae) and a brief performance from Christine Hakim who is an acclaimed Actress in Indonesia. Subiyanto is success to deliver a memorable character, although with limited English. At half hour of the beginning, the plot is kind of boring and flat, but after that we will find plenty of hilarious moments and the story-telling goes better. In the end, I come to a conclusion that Liz Gilbert's character is kind of confused and too much worries about herself, she left everything she had for irrational reasons. Thiz movie has been telling us, "Each city and person has one word to describe it". Well, my word is selfishness. One thing is for sure, the real exoticism of Bali is more beautiful than what is shown in thiz movie. I won't tell you, you have to visit Bali and check it out yourself.<br/><br/>Visit My Blog on JONNY'S MOVEE : http://jonnyfendi.blogspot.com Woman divorce man on a whim of self indulgence and goes around the world (well,three parts of the world anyway) to explain herself. At least that what I think I got from this. After reading quite a few disappointing reviews here, noting the low rating, and quite surprised not to see Javier Bardem name in the cast list; what happened there IMDb? I felt I should put my ten cents too. Like many others we went to see it on free tickets, these compliment of Scenic Tour; It would not shock me to learn the company got a cheap deal to offer this movie to their customers and potential new customers as the offer extended to one guess per person - Here we go, so cynical! For those who suffered through this movie I would like them to know and deduct how it was for us, we arrived late and sat in the third row from the front. (I'm glad though it did not happen to a better movie!). I too am a J Robert fan but had to dose off a little to shorten the length of suffering. Then I pick up a little further without too much difficulty. I feel I had more fun reading about it than watching it. One of those readings appealed to my warped sense of humour when it included that some part of Italy were hard to recognise as they'd been cleaned up so well - but this was not repeated about India! Well I did not find it all that bad though, It was thought provoking on way or the other, I don't count my self as one of the specialist of the 7th art and often look just for entertainment, personally I have seen worse.