Fascinating and compelling from the first few minutes of episode 1 through the next 8 hours of interest that didn't release me til dawn. Talk about binge-watching without regret that what began at around 8 pm had me watching the sun come up. Now that's the best review I could offer. It was everything I love -a mystery, brilliant detective work and deep characterization that had me knowing and caring about these people. The conversations were quiet and understated without any sort of rehearsed wit that sacrifices authenticity for canned cleverness. No, this was miles above anything I've seen. Just excellent, from start to end. The acting, the story, the directing, the start and the end. Brilliant! I found myself rewinding many scenes just to watch them again due to great acting and dialogue. I usually never do that since it kinda mess up the episode (Im picky), but couldnt help myself.<br/><br/>Keep up this kinda work Netflix, and Disney wont have a chance. For me the first episode was tenuous. Kaitlyn Dever carries a very heavy load in the first hour, portraying a teenager with an incredibly complex background who reports that she's been raped. It isn't until the second hour when Merritt Wever is paired with a reluctant Toni Collette as two detectives who, by coincidence, discover they might be looking for the same very sophisticated rapist.<br/><br/>Merritt Wever can make the answer to a question as simple as "What time is it?" a whole suspenseful soliloquy that rivets the viewer to what's happening as the investigation unfolds. And, Collette matches Wever's intelligence (both as a character and an actor) with a toughness that is absolutely thrilling to watch. Both actors are unusually luminous for this genre.<br/><br/>The entire cast is strong and full of very skilled character actors. At each turn, you're almost as excited at the plot discovery as you are as who's next to join a very large cast.<br/><br/>Expertly filmed and directed, the screenplay's need to bombard us with statistics is saved by the skill of the actors. Really, they're all so good you're willing to listen to anything just to see them on screen.<br/><br/>The isolation of the victims that results as result of the crime is stunningly portrayed, particularly by Dever. Her character's history is one that leads her to feel anything she does is wrong even if all her motives are pure. The resulting helpless of the victims of rape is frightening and a subject that is often neglected. This is a hard watch, impressive cast. I binged it in a day but was overcome with emotion. More than a few times. To quote Dexter
"It still comes as a shock when I'm confronted with the depth of evil that exists in this world"
Bless the real cops in Colorado, damn the ones who didn't believe her. You will squirm, you will be uncomfortable, you will feel the suspense and you will cry..
That's how powerful and amazing the 8 episodes of this show were..<br/><br/>The first 2 episodes were even difficult to watch because of the physical and emotional brutality shown.<br/><br/>Must watch.
9.5/10 Honestly this was the best series I have seen on TV in years . It was perfectly crafted , Acted and Written. I can't give this enough praise , I really do hope it wins an award . I only wish they would have shown all the people who doubted her finding out and their faces of shame. As a father this is your worse nightmare you can imagine for your child. The callousness of all those "who love and support" the victim was tough to watch. I hope that we have come further along instead of constant victim shaming. Tough watch, but worth it.... I created this account just to write this review. This show was, at times, hard to watch because you connect so well with the characters. It transitions perfectly between two story lines never feeling like you are getting cut off too soon. The acting is phenomenal and the message is one that needs to be heard. It does an amazing job of following the article written by ProPublica. I recommended it to all my girlfriends and, only a few episodes in, they are saying the same. Best limited series I've seen in quite some time. Not often I'm impressed by writing, directing & acting, but holy hell......how explosive is the dialogue & acting? Every woman in this is sharp, strong, and just oozes feminine power without coming off as cheesy or put-on or try-hard. Just a gang of tough chicks obsessed with their jobs. I also mega loved the realistic parenting/homelife stuff with the chick as the head of a household instead of a dude.....these dudes are supportive, loving & understanding but without being emasculated or 'paraded' like some parody character, as most shows do with the stay at home/supporting dad/husband role.<br/><br/>Super impressed with the writing & dialogue. This is an amazing mini series from start to finish, very well acted, scripted, produced and directed.. some stellar performances throughout.. i was hooked from the first episode, I couldn't fault it, better than your average routine CSI's or SVU's etc, Netflix has produced some turkey's in the past, but on occasion they give us something that needs praise for, so thank you Netflix for this one..<br/><br/>Merritt Wever and Toni Collette were outstanding and work very well together.. not to mention Kaitlyn Dever and Danielle MacDonald who's performances also need recognition.. this definitely deserves another season in my opinion.. The two lead detective roles played by Toni Collette and Merritt Wever are performances I won't easily forget, and are the highlight of the show. Unbelievable has a realistic, real world kind of style to the script which can be dry at times but also adds an extra layer of realism to the show. Kaitlyn Dever is an incredible young actor! We binge watched the whole thing in a day. I hardly ever write reviews but this is so good, I just had to turn some of this experience into written words.<br/><br/>The acting - just all of it - is absolutely outstanding. The three lead-women should be up for every tv-award there is.
Then there's the writing and directing, which is probably the only appropriate take on the extremely sensitive topic this show is dealing with I, have ever witnessed on TV.
I watch a lot of Detective-Shows and movies and it's usually about the "thrill of catching the bad guy" or about the viewer's chance to "look evil in the face". And I'm not saying that's all bad - there's a lot of excellent stuff like this out there. But this brilliant show, for a much needed change, is actually about the victims and what such a horrible experience does to you. It's about a certain and unfortunately often overlooked kind of bravery and about commitment.<br/><br/>Don't miss out on this gem! Looking at the reviews that have a large number of "not helpful" votes plus the reviews from guys who are whining about how this is a feminist program- I'm just wondering what's wrong with people. No one is blaming white police officers, it's an indictment of a SYSTEM that did not care enough about this girl to offer her justice (women let her down too). It's heartbreaking and it happened and men who are more upset about maybe seeing themselves reflected in the antagonists in this one story than whether this serial rapist was taken off the streets need to see a therapist. Don't miss this. It is very hard to watch at times, in my case not so much for the violence, but the neglect that Marie, the first victim, suffers throughout the movie. This performance alone is enough to warrant your time. A must watch. This series is so gripping. The acting, the direction, way of moving forward in the story. A Masterpiece I must say. Netflix finally got this right :)) It's very very good. Fantastic casting! We love Toni Collette and Merritt Weaver. Excellent show, it will have you hooked in right away! Great crime drama, we need more like this! As a true story this gem is really unbelievable, but truth often is stranger than fiction. This depiction of the happenings was brilliantly done, well acted with an intelligent, down to earth, script. The viewer can really feel part in the happenings.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Dever as Marie Adler played this role to perfection, showing the emotions and repulsion this teenager had experienced. Merritt Wever and Toni Collette, as the two detectives, were also marvelous.<br/><br/>A top miniseries from Netflix and the best yet from this stable. Really gripping and enjoyable series seen first few episodes and it looks great and the story is building up really well Make sure you have enough time to binge watch this series, because trust me, once you've started watching you won't want to stop. Everything about this series is first class from the writing/dialogue, photography and acting. Always rated Toni Collette as an actor - very talented, but kudos to Kaitlyn Dever for her ability to portray the young victim, drawing the viewer in to her distress, confusion and sense of betrayal by all those around her. But for me, Merritt Wever's performance as Det. Duvall was stellar - at times I felt like I was watching a documentary, at other times I wanted to cry, and then BAM - I would be belly laughing over the dynamic between the two female detectives, Wever's timing is impeccable. I watch A LOT of series, but I only felt the need to create an account and give my 10 stars to this. So well written, and interpreted. Gripping, emotional, real. You absolutely feel the pain of the victims on your skin, in your heart and your mind. You suffer for the poor Marie episode after episode and you would love to be there for her and tell her you believe her and what she went through was unfair and outrageous.
Great portrait of the two detectives, different women but of great strength, determination and professionalism. I wish there was a spin off with both of them solving crimes!
Outstanding job, must watch. Binged it in one. It's very gripping and disturbing.
The first episode i wasn't so sure, if i'd like it. Some parts felt unrealistic and exaggerated. But during the second episode i started to understand why they did it; and therefore i love it again.
i don't know, what more to say without spoiling.
watch it, it's worth your time! After viewing a selection of dismal new releases by Netflix, this was far and beyond the stand-out. One thing Netflix is generally dependable for its production of crime drama's. 'When They See Us' and now 'Unbelievable' both have the swagger and flair to mercurially change the atmosphere to create dynamic depth and substance to the story and characters that alter the viewers perception on what was originally thought.<br/><br/>This factual crime drama may be distressing for some viewers as one of the storyboard arcs follows an adolescent 'Marie Adler' portayed by Kaitlyn Dever. A young women who has had a difficult past through being raised fostering system. Her helpless demeanor is shrouded in a blanket as she is interviewed by an officer in blue regarding her allegations to being raped in her apartment complex in Washington. The scene skips from question to an alternate time frame from the alleged incident as the viewers watches through spread fingers. The officer then sprinkles more realism the scenario through his line of questioning. Marie is exposed to re-live the scenario multiple times over as she has to answer similar questions from detectives and nurses as they follow a protocol of rigmarole when assessing a rape case. She finally is then confronted with the reality she is then to transcribe this horrific ordeal in a witness statement. Her story arc follows her on a journey of turmoil, trust issues and a lost faith in humanity. A highlight of a brilliant script was the conversation between Marie and the Counselor late in the series and how she relates to 'Zombieland'. Dever's performance was brilliant and inspite of the title believable.<br/><br/>The other story arc follows women detectives Duvall (Meritt Wever) and Rasmussan (Toni Collette) who coincidentally join forces in the hunt of a serial rapist within the state of Colorado. This unlikely partnership is a stroke of genius from casting. As my previous recollection of Collette's finest works probably dates back to 'About a Boy', but my memory is corrupted by her appearance in 'Velvet Buzzsaw'. Whilst, Wever has had cameo's in multiple mainstream shows 'The Walking Dead' and 'New Girl'. She indefinitely shined as a lead character in this one, and struck gold in her chemistry with Toni Collete. A cop duo that ranks very highly in my opinion. However, cliche it may have been.<br/><br/>In summary, the show is written, acted and produced brilliantly. It isn't a message rammed down your throat until you're sick but still is enough for you to take notice. The scary thought is that this story is less than a decade old. Nevertheless, i am interested to see whether there will be another season featuring same cast different story. Although, since it is based on truth the likelihood of another season would indicate that it will be a different cast and a different story. From the first minute to the last second, this serie has gotten to me. The details, the acting, the story: I just can't believe this really happened and still is happening. I could feel the anger, sadness, and the pain a young girl like Marie Adler would have felt.
It took me right in and I couldn't stop watching. Finally a great new show worth looking forward to watch. But it was too good, because I watched it in 3 days. I could not take my eyes off the screen and watched the full 8 episodes in one day. Poignant story, superb acting, compelling subject matter, Excellent cinematography, And perfectly executed storytelling in every way. What more could you ever want from the series? Oh, and it's based on a true story. There you have it in a nutshell. Enjoy. I'm sorry, but I just don't get all the "10" ratings. I love a good detective piece, and kudos to Collette, Wever, and Dever for their fine acting skills, and I appreciate the writers' efforts to raise issues about social injustice as it applies to rape cases. BUT, this limited series drags and drags and drags.<br/><br/>There were so many pointless scenes that were clearly meant to enhance the character development, but no one evolves in any way. There's nothing all that interesting about how the case progresses-just a series of clues (with many dead ends) that move along at a snail's pace. In fact, I laughed out loud way into Episode 6 where Collette and Wever discuss how insanely boring police work can be. They certainly got that right!<br/><br/>I really wanted to like this drama, but maybe I would have if it had been made into a 2-hour film and cut out all the filler scenes. Ugh. I was really unsure if I was going to be able to get through the show because of the violence of the first episode but I am so glad I stuck with it. What an incredible piece of work, just absolutely phenomenal. The performances by the three lead actresses are award-worthy, especially Kaitlyn Dever. I hope that the show is awarded in the upcoming year when it is eligible. This was such a masterful piece of storytelling and I know I will probably watch it again some time. Really cannot recommend enough for all who feel they can handle watching it. Well done to everyone involved. As a long time veteran of a police dept much larger than either of those in this story, I can tell you that there is little chance this is a good portrayal of the way these cases unfolded.
The whole bit of the super-driven detective bossing around a bunch of subordinates like a kindergarten teacher is horrible, Hollywood schlock. Detectives that work cases do not dress down a uniformed officers, and are not called "Detective" by their peers. Telling a uniformed Sgt (a supervisor who would outrank her) how to conduct his team? Never.
Netflix has a pattern with this. Mindhunter, and the Ted Kacyznski Manhunt show, are wildly fictionalized. The crimes may be accurately portrayed, but the people involved in the investigations are mostly romanticized, drama-injected fictional characters.
This has to be the same bit, as "detectives" like this just don't fly. Its how the writer wants the story to look. A tense gripping Drama . Incase you liked Law and order SVU than you are going to love this series. If violent sex crimes offend you than give this series a miss. I will highly recommend this series. By no means easy viewing, this is a gripping and profound drama that leaves you simultaneously craving more and begging it to stop as the raw brutality on display deepens and intensifies. Emotional performances make up the unshakable core as the story unfolds, one compelling revelation to the next, told with such a mastery for forced perspective as to have you questioning everything you see; and cleverly threading the story of our compelling lead through the narrative so sparingly as to have her seem as forgotten as she must have felt. This is a nasty must see. The acting is amazing, well done to the main ladies! Being honest, this is very hard to watch. Expect to cry and feel physically sick at points. Marie's compensation cheque made me so frikking angry. Knowing this is based on a true story and it happens more than most are willing to believe it just makes you realise what a dark nasty world we live in now. And how victims of rape can be let down by those they should be able to turn to and trust is disgraceful. This program is heartbreaking but required. A powerful story with unexpected twists and turns. Merritt wever is now my new favorite actress as she was amazing in this limited series. Merritt is such a lovable character and plays her role as lead detective exceptionally. This is such an amazing series that is hard to stop watching. I found I wanted the story line amongst the investigators and detectives to continue for many seasons as they were so dynamic together.<br/><br/>An 8 episode series at approx 45min/episode, this is definately worth watching!<br/><br/>Netflix-- cast Merritt wever in more. The way u always reuse the same actors. This show could have sent a powerful message and it still may to those with a high tolerance for sloppy storytelling. The biggest issue is that every male character in this series is, at best, incompetent or, at worst, evil. In each episode the female detectives involved the case will need to dress down at least one male character because no man, ever, in the history of the world has had any empathy, compassion, or desire to help a rape victim. They weaken their message with hyperbole and exaggeration and it's a real shame. They mask and protect the real incompetent male officers in this story by making every male insensitive and buffoon like. If you have a high tolerance for that I think this is a show worth watching. Interesting and compelling story of a serial rapist, but the preaching gets tiresome and lack of any sympathetic male* characters makes it like SVU x 1000.
*except the Token Nonthreatening Guy, naturally. I love you, to be honest I was loosing hope on writing off these Tv Shows and you come up with this master piece. Great Job well done, I would like to thank the Cast, and everyone who made this show possible.<br/><br/>A little warning guys don't watch the first episode near exams or if you are busy, because you won't be able to stop. When I see trigger warnings my first thought is graphic prolonged scenes.<br/><br/>
I feel victims of sexual Assault will get different triggers out of this series as it covers so much.
For me it was the first episode where statements are given, examinations are performed and the inability to stay focused and appear to others as 'performing' the report or statement.
For others it may be the backlash of a report and the social media attacks.<br/><br/>So many strong female roles in this. Not being a 'feminist' but this was really needed to keep it true to life.
It makes you uncomfortable with good reason . It makes you sad with good reason. Nothing is gratuitous. It's real. Scarily real. Truthfully real.
As much as it brought back some long buried feelings, it was a powerful series that women and men should watch. I can not understand why people want another season. This is a true story.
It was wonderfully cast and written. I remember reading the article back in 2015. It was gut wrenching to read back then and even more emotional to watch. A really good series. Highly recommended.<br/><br/>Beautifully acted, great plot and convincing. I'm always interested in original themes and it delivered. Do yourself a favour and watch this one! This is a good show and rape is a horrible scarring thing that should not be trivialised, by any means. But the way this show tackles this very serious matter is so bland, stereotypical and forcefully inclusive.
Women, wrapped in blankets with pillows on their tummies talking about their feelings. Strong all female detectives, with perfect family lifes, that treat a rape case with a passion as if it's a serial killer case. Rape victims of all sizes, ages and colours do things that you would expect an emotionally disturbed woman to do. Like moving house and unpacking boxes, baking cookies or putting physical things in order. Men being portrait as insensitive and uncooperative. I could literally go on forever.<br/><br/>My point is, the show in itself Is entertaining, keeps you watching and draws you in. But I was constantly taken out because of the bland and forcefully 'strong female' writing. It simply feels like it does not really reflect the real world. Which does not mean women can't be powerful, smart and capable. But this show puts the scale up to 200% and forces it down the viewers throat with no subtlety. It felt artificial. The Good
* Lead duo Merrit Wever and Toni Collette did a great job
* Unique and engaging story<br/><br/>The Bad
* Felt like they added a bunch of water to the script just to add some extra episodes. Could have been concentrated down to 4-6 episodes instead of 8.
* Some plot holes
* Script felt very cliche at times. Especially the parts around the young girl played by Merritt Wever. Another Me too Zeitgeist series. I give 8 woke points for:<br/><br/>1) two old detectives harassing an orphan girl
2) two tough female detectives with masculine cars
3) one white police man on parental leave doing the house work
4) several obese women to overcome false body expectations
5) one old white foster father giving poor orphan girl a hard time
6) male rapist, ex military
7) all female production grew, script, director etc...
8) Obligatory 10s and 9s on IMDb 
Boring implementation of a non fiction book. I just finished the series in a day and i can only say; wow... how heartbreaking this story is. It's even more heartbreaking that it actually happened and that the victims but particularly that one woman had to suffer like that. This is such an eye opening series for police to just. do. better. Great acting as well especially from the 2 detectives. I highly highly recommend this series. Get ready to be angry, disappointed, uncomfortable but most of all just sad during this 8 part series. What a series!!
Please tell me Toni & Meritt will be teaming up again!!! this could be a great series!!!
Toni colette, merrit wever,Kaitlyn dever such amazing performances!!
I loved every minute of this tv show!<br/><br/>Please , please say there will be a season 2!!! I have watched lots of different series and films over the years, some good and some not so good. This was excellent in a unique way which is hard to describe. Somehow it felt so real that I cried in the end, it was a bit of both, sorrow and also happiness and I'm a man and I have not cried in years. I like the details and real emotions and characters in it and I also hope it wins awards and I hope it touches more people. Will recommend it to all my friends. Slow series but the last episode packs a punch. Very well acted & written. The emotions and statements the victims made felt very similar to my own feelings after assault. Overall a superb, honest depiction of sexual assault and the chaos that follows. The distrust and accusations towards victims. The deterioration of relationships. Learning to navigate life in a state of fear. And how one person's dedication and determination could completely shift those tides. I'm honestly so happy this series was made. Honestly what those cops did in the first episode almost made me not want to continue watching this. Why weren't her counselors allowed in the room? Why would they interrogate a victim? This series is exactly at the right time in our societal climate right now. It shows exactly what cops do wrong and exactly what cops do right. I watched half an episode at lunch break, and then when I got home I finished the entire show. I can't remember the last time I glued my ass to the couch to marathon a TV show.<br/><br/>Well done, well acted, and important in scope. It's hard enough for those who have experienced sexual trauma to have to relive it over and over again. And I'm sure it's even harder to then make someone regret reporting their own rape.<br/><br/>There a lot of important talking points that were "shown" and not "told", which is not easy to do because delicately. They pulled it off. From the tenuous nature of how we form memories to their depiction of trauma. All of it was believable and painstakingly though-out (somehow without any of the rigidity of overplanning).<br/><br/>Nooooice. Go watch it. There are many things about this movie that I enjoyed; The way the story of Marie is woven into the investigation is artful. And the performances were amazing, particularly the young actor who played Marie, you can feel her anguish.
However the current man hating trend, enforced by Hollywood is done with the finesse of a sledge hammer. The genderscale has gone haywire in this way to long series. It could easily been edited down to 5 episodes. That said, the story is gruesome as it should be when dealing with the issue of rape. Sad to say the writers has populated the entire film with women in almost every function and filled every malecaracter with sleazy, creepy and no way-to-trust issues. So watching this makes the hole story look like a crusade for female power and this is not what I think was the meaning of the story. Therefore it left me with a foul taste in my mouth. For strong women it is way better to watch Big little lies, Godless og for that sake Peaky Blinders. I'm glad these female detectives only have one case to work at Rome and an unlimited budget to investigate with.
Every white man in the series was either lazy or a creep. I hope this isn't the direction of Netflix going forward. It is based on a true events.
Just excellent from start to end. It was perfectly crafted, acted and written. It transitions perfectly between two story lines never feeling like you are getting cut off too soon. The message is one that needs to be heard.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Denver as marie Adler top notch acting, it took me right in and I couldn't stop watching. Toni Collette and Merritt Wever performance is the highligh of the show.i felt Sad for young woman who was victim blamed by police, Please do not dismiss someone's truth simply because it is inconvenient to you.<br/><br/>Entertaining,yes; Insightful, yes ; essential viewing, absolutely.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This is a really good show. The police work shown is genuinely good and thorough. The story of that little girl is heart breaking. This is one of those shows you literally can not stop watching until the end. The acting is amazing, the storyline perfect and visuals spot on. I found myself tearful more than I'd like to admit when I am the type to literally cry once a year. Loved this and would rewatch on a rainy day! It's so infuriating to think that still there's a system working like this. How do you expect sexual assault survivors would come forward and save themselves if there are people/detectives questioning everything that happened to them in the moment of weakness and still insisting to tell the story even though they are in a very unstable position to even talk to anybody! I feel tremendously sorry for people who've been through this and have been kept forcefully repeating the tragic incident over and over again. The system must be fixed, and assault survivors must be treated better than this! Amazing acting performance, by the way! Great job Kaitlyn Dever! ðŸ™Œ Like it a lot. What a genuine and amazing acting from everybody! This show first coughed my attention because of Toni Collette, despite I'm being always suspicious about Netflix productions that usually don't get my attention, but they nailed it with this show.<br/><br/>The acting, story, direction is amazing. You just can't stop watching.<br/><br/>It's fore sure my favorite Netflix original so far and a gem on their catalog. Great job! Amazing performance of this girl, English is not my language and in my country the movies are broadcast dubbed but I have enjoyed this series in its original language just to enjoy the work of the actresses who do an incredible job. This 8 episode mini series needed to be made, and they did a great job in making it! The cast does a great job of pulling you into their mindsets and the overall storyline. This is very emotional. Loved it! The two lead detective women are incredibly annoying and unlikeable. They are loads of long drawn out boring conversations between them.
The young actress is good and her story is interesting but the lead detectives ruin it. I do t know why everyone is raving about this series. Toni Collette is totally unconvincing and irritating. I enjoy the series enough to be binge watching it. The acting is great and the mystery is intriguing, however it's difficult to remain submerged in the story when the not-so-subtle writers repeatedly slap you in the face with their feminism. Strong female lead, great. Two strong female leads, fantastic. Diverse mix of supporting characters, we're ticking all the boxes. It was the scene where the six female detectives were shooting pool in the bar though, where it just became too unbelievable for me and I had to laugh out loud. Having not a single male in the scene raised my suspicions, and when the token Indian character popped up out of nowhere with her line it just became comical. Like the scene in Avengers End Game when all the female heros happened to assemble  - it was just too much feminism for my fragile, male brain to remain submerged in the action. The writers of this show do not portray men in a good light at all. We have the unsympathetic, mean detectives who messed up the first case. We have the incompetent male coworker who is attacked for not knowing the status of a report. We have the misogynistic frat boy whoes only line of dialogue was to say that the woman the detectives were looking for was in her office, the kitchen. We have the witness reporting on his friend that is portrayed as a bit of a coward for some reason and oh, he had to be explicitly schooled in the definition of rape. Forced sex is rape, boys. We have the weak male lawyer who is pushed around by the strong female cleric who seems to be able to delegate work to the poor man - which was confusing, are we meant to respect the word "no" or not? "His name is Harkness, and he didn't pursue it" - this one line was probably the most blatant revelation of the writers contempt for men; they just had to point out the fact that the detective who had previously let the victim in question down, was male. It simply wasn't necessary. I am surprised they allowed the female character to assume the gender though. I am not going to re-write those reviews which found the series compelling. It is. And there are plenty of characters to root for. The performances - the two officers - are great. However the series does feel stretched-out to achieve the eight episodes.<br/><br/>There are red-herrings a'plenty in the late episodes. The possibility of two suspects really goes nowhere. The cop-suspect angle as well. The final episode is essentially a post-script to the series; we get characters apologizing, then apologizing again, and once more. The 'guilty' get their comeuppance and then get it again. I was certain that the final episode would have at least one dramatic revelation. But no.<br/><br/>In any case, despite my impatience and sometime-frustration, I found the series worth watching. Well, the young actress who plays the first victim is excellent, but the other performances, not to mention the writing and directing, are terrible in this MeTo editorial disguised as a movie. No clichÃ© is overlooked, as the women in this series are almost uniformly saint-like, while the men are, for the most part, heartless, sexist pigs. Instead of dialogue, we mostly hear speeches, including an oft-repeated alleged statistic about domestic violence involving male police officers that has nothing to do with rape investigations, but gives the makers of the series another chance to bash men. Perhaps next Netflix can produce a mini series on the Duke lacrosse hoax case, but I'm not gonna hold my breath. If you too think men are scum, you have definitely struck gold with Unbelievable. I just finished binge-watching this limited series, and have been thinking of all the descriptors I can apply to it. Having waited for 2 years for the second Mind Hunter season, and being deeply disappointed, I was reluctant to delve into another true crime drama. But this was REAL, it was honest, it was extremely well written, it had excellent direction and casting.(I had not heard of the ProPublica article it is based on, but I will find it now.) Actors, director, writer, production - and all done by women! I hesitate to point this out for fear it will be labelled a "chick flick," but that's far from the truth. And no central casting actors - they were diminutive, fat, balding, scruffy, rough, pockmarked, fallible and flawed characters that each actor played well. As a lawyer/former prosecutor, this felt so authentic - from the first crime scene investigation, to the rape exam at the hospital, to the police interviews and subsequent investigations. The dialogue ran true, the procedures were accurate, the actors adeptly underplayed their parts. No B.S. platitudes, no fairy tail endings, no lengthy moralizing of the justice system. Kudos to Netlix for bringing this to us! Too much... just too much, could have been condensed into a much more compelling story. It was purposefully drawn out. I suppose if you have nothing else to do, then burn 8 hours on it. I prefer concise storytelling this is definitely not that! This started off being very engaging and entertaining. After a while it became apparent that this was basically a show against the white male patriarchy. The white male characters were all either twisted, inept, or irrelevant. That's really not a big deal by itself but as the show progressed the main characters, especially Rasmussen, started having these nonsensically long monologues more or less talking about how they weren't going to let men get away with this anymore. They went out of their way to make the main female characters engage in stereotypically male activities to the point of being cliche (e.g., the sink repair, the car restoration). Jesus, they even had a billiards scene, straight out of every other cop/detector show made. One of the more peculiar aspects of the show was the emotional tantrum Rasmussen had over her husband or partner or whatever he was not giving her the dossier on a suspect - that is, acting stereotypically female. The army of women and one stumbling but competent brown dude saved the day despite being so emotionally invested in everything they couldn't keep themselves together half of the time. The silly theatrical monologues, the behavior of the characters, the whole setup was just plain cheesy and it became more and more overacted and overdone as the series progressed. Despite all of that the most disappointing aspect of the series to me was the ending. They wrapped every single little loose end up in a nice little bow with as happy an ending as could be had for everyone. If anything the show should've ended with the picture of the ID on the girl's stomach. It was just too much all around. It could've been a great series if it didn't hammer everyone over the head with every single point and ultimately be so predictable. In the end it seemed little more than an after school special for grown ups. If they'd spent more time on the focussing on the actual story and less time making every man in this looooong drawn out series to be either a stammering idiot, sleazy letch, incompetent fool, unsympathetic oaf, or just plain nasty, it might have been ok. By the fifth episode I was finding it more entertaining just looking out for all the hilariously cliched ways they could denigrate men. Would have been better without the whole "Men are evil/bad. They're bad even if they don't know it". Apparently we can only have strong female characters of the men are weak and stupid. It's by no means a soap opera but it leaves you wanting to know what's next. It is well cast and very well acted. The characters and character interaction help this but the story is the key to making it what it is. There is very little fluff and what is there is used to explain the characters. It is a captivating film that is extremely touching especially in the last two episodes. I don't rate many films but I thought this one deserved note. Sooooo...the female detectives are superheroes, the male detectives are insensitive animals, the female victims are strong, brave survivors, ALL males are villains...
Unless you are a victim of rape, you are NOT the target audience of this ABSOLUTE CRAP! The series starts off interestingly enough. The story itself is truly compelling and literally award winning. This portrayal, however, ends up dragging on, and ends up being utterly mundane, boring, mediocre, etc. I can't fathom how one could turn such a compelling story into such a boring one. Amazing acting and well written story!! I was crying at the end for Marie. So happy with the conclusion of this great story!!! Unbelievable! A B-rated movie gets a high score of 8.5. I understand that rape is a disgusting phenomenon and we've seen many good screen dramas discussing that tragedy in a woman's life. But Unbelievable is just boring! There's no artistic value to this long story which didn't say anything new that we didn't see before. How in the world did it get such a high score?! This show is very well done! Pulls you in from the start and keeps you glued! All of the actresses abosulutely make you feel their pain. The based on true events makes you feel the angst of being a woman and not not being respected even when reporting a horrific crime. I told my daughter (28) that she needs to watch it. Netflix, you are on a role! I binged watched this. The acting was fantastic! Episode 1 is powerful, amazing stuff. The last episode has closure and some nice moments too. Literally everything else is skippable. The show should have been JUST Marie. That's all I cared about, but even that story got repetitive with little follow up. Thought this was one of the more disappointing netflix shows so far This should have been this years "true detective" - The acting was up there as was the story, fantastic stuff. I just love Toni Collete, and everyone else was outstanding. Wever, Collete and Dever all deserve the highest recognition. Fantastic performances by all. Excellent supporting cast with complex writing and direction. Layer upon layer of revelation of all the nuisance of societies failings in the handling of rape cases by everyone who is touched by them. Dramatic television put to its best use. An expose of the flaws inherent in the criminal justice system and its self redemption in 8 tight episodes. You're left with a profound appreciation for why change and change agents are critical to our criminal justice system. Acting is amazing and story is gripping. Although I wanted to know how it would end, I did not want it to end. So hard to find great shows to watch. Netflix way to go! I thought the series was fantastic. I liked all the actors, they all nailed their parts. My only issue, which is becoming a common complaint, is that all the heroes of the story are women or minorities and all the "bad" people are white men. The story would have been emotional and all and all a good pick for the series, but they obviously didn't trust that people could think by themselves so they decided to push their chosen agenda down the series-watchers throat. I couldn't watch more than a few episodes. This is one of the best crime series I have ever watched. You get to believe what I say because I'm the biggest crime fan in the world (you bet I am). I have watched the best of Scandinavian and English series along with those in other languages. Considering that I'm a world cinema fan, I am aware of virtually each and every good crime series made across the world. But this one is unique (till date). It's so realistic and with excellent acting, direction and the lazily yet gripping story telling, this one is right at the top with the best ones like The Bridge (Danish: Broen; Swedish: Bron) and The Killing (Danish: Forbrydelsen). Was hoping to find another great Netflix series after watching Mindhunter. This was not it. Extremely slow and felt like watching a lifetime movie. Every character felt like the biggest cliche imaginable. Believe women, I get it. But c'mon. This is little more than a heavily agendized Lifetime Movie of the week. Apparently in Colorado only women are competent police officers. This message is so heavy handed as to make this unwatchable. Don't bother. I loved everything about this show from the characters to the intensive police work shown within the series and how they catch the suspect. Incredible story and incredible acting Could only make it through 4 episodes. The series had great potential but seemed to be more geared toward promoting a strong #me too agenda rather than actually telling the story. Got tired of seeing female "detective" in her manly blue suit bossing around her staff and scolding her husband as he dutifully cooks dinner for her, takes care of the kids, and of course walks on eggshells to not upset Mrs.detective. Equally annoying was the other even more "powerful" detective from her husband's precinct who looks about 75 years old but acts hip and wears cool jeans while she intimidates everyone around her especially any men. She also had a desk partner, another "important" "powerful" woman of course who also looks like she was working 30 years beyond retirement.<br/><br/>I mean really, do they think people are stupid, that we can't see the movie is so far from reality but only has this agenda. Here's the thing, all men are not stupid, weak, feminine, sexist beings and being powerful as a woman does not mean to be a smart alec , shooting orders at everyone and displaying masculine behaviors. And treating your husband like he's a wife.<br/><br/>I hope netflix doesn't continue in this vein I'd love to see the same story told and being of the quality of Line of Duty, True Detective, Cracker, even Taggart. This sadly doesn't come close to any of these or many other equally good detective shows. Perfectly watchable with standout acting from the main victim and an important look at an issue in need of much more attention. Probably this shows biggest win is how it illustrates the police handling of rape victims. Well acted and low on flash effects it does have a great edge of reality, it was a bit of a slow start but by episode 3 or 4 it had me, but then the subject matter is not a pleasant one and to stay true to that they didn't try to jazz it up, it felt real, worth a look. The story was very interesting and the acting was generally good, with the exception of Karen Duvall who was completely emotionless and uninteresting until the last 30 minutes of the final episode. However, the brilliance of the narrative was largely overshadowed by an over-the-top feminism motif. All of the main characters are female and there is not a single sympathetic male character. In fact all but one, the black male FBI agent, are completely incompetent, unlikable, or evil. There are even a few overt jabs at male incompetence or bad nature. I appreciate female empowerment, but in this case it was poorly, even angrily done and it greatly distracted and detracted from the overall quality of the series. Production values, acting, dialogue fabulous. This level of excellence is something I would love to see more often! Men bad, cops bad. Rinse and repeat for 8 episodes with no story to tell. Brie Larson was ok in it though. I watched this over two nights .. sadly it does contain sexual assault flashbacks but that's the whole point of the story. the characters are fantastic the acting n production are excellent and there is suspense as well
as funny moments and the ultimate sadness, but comes also is a hope<br/><br/>deffo would watch another series if as good<br/><br/>well worth watching Incredibly sharp writing, and an altogether well-crafted series. A must watch for anyone interested in real life criminal cases. Ok I binge-watched and the show kept me hooked. Initial thoughts (both good and bad):<br/><br/><ul><li>Unbelievable is a crime drama, less a thriller and more a police procedural show</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>I felt maybe it could have been 6 episodes instead of 8 and still the effect would have been the same</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>both the detectives play their roles well but I was more impressed by Merrit Wever's character, how she personally cares about the victim and how she doggedly pursues the case</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Kaitlyn Dever, the young girl is terrific as the main character of the series..her expressions, her indecisiveness, the sadness all comes across as natural</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>watching that initial episode of Kaitlyn, the first thoughts that came to mind was why there was no one accompanying her during the police process, guiding her and why there were no female police officers present during her case investigation</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>the series' way of showing two parallel timelines one after the other works very well ..one involving the first victim Kaitlyn's life after the attack and other being the detectives working on the case</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>from the first episode till the last, I was waiting for the first victim (Kaitlyn) to meet with the 2 lady detectives who actually solve the case, but it doesn't happens. I understand in real life also they never met face to face</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>finally Kaitlyn does come out kind of winning so it feels good and you do care for her</li></ul><br/><br/>A true story about a shocking serial crime, presented very well and a recommended watch. Incredibly acted, amazingly crafted, and overwhelmingly sincere. One of the best new series this year. Watched it all in one sitting, and you will be inclined to the same. Kaitlyn Dever's breakthrough performance which will resonate throughout the rest of her career (a complete transformation from the utterly dry Last Man Standing). Merritt Wever is in her element, and Toni Collette shines. A true tour de force of acting, writing, and directing that you won't want to miss! 8 amazing episodes!! Masterpiece! There are Very important massage to the society in it! This is simply seat of the edge . After a long time an American show that matches the best BBC detective tv shows . Acting is first rate, particularly the young girl . They could have condensed this show by at least 4 episodes. It moves very slowly. Kept my interest though, especially since it was based on a true story. The three women leads' performances were top notch, especially Marie, the troubled young girl we see first. Worth a watch. This is without a doubt one of the hardest programs I have ever watched in my 49 years on this planet.<br/><br/>Given the subject it needed to be.<br/><br/>The Acting is just superlative by all concerned.<br/><br/>In particular by Australian Toni Colette and the Young Actor in ep 1 had me in pieces by the end of that episode (I watched it over several days - all at once was too much). The cinematography & writing is right on the money. The music is what it should be, background and not taking away or overwhelming the action on screen.<br/><br/>This set off some personal demons of my own as I went through something similar myself with no one believing I was being abused by my mother for years. Even as an adult my brothers and sisters refuse to accept it took place to this day.<br/><br/>I am Trans (always was, always will be), and a survivor of Conversion Therapy, I have been interviewed by the Australian Police in exactly the manner shown here in relation to both the abuse and the so called therapy on several occasions. The attitudes on display here, especially by the Foster Mums (their attiudes were particularly hard for me to view due to my own personal history) and the Male Detectives are not something to be found just in the USA but are a worldwide attitude that can still be found in some quaters to this day.<br/><br/>This needs to change.
It's a change that has been overdue for a long long time.<br/><br/>I would advise in the strongest terms that anyone who is a survivor of any kind of abuse watch it, but be aware that it will drag up stuff you might prefer to keep buried. There are several scenes and attitudes displayed that Survivors in particular will find both confronting and likely to create feelings of rage and sadness.<br/><br/>As I said its not an easy watch, thankfully the acts of violence that are at its heart are not glorified or exploited - which is also a nice change.<br/><br/>But it is something that should be viewed, just be aware if your a Survivor.<br/><br/>If possible watch it with a friend.<br/><br/>Thats what I did.
Holding hands on several occasions (especially during the final heartbreaking scene on the bridge - as someone I know says, been there, done that, got the scars from it).<br/><br/>Give me this type of quality work over 'game of thrones' hype any day.<br/><br/>If your a fan of the wire or homicide life on the street, this is for you.<br/><br/>10/10. Now it is 2020, so i can be very short about Unbelievable; it was the best series in 2019. The most impressive thing is the acting of two lead characters, Merritt Wever as detective Duvall and Kaitlyn Dever as Marie. The whole direction and screenplay had a beautiful flow. It went a bit stretched but never "un-interesting". It was so compelling that I binge watched it. At the end I felt really bad, as the series is based on true incidents. One word -Brilliant!
Everything was right about this show,script,acting you name it.
The scene where Marie's phones up Duvall is the highlight of the whole show.Way to go Netflix. Actress were brilliant, you can see in their eyes what a rape victim feels eveeryday. Really strong performances,so good to see a women led piece that is actually good,so many bad vehicles for women, this is actually good writing. Nice one netflix I watched the first episode and wasn't too sure, but I am so glad I didn't give up, it's not done in a sentimental wrapped up kind of way, but sticks to the facts. Even though at times it got a little uncomfortable the characters played out their parts superbly. More than "worth a watch", good one Netflix!! I loved this cast!
It was hard to watch because the story was so sad. I felt especially sad for the young woman who was victim blamed by the police...so disturbing.<br/><br/>I would love to see these two lead characters together again. This is definitely a contender.<br/><br/>This is one of the best acted, written and directed works I have seen this year, which is saying something because Mindhunter (Netflix Season 2), When They See Us (Netflix) and I am the Night (Amazon Prime) were all very very good.<br/><br/>As ever, the synopsis and trailer on IMDB outline the plot but what they can't say fully is just how maturely a fairly incendiary subject matter is handled to deliver not only characters we feel for but televised drama (inspired by true events) that evoke a real nightmarish sense of just how difficult and complicated it is to get justice.<br/><br/>Entertaining, yes; insightful, yes; essential viewing, absolutely.<br/><br/>Hats off to all involved. I just want to point out two actresses that I think did a phenomenal job, Merritt Wever & Kaitlyn Dever. They carried this series and were amazingly convincing in their roles. Great job ladies. Binge worthy series that is a must see. Taken from an article about the story (that stretched a few years) from Pro Publica it is a wonderfully crafted work in many ways. It is, initially, a cautionary tale about male detectives and female rape victims, but widens it's view to look at great by the book police investigating leading to justice. It also sheds light on how poorly even professionals understand the mentally fragile by re victimizing them. The acting ensemble are magnificent from Wever to Dever and the incomparable Collette. See you at the Emmy's. But... the feminist political message that women are strong and men are weak and 40% of men beat up women all the time was just to chringe to look at.<br/><br/>Why do all movies/series/video games have to have a political message these days? I just want to enjoy a show.<br/><br/>Still give it a 7 because I really wanted to watch till the end to find out who the rapist is. Also the actress who plays Marie did a wonderful job. I really felt for her and what she had to go through I really loved the show, the story concept and how the victims are treated, and the manhunt made for great watching I think this is the biggest pile off rubbish I've ever watched.. dragged out over 8 episodes.. I'm on 7 I'm not watching the 8th.. So so boring.. It could have been told in half the time.. unlikeable characters... long drawn out stares... Terrible... It is truly unbelievable how some people are giving this 10 stars... This is very powerful television. The writing is brilliant and the narrative moves forward at the ideal pace. The chemistry between the two lead cops is very well translated on screen. There is such a stark difference in the way Detective Duvall speaks to Amber and how the cops speak to Marie.<br/><br/>This is an especially important series in light of the metoo movement. Believe victims! Because as you can see in the case of Marie, they have nothing to gain and everything to lose. Please do not dismiss someone's truth simply because it is inconvenient to you. Every Adult and teenager should watch this, regardless of gender. The first two episodes may not sit well with you, but this is a very realistic drama. Started out strong and then the show really clobbered the viewer over the head with the message that whistle make cops are all (or at least 40%) are violent, humbling, rapists, or all of the above. Nearly every male character is either meek, bumbling, violent, or ignorant. Also, thank god there is finally a crack team of female police that can finally solve the unbelievable serial rape cases cause lord knows it would've never been solved with the men in the universe this show takes place. Had they cooled it with the long winded soliloquies and temper tantrums then no doubt this show would of been a ten from me. But being a white make my rating has no value now that I'm canceled. I watched this TV movie because I am a Kaitlyn Dever fan. Unfortunately, the film consisted mostly of Ms. Dever frowning in facial close-ups. The rest of the film moved at a glacial pace. It could have, and should have, lasted no more than a couple of hours. There was just too much wasted time and too many wasted scenes. The show has an intriguing premise, but I found the overbearing "Tough Girl" detective routine nauseating.
White-men-as-root-of-all-evil is on full display as male characters appear incompetent, uncaring, emasculated nimrods being bullied by the uber-tough Alpha She male's.
The inflated ratings prove the media adores "oppressed" factions of society playing lead roles in average shows.
See "Captain Marvel". First of all, this WOKE series is based on a story by ProPublica. That explains a lot. ProPublica, Mother Jones, Rawstory are all extreme left wing publications with an agenda. But try to find the ACTUAL case and actual people involved. They are nowhere to be found. So, how much of the story is true? Probably not much, but as in horror movies, if they say it's based on a true story, it will generate interest. The only thing good about this movie is the acting. Especially that Devers girl. But save your time and possibly go with an Amazon Prime account for less WOKE tv The best thing I've seen on Netflix since Dirty John. Bloody amazing. Hats off to all the acting too, I had chills and watched the entire thing in one day! There are so many great things to say about this limited series. The acting, by everyone is simply stellar. I've loved Kaitlyn Dever since Justified and she doesn't disappoint here. Some scenes with her are so captivating, so heart wrenching that I wanted to scream as if I were in the room with her and the cops. The character development is so layered and so rich. Toni Collette and Merritt Wever are expected to be great but their work here is exceptional. This is tough subject matter but it's done with heart and respect. It focuses well-done quick flashes (which give you more than enough context) rather than scare tactics. It homes in on the investigation and the victim's lives and how they've been impacted. How each person, even though they've experienced very similar things, have very unique situations. And you see how the two female detectives, also from different cities and backgrounds come together and work unrelentingly for these victims to bring them justice and closure. I binged this one straight through, once I started I just couldn't tear away. Just one of those shows that stays with you, but in a good way despite the subject matter. Your left feeling hopeful, knowing that there are heroes out there willing to go to any lengths necessary to bring justice to those who deserve it. You won't regret choosing to watch this. No doubt there will be Emmys lined up for this one. Gripping till last scene. Exellelent performances, well directed series. Really appreciated watching some amazing talent. Some of this is hard watching( subject is tough!!!) But the acting, and the reality of it all was inspiring and amazing to experience. Highly recommend this as a must see. I don't write many reviews, but this limited series was one of the most profound, layered and moving shows I have seen in some time. The topic is not new. The approach to story telling is not fresh. What moved me what the absolute dedication to the message. Buried under the crime drama, who done it, was a story about society's disrespect for the sexually assaulted and the steadfast effort that it takes to cut through the misogyny and victim blaming.<br/><br/>In a society where "rape culture" is actually a thing and far too often the victims are accused of fabrications or outright lying, a story comes forward pours the emotion onto the screen. The tension of the two storylines builds. You know they will intersect. You know what the resolution is, but it remains gripping. In part because you understand that this is real. This could be anyone. This could be someone you know.<br/><br/>Suspense this series is not. The identity of the rapist is inconsequential to the story. He is a face in the crowd of men who have lost sight of their humanity. He was not important, in the story or in life. He ruined countless lives, but he made some stronger. He was brought to justice by strong women (and men). We must, as conscientious members of society, rise up against such injustice, believe those who are strong enough to come forward and make a safer space for everyone. That was my first thought after binding this series: cops need to watch this and learn how to and how not to interview a victim. They dropped the ball big time with Marie, but seeing the other detectives interviewing victims with love, empathy, etc. made it even more obvious and poignant.<br/><br/>This show was emotionally harsh to watch, but also extremely giving, especially about the way the system works (in the US at least) ... I would suggest it to everyone. I had no clue what this would be about but was enthralled with the writing and pace of this drama. I don't understand the high reviews. The acting was good in some places and abysmal in other scenes. Everything felt sensationalized but in a bad way.<br/><br/>It lacked authenticity and since the source material was great they didn't need to ruin it by bringing in classic tropes. I wish they could make a woman empowerment show without it feeling like it's shoved down my throat.<br/><br/>But alas, it isn't here. I couldn't stop watching this. A tragic story, Marie Adler was and is a remarkable, brave girl, Kaitlyn Dever's performance was excellent as well as Merritt Wever's performance. Toni Collette also did a wonderful job but I feel Kaitlyn and Merritt really deserved to be nominated for a Golden Globe Award instead of Toni. This mini series is a must see for sure!! When someone has something to tell you, you listen; and I would find pleasure to stress on the word again, 'listen'. It is possibly the least expensive thing you can do to someone, while on the other hand it means the world to them. You listen to their happiness, you listen when they're sad, you listen when they share a secret and most importantly listen carefully when the secret is about a sexual assault.<br/><br/>One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say. -Bryant H. McGill<br/><br/>Netflix's 'Unbelievable' is an elaborate TV series describing the aftermath of a sexual assault, and the effect it has on a woman when there is nobody to listen.
We're closing 2019, the earth has evolved, apes have become humans, a walnut sized brain can hold innumerable amount of data, people respond to protests, contest in elections, voice out opinions of social media on a daily basis, but why is it that only 0.5% of the world's population cares to address how sexual assault can affect an individuals life? why is burglary or murder not taken as carelessly as rape?<br/><br/>'Unbelievable' opens with a dramatic sequence of a 12 year old girl called Marie Adler, played by Kailtlyn Dever. Marie is seen whimpering and shivering uncontrollably in her dorm after she reports to be raped during the early hours of the morning. The cops arrive and file a report asking her to explain every detail about her assault. In the sequences to come, she explains the same thing over and over again, to other police personnel, detectives, doctors and nurses. The writer has carefully revealed that the victim undergoes twice the abuse after she files a complaint; in the sense that, the victim is asked to repeat and relive the assault multiple times by the police because they have to 'file' it for verification.<br/><br/>The post-traumatic stress that Marie goes through ever since her assault is unnerving. Initially, she has the support of her friends, her foster parents, and those from her housing as well, until her reports are deemed to be false because there has been no trace of any DNA on her body or any suspicious activity around her house. In a snap, she is made to believe that her reality is a lie. The reports are published in all the newspapers, Marie is charged to be guilty of false reporting, leading her to doubt whether she was 'raped or not'. She loses friends, her foster parents do not want to take her in anymore, loses a job due to the haunting past, and gradually questions her own sense and sensibility.<br/><br/>The series only gets interesting from when Marie's case is closed by the state police, and another case is registered somewhere in Colorado. The sequence of events are intense, descriptive and not a single detail is ignored.<br/><br/>One can find the standards of 'unbelievable' equivalent to Netflix India's 'Delhi Crime' when looked at as a series that speaks on the lines of similar occurrences.
The colours have been carefully composed to suit the emotion is every frame. Mostly pastel, with utmost minimalism has been practiced. Cinematography is remarkable, direction is crisp and to the point. The actors are to be lauded for their devoted consistency and life like presence on screen.<br/><br/>Overall, a slight drama can be witnessed amidst a few episodes, but very well justified to keep up with the pace of the incidents. Unbelievable stands at the A+ in the Netflix crib, and deserves laurels for its brilliance. My wife and I really enjoyed this thriller/drama the acting and direction were both at a very high standard.
Most tv shows I watch feel like a tv show this felt like a film hence why we binged the series over 3 nights.<br/><br/>Highly recommend Beautiful example of storytelling that is both entertaining and socially relevant. I liked nearly everything about this series. Thought the first episode was a little off (too on the nose with some of the acting/directing) but the episodes that followed were amazing. So much great acting and filmmaking. Congrats to the creative team. It's literally unbelievable. Story, Acting, Direction top notch... One of the best shows on Netflix.
Left me thinking that though many worse things happen everyday but there is hope there is faith...
Ended with a smile.. Just Brilliant... Strongly Recommended Weber & Collette did a fantastic job and the writers are to be commended;
the screenplay it was wonderfully written. This show is a must see and not to miss. There will be Emmy nominations for sure! It is rare for me to binge an entire show, 8 episodes, in one day. But there was a soul to this story and I couldn't look away without knowing how it ends. It is also rare for me to find all corners of a story without flaw, but this show succeeds. Not one weak character or actor. Not one weak storyline. Superb acting, engaging story, gripping from the outset.. loved this! My wife and I were looking for something to watch. Unbelievable sounded interesting. Interesting is an understatement.<br/><br/>This is not typical TV cops solving a crime in 45 minutes. This is agonizing, putting the disparate pieces together by women who care. Great script, acting, production. I don't want to say any more, because this needs to be seen without preconceived ideas. I mean, "great" is not a word enough to describe this series. The three mains all did a perfect job in portraying their roles. Everyone did amazing actually. It's a powerful, moving series I will never forget. A true story always seems more interesting...but how true is it? Is it a 'true story', or a 'some of what follows is true' show?<br/><br/>I see a lot of people praising this as if it were Citizen Kane. It clearly is not a perfect series by any stretch of the imagination. No way it is a 9 or 10...don't buy that for a second. Some great acting...some terrible acting. Lots of unbelievable situations that simply would not happen. A heavy dose of man-bashing...give us at least one male character that isn't a total wimp or a buffoon.<br/><br/>In reading the reviews I see a lot of people talking about how horrible it was how the two male detectives in the first episode treated the victim. Well, who was it that planted the seed of doubt in their heads? The former foster mother...and her own friends. And let's face it...the victim's story had holes all in it...and she did change her story several times. It feels more like the writers didn't want to show a realistic portrait of what happened...they wanted to keep you guessing to if it really happened or not. In doing that it made the police look like they were dealing with an unstable woman instead of a victim.<br/><br/>Then at the end...she lies to the police several times muddying the water then berates them for not believing her in the first place? It just doesn't make sense only because it was poorly written in episode one.<br/><br/>In my opinion the first episode must be stronger to show more police interrogation berating her to change her story. In the show she flows back and forth on her story like a butterfly with very little pushing from the police. And the last episode must be a lot less about pointing fingers...especially when you paint the victim as a liar from the beginning. "Hey, I lied to you several times...but how dare you not believe me!"<br/><br/>The 'me too' movement is so important. It is necessary to tell stories of women, hire female crew members, etc. But Hollywood needs to find that happy medium where women are heard, are respected, and are strong, without reducing men to buffoonish caricatures. This period of Hollywood should be about equality and not revenge. This series seems too much about revenge...but can't even seem to do that well. Poor writing, one terrible acting job by one of the detectives, and a clear agenda that was viewed as more important than telling the true story knocked this down greatly for me.<br/><br/>A true story, especially one about a serial rapist, is too important an undertaking to use the way this series was by the writers. It seemed like a perfect series for me.
I enjoy crime dramas, I am a feminist (and a supporter of me too movement which seems not to be a case for many critics of this series :/), the cast seemed decent (I am a huge fan of Toni Collette) plus I think it is an important story to be told.<br/><br/>But...<br/><br/>Around 5th episode I just had enough
<ul><li>the story was unnecessarily stretched</li><li>the preaching - don't get me wrong, I do not mind all the message(s) per se. It is the way it was delivered. Like to a teenage kid, TV 2nd class production from the 90s that has to be said directly, with no room for a metaphor or independent thoughts of the viewer letting her or him to process the events. And the preaching moments were not only limited to feminist issues (which was already highlighted) but also religious.The combo was too much for me.</li><li>the acting... Despite of the names that should make it enjoyable to watch. It was just wooden, stiff and unrelatable - the leading detectives were (no pun intended) unbelievable. Other characters also were difficult to stand.</li></ul><br/><br/>The only thing that I liked im the series was the main character/the main victim. The young actress - Kaitlyn Dever - that I haven't seen in anything else, was the only one saving the show for me. When story was focusing on her narrative, her confusion, her struggle - it was strong, it was not obvious, it was complex.<br/><br/>Recently I am very disappointed with Netflix productions that IMHO opinion insult viewers intelligence. Such a wasted potential. Don't believe the hype!.. this is slow and relatively boring from start to finish.. the only real premise for this show is women detectives fighting back for women who were victims of rape.. strong but no real twists or anything 'unbelievable' contained within the story itself ..<br/><br/>Good acting and strong cast but really doesn't deserve anything more than a 6.. it was a disappointing binge .. Enough said about how briljant this serie is. I want to say, thank you Kaitlyn. This series wasn't 2d, it was 3d. The feeling that Marie had, came right in my living room. It was so clear, so pure. Of course it was really painful to see and feel, but it is so astonising when that happens in a serie. So very, very good job,for making this so real. I started watching this last night and finished this pm. Even gave up two football games that I have been eagerly anticipating. I can't think of any reason why I didn't give it a ten because it deserves one. Acting was excellent and the story telling was just exactly the right pace. I've seen very few as good as this,, maybe Cherynobl and Trotsky were better but only by a sliver. Netflix can make a bushel basket of not so good but they more than make up for it with one one like this. Netflix you have done the impossible - weaned me off football. Fantastic acting, the story held you from start to finish
I never review anything but I had to for this, it may not be comfortable viewing at times but what a powerful story , well acted , well presented and thoroughly enjoyable . Thanks Netflix The editing in this docudrama was lacking. Each episode seemed way too long with too much time thinking and looking out the window. This show should have been around 4 to 5 episodes. I didn't see the need for full male frontal nudity either. The frist couple of episodes have minimal cussing, then it was as if the women felt it became important to use as may F words as they could, like a little competition. Lowers the IQ of cast and the viewers as well.<br/><br/>Great story, good show, but could have been so much better. I applaud Netflix for taking on such a heavy topic and the actresses that portrayed the victims did a great job. Kaitlyn dever should win every award going for her performance in this, she is amazing, the story is not an easy watch, in fact it is very uncomfortable to watch in places, it tells the story of the rape of a young troubled girl, but unlike some shows it doesnt do it in a way that is voyeuristic, it shows how badly she was treated by the police in the original case and by the people who were supposed to be her friends and carers, it shows why women are so reluctant to report these crimes if this is how they are treated, it is a must see, but it is not a comfortable watch I thoroughly enjoyed this insense, thrilling, injustice and powerful tv snow! Definitely worth a watch, I myself watched the entire miniseries across two days!! This is a new different kind of true crime story with several dramatic twists!
Definitely worth a watch! 4/5 This is wonderfully acted, mostly by the rape victims. The principle actors, the cops, not so much. Very hokey, predictable, and overdone.<br/><br/>Direction and production fantastic, and most of the script is fantastic, except...<br/><br/>This thing is written by a woman, directed by a woman, main producer is a woman, and it's basically a hate letter to men. If you're a guy, you'll feel like you were drinking an estrogen malted while taking a Summer's shower.<br/><br/>They had good points to make, but their sloppy efforts at making men look bad at every turn was over the top. Just too many instances that weren't needed, losing them credibility. Additionally, they masculinizad the women cops to absurd lengths. Five women cops shooting pool discussing the case. Yeah, right. The only thing missing were cigars and a spittoon.<br/><br/>But, still worth the watch. The first and main rape victim, the "Unbelievable" one, is worth the price of admission alone. Fantastic actress. It's a constant check-up of feelings. And a vague mix of things that maybe could have happened. But maybe not have happened. Because of a feeling. Feelings feelings feelings. Men are pigs and stupid.<br/><br/>Fill in for whom this series is 'mindblowingly' good and 'gripping'. Toni Collette is fantastic as always as is Kaitlyn Dever. The main issue is like a lot of Netflix series it does drag on a bit. Would have made an excellent film or 2 part drama but over 8 eps it has some flabby moments and could have done with some trimming. It's a compelling story though and very powerful. Yes it does stray into the well worn cliche of 'white men are bad, women and POC are good' but that is kinda expected with mainstream media in todays climate. It's based on a true story but probably quite loosely tbh. (It is slightly odd that it's presented as bad male cops failing women which is true up to a point but re Marie and her case it was actually her two foster mums who told the police they thought she was lying rather than them coming to that conclusion) This is a decent show that is well worth watching but it is not worthy of an 8.7 rating. The acting is above average but the plot is slow to develop and will put you to sleep if you are the slightest bit tired. This is one of the finest crime thrillers that I have seen in recent past. It has amazing acting from all the actors , flawless writing and gripping direction.
But what actually make this different from all other good crime thriller is that it gave me complete insight into the whole incident, it felt so humane so believable .a must watch cause it will open many windows of our consciousness. The premise for this series is based on a true story. There are 2 mysteries at the heart of the story. One is why would a young girl who claimed to have been raped tell conflicting stories about how it happened. Why would she begin to doubt whether it really happed at all. Why would she eventually tell the police that she lied and made the whole thing up?
The second mystery is why it took 2 1/2 years for the police and FBI to catch the rapist. How was he able to avoid leaving any evidence behind? How was he able to break into women's homes in the middle of the night without being caught or seen by neighbors?
The problem is that it takes 8 episodes for all this to play out, and the story could have easily been told in 3. But in order to stretch a story into a Netflix series, you have to have a lot of filler. Filler is what you get. There are lots of boring conversations, boring dinners with family, and boring police work. Of course this is what fast forward is for. At the end, though they catch the rapist, these mysteries are not really solved. In fact, you are left with many more mysteries having to do with inefficient police work. The series tries to avoid the issue of why years went by without any progress in the case by playing with time. They create the impression this is all happening more quickly than it actually did, as was clear from the article this series was based on. Excellent, absorbing mini-series. The "This American Life" Podcast recently aired this incredible true story -- and the expanded coverage over eight episodes doesn't disappoint. I just have one not-so minor quibble with the character choices-the aspects not based on facts of the case but added to heighten the drama and increase the entertainment experience of the watching the eight episodes. The writing team chose to make the hardnose Det Rasmussen an atheist, while giving us a churchgoing, devout Christian Det Duvall. Ok, so far, so good. Expect some clash of world views while learning to work together.<br/><br/>However, and here's where I expect lots of down votes, but it needs to be asked: Why is it that Hollywood feels compelled in the few times an out-of-the-closet atheist is featured to make that person somehow envious of the religious person's faith? I've spoken with and communicated online with many freethinkers like myself. The idea of being envious of someone else's faith (belief, in the absence of facts) never comes up. Granted, some atheists and agnostics note the social benefits of belonging to a robust faith community, especially in such a majority-religious country like the US. And people raised religious who leave their congregations often long for their former community. But being envious of a religious state of mind is a foreign concept to most rationalists. So, the scene near the end when the Det Rasmussen admits to praying to God is such a tired Hollywood trope. I had more respect for HBO True Detective pairing of the religious Woody Harrelson and the wacky, nihilist/atheist Matthew McConaughey. They go through a lot together, to put it mildly. But McConaughey never waivers in his atheism. I have an idea. The next time writers pair an atheist and religious partner, be bold and have the religious partner lose faith in their worldview and then (gasp) keep it that way. "Unbelievable " was a very good serial with excellent performances by everyone. Everything about this show was top notch.
8/10 We're all sick of crime dramas right? Well as another one is churned out it takes on some unique qualities. Two female detectives at the forefront of crime trying to solve a difficult case. What makes this more intriguing however is the clever way that Marie's character is threaded through the plot. At times too distant but forever present Kaitlyn Dever delivers a brilliant performance.
The first five episodes breathe new life into what is obviously a saturated genre. It feels fresh and unique as you're left as confused as the lead character. This somewhat deteriorates towards the last few episodes as the crime is resolved. The main story becomes something of an afterthought and the script becomes slightly predictable.
A harrowing story told well that deserved a better rating but was let down by the few aforementioned irritations. Another that must be mentioned is the casting of Dale Dickey. Made up to look like the other side of law she sits uncomfortably within the rest of the law enforcement. This feels purposeful yet jarring.
All in all a worthwhile watch with an accurate title in more ways than one. Excellent acting, very bingeworthy and well paced. Highly recommended. Everything about this series is incredible. The writing, acting and the sensitivity with which the story was told.<br/><br/>I hope the victims found some peace. To know that this is based on true events is absolutly mind blowing....good acting, good story...if you like detectives stuff youll be served....loved it..... The first two episodes did not convince me yet totally but luckily, I stayed on and this fab series picks up more and more from episode to episode.<br/><br/>The actors are doing a fine job. The story does not take major unexpected turns but stays exciting enough to look forward to the continuation and the next episode.<br/><br/>I gladly give it nine stars. It is worth watching and I'd recommend it anytime, despite its tough crime subject of violent rape.<br/><br/>Yes, you should watch it! ;-) Did not watch very much of this, though more than I usually would have before the broad strokes this "based on" story were fairly obvious. Big fan of Kaitlyn Dever who did a commendable job in everything but picking this project. All the men are just thoughtful or diligent enough to keep their jobs - helping victims, though what counseling convince them to go into the the biz is beyond me. Women are thoughtful and believing(!!) and the victim is, surprise, surprise, unbelievable, but I'm going go out on a limb here and guess the lesson learned at the end will be you should have believed them in the first place, even if they sound/seem unbelievable, bc no women ever lies about this kind of thing. Saved myself the 10 hours I would have wasted waiting for the "twist". The acting is superb. Every actor in this series imbues the soul of their characters. I could sense the enormous pain and humiliation each of the victims endured. I really appreciate the roles of the 2 lead detectives. Very strong, smart, no nonsense, ladies with tender, understanding hearts. This series is phenomenal. A word of advice, take a day when you have very little on your schedule to start watching. Painful to watch, but an important story that needs to be told. #believewomen Compelling true crime adaptation based on an award winning article, with a brilliant script, well directed and produced. The acting stands out, Wever in particular with her understated manner outdoes a stellar cast. Great actors- great scenario- great story!!! Makes you feel hopeful, that actually the law can work properly sometimes! Unbelievable has a great story that everyone should know about, and it couldn't come at a better time. However merritt wever's laughable performance makes me want to shut down my computer and never watch the series again, her performance struck me as boring and even her dialogue was boring, which is unfortunate because the script is sublime.
Great show horrible casting I'll cut to the chase, i watched the first 4 episodes to realize that this show is dead and Netflix is trying to stretch it out as long as possible. I started fast forwarding on episode 5 til the end of the show and still no thrill at all, it's all police talk that u won't get and alooooooot of filler with the two detectives talking about unimportant things. Needless to say pleas don't waste your time watching this like i did. Quite a good story that is generally well acted apart from the monotone lead detective (not Toni Collette) . For me it's let down by the overt sexism that almost all the male characters are rapists, sexists, perverts, incompetent or bigoted. In the first episode the monotone detective tells the forensic expert how best to do his job and it continues in this way throughout the show. It's unnecessary and quite frankly unrealistic. I'm very much all for strong female leads but please make it believable in their actions. I was mesmerized from the very first episode. Unlike the more feminist critics, I thought the male police officers in the first case did the best they could under the circumstances and fully understood their frustration. However, in a series produced by women they of course had to be down in a negative light.
I though the acting was terrific by all involved, mainly the two or three main protagonists. After coping with the initial surprise at how gaunt and hard Toni Colette looks now, I got into the spirit of the series and it had me spellbound to the end. Credit to all involved. Superior series.
One thing that stuck out for me amongst the amazing script & awesome acting quality was the 'heart' that was felt amongst the main team in this case, it was refreshing to see strong relationships that were forged and more importantly the sincerity of emotion felt for those poor victims. A great 'feel good' ending after a graphic uncomfortable, fragile and disturbing rollercoaster, was just what the doctor ordered. 10/10. Awards needed. This. This exactly. The way Marie was treated is exactly they reason girls and women don't report when they have been raped. Rough treatment and people who don't understand. The worry that people would somehow think you're lying. Not only with a break and enter rape, but also being raped by someone you know, or a date rape. This made me so angry, sad, upset; it made me cringe and cry but it also showed how rape can be treated by people who have been trained to deal with this type of trauma. People who don't re-victimize the victim. Thank you to all who participated in the making of Unbelievable. Merritt Weaver and Toni Collette really anchored the season well, they were excellent. Kaitlyn Dever put in a decent performance, if not maybe a bit inauthentic and guilty of the same expression for 75% of it. She's still pretty young though and a positive step for her in getting dramatic roles in the future.<br/><br/>The season's strength came from taking the time to thoroughly examine each detective's decisions and how they process each bit of new information that comes their way. The weakness is there's never really enough credible red herrings to buy into which results in the investigation petering out in a kind of lacklustre way. Worth the watch though. Very well acted and storyline is topnotch... just into a second episode and hooked to it.. Start watching and surprise yourself. This show is absolutely fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone.
The fact that the show is based on actual events makes it even more intriguing. The combination of excellent writing and terrific women, Toni Collette, Merritt Weaver and Kaitlyn Dever make this show unforgettable. It's heart-breaking, intense and in the end there's some satisfaction. Netflix has all the others running to catch up in their continual production of great shows. Read the Pulitzer Prize winning article on ProPublica with The Marshall Project that introduces the real detectives and gives insights to who the real Marie is. The production value and screenplay writing is disappointing. Its not a stretch to say Netflix has quality control issues with its product.<br/><br/>No doubt, this is wildly popular with women who eat up the 'Me Too' movement propaganda, but I don't any appeal beyond that demographic. The message here seems to be that ALL women who claim rape MUST be believed, No exception. This is problematic because we know that many women have indeed fabricated tales of sexual assault. A not every woman is an innocent victim and not every woman is a paragon of virtue.<br/><br/>The series is overly long and gets bogged down in redundant, boring dialogue between the two female detectives. Both these actresses are overrated, and frankly, its a challenge to look at Toni Collette's face for so long. The story could have easily been told in 5 or 6 episodes.<br/><br/>"Unbelievable' borders on feminist propaganda at times. So, all the SJW's will rate it a 10, but its audience is ultimately small and inconsequential. I can't recommend this to fair minded people, The first episode of this was interesting and - almost - captivating. However, as the series continued, I started to realise the nature of its premise. It's 'Cagney & Lacey-esque' narrative enhances the undeniable misandry of the allegedly true story's portrayal.<br/><br/>The highly smug and unlikeable Detective Duvall character, with her incessant caricatured, inelegant swagger, comes across as completely obnoxious, arrogant, condescending and supercilious. Likewise, each character's portrayal gives a similarly contrived impression which, regardless of this story being true (or not), only throws the viewer off into what I expect is a direction towards not simply 'feminism' but... actively anti-male feminism. Thus, there is an undoubted air of misandry, not only in the series itself but also in some reviewers' anti-white, anti-male, anti-authority assertions (e.g. "white male police harassment").<br/><br/>I don't know whether or not this series was in fact true to the real life story as these tales are often, let's say, 'enhanced' for entertainment's sake. However, certainly in the on-screen recount, the original (incidentally, male) detectives are portrayed as 'the baddies' while, in fact, they were only acting upon the evidence given at the time... that 'evidence' being no evidence! So, what are they supposed to think? They did not apply duress to make the first victim say she was making the whole thing up, they gave her the opportunity to address the fact there was no evidence of the alleged rape. Of her own volition she 'admitted' there was no rape and that the entire story was concocted.<br/><br/>Anyway...<br/><br/>After the first episode, the series becomes repetitive and slow and predictable. In fact I was ready to call it a day on the second episode. I did, nevertheless, become more engrossed and curious as the series went on and I ended up watching the whole thing.<br/><br/>Although a bit overlong and protracted, the acting was - generally - reasonably good, and for this I am raining my rating by one point, from a 5/10 to a 6/10. I could not stop watching this series and want to let the 3 lead actresses know how grateful I am that they participated in this incredible series. For anyone who has ever been through the foster care or police system this series will resonate. It realistically depicts what it is like to be disadvantaged from a young age, neglected and stereotyped and shows how difficult it is to navigate those systems that are supposed to support and protect you but don't. It also accurately depicts foster carers and how un-altruistic they really are. I was one so I feel I have a right to state this. Phew!!! Gruelling but completely necessary viewing. Very well played by the leading actors. Nicely exposed the story of the victims and very engaging till the end. Long time reader of IMDB reviews first time reviewer just so I can write just how bad this is. If I could summarise in one word. Irritating!<br/><br/>To go further i'd say it's badly written, cliched, dull and really really really irritating. Don't bother. I realize that the entire point of the movie is that a couple of detectives, male detectives, didn't believe one of the women, but the series goes further than that. It insists that all the men involved in any way are either weak and ridiculous, like the temp intern, or stupid and lazy, and also very weak and ineffectual, like all the husbands and every single male cop. Last time I binged watched an entire Netflix series in one day was Stranger Things season one way back!<br/><br/>This show had amazing acting, very believable! Probably the best part!<br/><br/>There was good amount of mystery and what the "whole truth" actually was!
I find myself comparing this to Chernobyl in that regard! Very well done. Like Spotlight, the focus is on the people involved, on their reactions, on the effect the violence had on their daily lives rather than on the violent act itself. There is nothing prurient here. One of the few times bingeing felt like time well spent. Kudos to all involved Completely gripping every single part caught just the right tone perfectly one of the few series where I think you could honestly say you wouldn't want to change a single thing about it. Extremely powerful and heartbreaking at times but a real must watch. I'll be honest I thought this was going to be another Netflix dud but this is awesome. The show gets better each episode with an intelligent story line and none of this over the top acting you get on a lot of shows. It would be great to get another series. It's tough to describe because you can't say that you're ENTERTAINED.. .but INTRIGUED. And you WILL Binge watch it because each episode leaves a bit of suspense at the end. This is very close to the true story of Marie...(the actual Middle Name of the Real Life Victim). Her already difficult life torn asunder. No spoilers except to say that the 3 leads Kaitlyn Dever as young Marie (she's turning into a true star), Merritt Weaver and Toni Collette as the 2 Colorado police officers from different towns who track the rapist. Weaver and Collette make for an interesting combination with Weaver's mellow, serious Detective Karen Duvall contrasting with Collette's manic, high energy Detective Grace Rasmussen. Their investigation scenes keep the viewer engaged. Even more intense than Law and Order SVU ever could. Weaver is intriguing to watch if you remember her Nurse Zoey Barkow from NURSE JACKIE we see her almost annoyingly chipper...even hyper. Here she is straight up subdued. Less is definitely more with Duvall. Collette....well if you remember her from her other films and UNITED STATES OF TARA , know that THIS gal is one of THE best film actresses. And....jeesh...people forget that she's Aussie. I do too. Her American accent....even Western Mountain American, is perfect. It's a dark story with good suspense and great writing and acting. I believe it is very Emmy Worthy...and remember....there WAS a real life serial rapist so if you feel strange "enjoying" this considering the truly tragic subject matter, dont be. Watching the investigative team IS watchable, and even when Marie's tragic life gets even worse, its ok to shed a tear. Its a true story and a little hard to watch at times. But the story leads to a fantastic finale. 9/10. Highly recommended if you can handle the victims tragic stories. This series ran me through the gauntlet of emotions. Everything from being frustrated with the police officers in episode one to even finding myself a bit frustrated with the victim at one point because I so badly wanted her to stand up for herself and every time she claimed she was "lying" it broke pieces of my heart. Even more upsetting than the police officers who screwed up the case and didn't believe her, was one of her foster mothers. Every time she was in a scene my blood pressure would rise. That woman has NO business raising or being near ANY children. She is terrible and as a woman I was disgusted by her and I hated that the officer took what she said into account and doubted the victim.
I have to say as a nurse, the clinical scenes were portrayed accurately and I like that they took the time to explain to the victim what was happening and WHY while collecting evidence for the rape kit.
The series became so much better once the two female officers entered the series and I was elated when I recognized one of the actresses from Nurse Jackie (she was actually my favorite character on the show.)
I love how they were portrayed as strong, capable, career oriented women, but you could still see a bit of vulnerability and knew they were doing their job for the right reasons.
I also liked that their husbands were never "intimidated" nor were portrayed as "emasculated" by their wives working and kicking butt at their jobs. They were understanding, encouraging, and super supportive of their other halves (which is super smexy to me.) And I loved that it was able to show this accurately.
Most (good) men are not intimidated by their female partners success and most (good) men have no problem helping out at home or letting their lady shine at work. It's what a positive supportive relationship is.
To summarize:
Things I liked:
-the portrayal and accuracy of the rape kit scene .
-the portrayal of two hard working women.
-the supportive husbands being supportive of their partners without being depicted as emasculating.
-The emotions the victims felt and how they ALL felt differently about their rape/assault. Some were angry, some just wanted to understand why it happened, some wanted justice, other wanted to pretend it never happened and move on.
There is NO right way for a victim (male or female, because males get assaulted too) to "act" or "behave." when it comes to their personal traumas. And I LOVED that this broke the stereotypes.<br/><br/>-The flashback scenes of the abuse. While not overtly graphic, some scenes were so emotive tears dripped down my face (ex: the fraternity mother naked and vulnerable as he made her walk to the bathroom to clean up.)<br/><br/>Things I didn't like:<br/><br/>-It was 8 episodes but I do feel like everything could have been wrapped up in 6 or 7.
-We never got to see that awful foster mother's reaction when she found out Marie was in fact innocent.<br/><br/>-I wanted the female officer who contacted the officer from episode one to give him more h ell for what he did once she found out he charged her with filing a false report. She was tough as nails with her partner and everyone else it was kind of surprising (and a bit of a downer if I'm being honest) that she was so placid when she found that out and when she talked to him after. (She offered him snacks...like really?) I just felt like it was really out of character for how she was portrayed.<br/><br/>-I loved that one of the officers apologized and tried to make it right. I HATED that the other weasel just hid back on the staircase. I'm guessing in real life the second officer didn't just "so happen" to be coming down the staircase at the same time Marie confronted officer number one and he apologized, so we would have been better off without the dramatics. Especially when he just hung back and didn't say a word like the weasel he was. It actually ruined the moment with the first officer apologizing.<br/><br/>- What could be a one-hour episode of any television crime drama drawn out over a boring a miniseries. 2 male cops who of course don't believe the original victim (a victim whose story kept changing, I wouldn't have believed her either) and two female cops who of course catch our serial rapist and form a feminine bond along the way. Let's take into account that these two women would not have had a chance if it weren't for the second victim who miraculously recalled every minut detail of her assault.... really? ðŸ™„ IT WAS ONE OF THE MOST EXCEPTIONAL TV SERIES I HAVE EVER SEEN!! THE ACTING AMAZING,PERFECTLY WRITTEN,,STRONG STORY!!! I WAS SO THRILLED AND IMPRESSED!! I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ALL MY FRIENDS BECAUSE IT DESERVES TO PAY ATTENTION TO THE MESSAGE THAT IT GIVES,WHICH IS VERY IMPORTANT!!! I couldn't tell if it was just badly scripted or badly acted out. The casting director in this did a terrible job. The performances were so wooden and unbelievable, I think I know how they came up with the title. The concept however was really great, the first episode was by far the best as it surrounded the actress who had the most talent. The supporting characters were also very good and the story had me hooked. Unfortunately, each episode got decidedly worse and the acting in my opinion was so bad, it totally took me out of the story completely. The female cops were trying so hard to play strong, badass characters, that it just became annoying and unrealistic with over the top outbursts and episodes of over the top rudeness. The large girl in the second episode looked like it was her first ever acting job. A supposed victim of rape, who just couldn't help but keep smiling inappropriately when recounting this harrowing event, which became more than irritating. Overall very disappointing, with a better cast, more realistic script and a better director, this might have been a little more 'believable'. Boring story, Totally time waste. ignore this. i didn't watched any series boring than this. i don't know, how, how many people rated it 8/9/10. Boring story, A almost solid Netflix mini-series. Not nearly as good as When They See Us, The Act, or even The Looming Tower, but it does disappoint.<br/><br/>The writing is good enough, and the story is pretty compelling, and they made the right choice in having 8 episodes.<br/><br/>My #1 complaint is the acting. 2 out of 3 of the main actresses are a 1/2 a letter grade above a USA drama. Merritt Wever whispers the whole entire series. To the point that I'm like "Ok, I guess I don't need to hear what you have to say". I'm like, why are you whispering the Whole Time?! It's like she's reading a report in front of class and she has 0% confidence in what she wrote.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Dever (no relation) just sucks. The first 3 episodes she just cries the whole time. That's 1/2 of the first episode, and she's an ugly crier, and not convincing. She's just trying too hard and really misses the mark, to the point that you're like "Could They Find No One Else?!". So I also skipped 1/2 of her scenes.<br/><br/>The 3rd actress Toni Collette saves it. She's pretty good, I have no complaints.<br/><br/>The writing, directing, editing, and production in general is what makes it watchable. I did skip 1/3 of it, but the fact that I made it through it, says a lot. Did not like some of the main characters. I thought Marie was brilliant and very convincing. I really didn't like Toni collet performance. I also thought the series aimed and focused on emasculating men. Some car scene between Toni and Merrit was very useless in my opinion.
Having said all of that the story is very insightful, touching and worth watching so good job Netflix. A bad attempt to imitate Law and Order SVU, and worse, lasting 8 hours I cannot begin to encompass the value of this truly incredible limited series. It's a fascinating and tricky one for me because the issue presented is something that touches at least half of us. I started watching this series ages back and (honestly) stopped because it was delving into something I have delved into repeatedly since the 90's with my own work and the work of others. Upon looking at "Unbelievable" again as SAG voter, I pushed past the first episode and am thankful that I did. IMDb has turned into a truly strange space and I actually would give this a 10 but have recently found out that will be erased w/in the algorithm, so I want to make sure I give this the highest rating possible that might not be cancelled out. For any one who has experienced the ramifications of violation, I hope this powerfully executed series will help you feel less alone. I have loved the director and creator's work for some time so it does not surprise me that the integrity of this story is at the core. Thanks to Netflix, and everyone who came on board to this gripping and long overdue story. Impressive. Highly HIGHLY recommend this series for any woman, and for older girls. It would be a great series to watch with your closest female friends/relatives, and then discuss. The material is like a consciousness-raising group put into a film series.<br/><br/>Unbelievable directly engages a number of social realities and structured power imbalances that impact women & girls - while also depicting how social institutions, peer groups, and family members can really range in how they treat trauma. Unbelievable showcases a number of characters whose souls are laid bare at various junctures and whose resilience is heartbreakingly beautiful. Add to that the many relationships both personal & professional, in locations that resound with the natural world - whether the Denver mountain ranges and meadows, or the Washington firs and the Pacific ocean - and Unbelievable is thoroughly grounded for a good, emotionally-safe viewer experience despite of, and because of, the topic of male sexual violence in our society and how we can take back the night for ourselves and on behalf of other women & girls. Unbelievable is woman-produced and woman-written, and carries an unflinching compassion in its depiction of the heroine's journey within females.<br/><br/>I watched all episodes in one long evening because it was THAT relatable and engaging to my female psyche. I give this 10 stars - as it met - and far exceeded - my expectations as a mature woman and longtime fan of the relatively rare female-centered, female-written shows/films. Unbelievable is directed and filmed in a way that is neorealist and artful - yet also very respectful of its viewers and the sensitive nature of the material. It succeeds at creating a world where women's stories matter and where female solidarity can save lives or at least help healing.<br/><br/>This series is a treasure for women in film in a time when the truth of our experience is flipping tables and nourishing women's souls as it does so. I would place this magnificent series up there with other recent female-centered favorites Fast Color, Proud Mary, and The Help as films which depict multi-faceted female characters on epic journeys (going back further, I'd also add Thelma & Louise, The Ballad of Little Jo, and the show that inspired them all: Cagney & Lacey).
In the tradition of female-centered productions, Unbelievable's casting is a joy - tons of diverse, natural-looking women of various ages, sizes, races, personalities - showing their character's inner beauty or lack thereof. A range of actors more customary to British productions rather than typical American (which is why I don't watch TV, and only subscribed to Netflix to watch Unbelievable after reading about it).<br/><br/>The Unbelievable series enters itself into the rare lineage of projects that not only have a strong female duo working together on behalf of justice (each with their own personal lives of work-life rebalancing) but also a protagonist and supporting stories that are each compelling and rich in their diversity and transparency. Unbelievable unapologetically focuses on the issues of male sexual violence against women, yet does so in an emotionally intelligent, smart way - devoid of gratuitous sex & violence, etc. It handles sensitive realities by framing them as memories/flashbacks which play in muted, dreamlike colors for very short segments (around 15 seconds) without re-traumatizing viewers who may suffer from PTSD.<br/><br/>The first episode is intentionally bleak - it sets the historical foundation for the series by focusing largely on the character Marie Adler whose story dovetails with other stories later in the series. As the episodes continue, colors increase as the stories unfold and relationships are forged.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Dever plays Mariewith exquisite homage to the stories of many strong, vulnerable girls who've managed to survive so much against the odds - navigating past trauma, ongoing exile, and re-victimizations while trying to move forward.<br/><br/>The female detectives are played with mastery, and the female solidarity that evolves between these two very different personalities is quite beautiful. The supporting cast continues to flesh out the stories in very convincing ways to deeply engage, and liberate, female dignity. Thank you to all who made Unbelievable possible, it is an astonishing gift to the world. This series started out slow for me. I was not impressed much with the first episode. But, as each episode passed I became more invested. As a person very familiar with law enforcement techniques, this film touched me deeply. One of the worst scenarios I can imagine would be to have a victim who is not believed. Worse, have a victim who is not believed and then prosecuted. Especially a victim of violence, in this case sexual violence. A tragic yet valuable scenario that should be considered by all those in the public service. Don't get me wrong, most in the emergency services are under appreciated and under paid but that is another story. This series is just a good reminder of how tragic errors can occur and that we all need to endeavour to prevent them from occurring again. Great series, well worth your investment. It's refreshing to find a movie without too much cursing and graphics. As someone, a man, who has been on the other side and had false claims made against him it would be nice if Hollywood/Netflix made a film highlighting the impact of false claims on those they're made against. I'm not aware of any such films or series as yet.<br/><br/>That prelude said, I thought the limited series (meaning it is definitely concluded by the end) was well worth the watch. You must persevere through the very slow (perhaps unduly so) first episode.<br/><br/>Some people have said they liked the character of the non-blonde detective. I found her so roboticly lacking humanity. Her character really grated on me... I guess she just seemed entirely dispassionate as a human being but entirely passionate as an investigator of this particular case.<br/><br/>I wasn't sure if Marie had ended up being raped when she'd said it had happened or if the rape had happened at an earlier point in time (I think it was the latter). In any case the show resolved the unanswered question throughout. Everybody loves crime and police procedural dramas. Netflix's latest addition to that category, the miniseries "Unbelievable" seems like good news for those interested in the world of crimes. A dramatization of the police investigations into the many rape cases of Washington and Colorado between 2008 and 2011, the series follows Detectives Rasmussen (Collette) and Duvall (Wever) as their separate rape cases intervienes with each other. Also, we get an insight in the life Marie Adler (Dever) a young woman who first filed a report of rape before withdrawing it. The story is captivating - and in post-MeToo times, right in time - but it's hard for the series to keep your attention. It's slow, gloomy (in broad daylight), cliche-filled (with the gender roles swapped), and - at times - acted out by its cast without any confidence. Now, "Unbelievable" will probably make you crime drama lovers staying til the finale to see it all resolve, but it risks loosing the rest of the audience halfway in as they might just check the case's end at Wikipedia. But it's worth a shot, it is at least an unpredictable mystery show and that is more than many other crime dramas out there. This is only my 2nd time reviewing something. This is gut wrenching and inspiring. Do yourself a favor and WATCH!! One of the best miniseries i have seen in Netflix.
Excelent script about a real fact.
Keeps you stuck from the beginning.
Anice outcome and great performance by the actors I first heard of this ordeal by listening to a This American Life episode called anatomy of doubt. A few years later this series emerged. I watched the series not having connected the two until the end of the first series. I thought the acting was fantastic, a bit slow moving to start with but I feel like they really captured the agony that these women went through and their different reactions, particularly with Marie. I've read a lot of reviews that try to say this is political and feminist. To those I would suggest listening to the podcast, they interview Marie, her two foster mums, her friends and the detective who lead marie's Investigation, not to mention the two female detectives who brought the monster to justice. Listen to that and you will recognise just how close to the truth this series is. The serie was very emotional because it was based on a true story. I binged it 1 day cause it was very addicted. i would recommend this serie to every one Heart wrenching and emotionally raw, this was by far one of the best limited series I have ever watched. The incredibly talented women who portray these characters are amazing. Every episode had me sharing their anger and their frustration and I felt their vulnerability and their strength. If strong intelligent driven female detectives don't make you uncomfortable enough to call this feminist propaganda (LOL) then you'll probably enjoy this series. Acting is spot on, writing is fantastic. I binged it all in one day. Follows the actual crimes and investigation very closely. I will keep paying for Netflix if they keep making amazing material like this, well done! Incredible from start to finish. Everything about this mini series is perfect! Toni Collette (love her) and Merritt Wever are brilliant together. I wouldn't say no to a second season. Only took me two days to complete. Highly recommend watching. Unfortunately this is a true story, and it is heartbreaking. However, this is a story that DESPERATELY needed to be told. The amazing thing is that this series tells this story BEAUTIFULLY and with such delicate sensitivity while also bringing the truth to light. This is the best series I've seen since True Detective. Loved ALL of the acting. The way it was done and presented to the audience was flawless! I cannot say enough how awesome it is. It's a smart, sensitive, and hard hitting drama. You won't be sorry you binged it! I don't normally write reviews but this is an incredible series. Great writing, direction and the casting perfect. The performance from the main players is spot on. I cannot find a flaw... Incredible drama, sensational script, outstanding acting! Bravo Netflix! Unbelievably riviting. Excellent acting. The best of the best of Netflix. Stunning character portrayal. This is a must see! I was hesitant, not having good luck with n/f productions. This is an awesome series. I binged watched this in 2 days and it is worth every minute of my time. This portrays "good" cops as "great' cops! This series really puts LEOs, the caring and compassionate ones on a pedestal. The 3 female leads did an excellent job and the director of each episode was perfect. Enjoyable TV(streaming) and worth watching. This is the most powerful, engrossing series I've watched in a very long time. The casting, acting, directing, and writing are all beyond excellent. The story is just heartbreaking...the way the young lady Marie was treated by the horrible Lynnwood WA police. It was almost worse than her rape. But the diligence and persistence of the female detectives was thrilling to watch. The best part was that all the actors looked like real people! No ridiculous CSI female lab techs wearing 4 inch heels in the field and showing cleavage. I almost cried when one plus size actress filled her role perfectly, with her size being completely unimportant to the plot or characterization. Thank you thank you Netflix!!! More like this please. This moving, inspired-by-true-events, drama was such an amazing watch. The pacing was so excellent for a cop drama, giving us just enough fact/plot each episode to keep the viewer watching and engrossed. This was a heartbreaking story that gave the victims a voice more and put the narrative back in their hands, which I think is the only way to tell a story with a level of tragedy such as this. The two main actors, Toni Collette and Merritt Weaver, gave awesome performances and it was nice to see a newer, fresh face alongside acting titan Collette. Even more so that Weaver help up, and even flourished alongside her. This was a refreshing, well-written crime show with a very much warranted morality behind it all. A must watch! Bravo! This series was beyond excellent... I just wanted so badly to just hug this poor girl... I mean oh my gawwawd..<br/><br/>Excellently written, brilliantly portrayed... just all around greatness!! Important subject that needs to be talked about, but unfortunately realisation is poor. The length of the series can be easily cut by half, many dialogues and scenes are adding little to the story, quiet a few "dead end" scenes leading to nothing, though acting is quiet nice. Unbelievable is really powerful emotional series it was really well done the really good acting Toni Collette and Merritt Wever chemistry was great.Kaitlynn Dever acting was amazing she delivered a strong emotional performance.
Unbelievable is a really strong series it realistically portrayed rape and how messed up the system is.i would definitely recommend people to go watch unbelievable Starts off slow and then develops into an incredible tough but amazing journey in the pursuit of a serial rapist. The main characters are very believable and authentic. But I think Kaitlyn Deaver steals the show with her vulnerability and sadness. Her portrail of Marie Adler is just so vulnerable. Toni Collette and Merritt Wever are also amazing and great!<br/><br/>Netflix really comes through with a great show. Had actually given up on them. Seems they have produced so many unbelievable bad and crappy written and directed shows. That made me think that anybody with a half brain could get a movie or show produced by them. Even though you could see they were costly. Time will show if this was just a lucky shot from then. I have no high hopes. Unfortunately their track record is not good. All the 10 reviews are spot on. I personally love Dever's acting in this. Here comes an Emmy. This will make you uncomfortable, sad, eyes will be moist. This series scores big on every aspect. It's hard to watch, BUT ONE MUST WATCH.
Unforgettable performances.<br/><br/>Another top show from Netflix. Many of the women posting reviews, and giving '10' ratings, are writing the same level of sexism the story, and they, are supposed to be riling against. The important subject matter gets subsumed.<br/><br/>It is a fairly routine criminal investigation story stretched over eight episodes and filled up with melodrama.<br/><br/>The series isn't worse than many other average cop shows - just with gender reversal. For some woman that is obviously enough. Girl power.<br/><br/>Once you get over the gender reversal the characters are fairly predictable and formulaic and our heroes are the ones who push on and bust ass.<br/><br/>This might have been a decent production if edited to half the running time.<br/><br/>BTW: The scene with the woman playing pool was good for a laugh. A trope from so many old productions. This film reminded me of an adult version of
ABC Afterschool Special. This is an incredibly good series on how rape cases are handled by the authorities. ALL police departments should watch this. It is in essence an instructional guide on what to do and what not to do when a rape is reported. I watched nonstop from 4pm to 10pm. This series is a public service to the world where rapes happen every day. I am not saying the writing is bad. The writing lacks nuance. The exposition is very heavy and treats the audience basically as an idiot. However, the performances are so so good. This elevates the script and really makes this an excellent show. The direction and editing are clearly top notch. It is really well paced. It also doesn't wallow in the creepy grittiness and sadism that so many crime dramas focused on sex crimes seem to fetishize these days. Unbelievable keeps the horror of the crime at the centre of the story but doesn't glamourize it like some of the more "artsy" shows do.<br/><br/>This is a very good show, let down just a bit by the writing but still really watchable. It is fantastic to see this subject matter handled in earnest, lead by great women actors and direction that pulled performances that elevate a lumpy and kind of preachy script significantly. Do they really think that women being portrayed as unprofessional, ranting, emotional workplace bullies helps the feminist cause?!<br/><br/>Ironically the one person who discovers the evidence that leads them to the rapist is the male intern who the women have mocked throughout!
Hilarious!<br/><br/>Essentially not much really happens for 7 of the episodes.<br/><br/>Netflix should've put the money they spent on this to keep The OA in production. I watched episode one and was not impressed. It was such a downer for the victim that it kind of turned me off. Then I returned to it a couple of weeks later...<br/><br/>BOOM! Wonderful cast, fascinating interplay between the actors, Wever and Colette sizzle, I was hooked!
I felt for Kaitlyn Dever's character and and the tenacity and caring of the two detectives was riveting.<br/><br/>If I could give it a rating of 20 I would. The girl acting was so good i got emotional with her and her story at the first , They nailed it and it's a great show , u must see. Being a mum of a rape survivor but also a cop, the difference in treatment with the initial case is horrifying to watch and tragically sad.
Brilliant storyline and writing and the acting is realistic.
Definitely worth a watch Not much more to say than "Excellent". This is definitely one of the best series I've seen in many years. Was so slow but I kept to it. The actor who played Marie Adler did a great job acting. The rest were meh. Except for her none of the characters were actually likeable, I barely remember the name of the golden pd cop. Give it watch and if you like it then you like it. The story itself is an important one and of course painful.
But here on IMDB we talk about shows and movies. This show was ok, it was nicely done. But there was soooo much forced faux 'feminism' in it. Im all for equal rights and all that, but I can't stand it when something is done in a politically correct forced way. I say this also when its about people in the 'boxes' im in. And im in a lot of marginalised groups. But to me everything in this world and especially in arts , sincerity is the most important thing.
To me they diminish so much from the true story, and from the show itself, by doing this. Also, it doesn't help anyone but the actors and the producers giving themselves a pat on the back for being 'progressive'. Abusing abuse for your own agenda and to tap a handmade's market? Unbelievable. After starting this on netflix yesterday morning i was hooked and binged it the whole 8 episodes. This is a must see. I cant believe what happened to the poor girl and the police should have been held accountable or lost their job. Watch this if you havent already great acting too. I like the fact that they stuck to the original story without adding any extra twists. It is a little slow to start but really well made and well acted.The actress who played Marie was outstanding.There are scenes you just want to go and hug her because she literally has no one to support.
And you will tear up in the scene where she is cleaning a ride late evening and the cop just admits he was wrong. Just a kid who deserved a better life and understanding, having her life destroyed by a insensitive system. Process it if you can and when you can. From the very first episode, it slowly starts building on your mind, and it later starts growing on you.<br/><br/>Unbelievable has every element coded to it with sincerity, grace, and perfection. Every character and every scene leaves an impression that will stay with you for long. I must thank everyone involved in the process of delivering this experience for life, and my respect for every women multiplies manifold. Don't miss this one, it broke me apart. I love how they use two categories of people(who u surround urself w/) that deals with the same situations and ended up 1 different from another and the things they do will affect the victims and the people around them. It is like 2 people are cooking a same dishes, but ended up different taste. Don't just because something doesn't make sense or the missed something or misspoke something, and u think they're lying. Dive deep and find out b4 u give any conclusions.<br/><br/>BTW the actresses and actors are great performed!!! 👍 Incredibly well done account of the story of Marie Adler. Acting was superb and the story, from the beginning, drew me into this miniseries. I was reluctant to watch this show for a time. I don't like many aspects of the Me Too movement, I have found it unbearably smug, preachy and often infantile. A lot of TV has this ultra-woke tone as well, and it drives me absolutely crazy. This being said, I'm an intelligent, caring human being and I care about all the issues in conjunction with the unfair treatment of women very very much.
After having the show recommended enough times, I finally decided to give it a go - the first episode was a little hard to bear, but I noticed right away the lack of heavy-handedness. The way young Marie was treated was clearly displayed as unfair, but not in the way that makes you want to throw something at the TV screen. It was genuine, believable, authentic. Also, the cops responsible for essentially coercing her into retracting her initial claim - whom I thought were going to be shown as stereotypical "bad guys" were treated fairly. The whole first episode set the tone for the rest of the mini-series, but you don't actually realize how good it's going to get until the introduction of the two characters playing the female detectives: WOW. This was movie-level dialogue and character development. It was so enjoyable getting to know these characters and actually extremely refreshing to see policing being. carried out in a new, more emotionally intelligent way than we are used to seeing with most cop shows. This was very good, and despite the subject matter, it doesn't wreck you with anguish as I feared it might, either. It manages to not be heavy, almost at all, which in my opinion was quite the feat. I highly recommend this show, and also looking into the story that inspired it. Very important stuff. If you are on Netflix, I am recommending you to see this miniseries. It has one of the best ensembles, and it elevates the procedural crime drama with very heartfelt performances. The series will definitely change your perspective of women having to experience this trauma and it is a must watch. Also, the portrayal of Marie Adler by Kaitlyn Dever was truly astonishing. Kaitlyn depicted Marie in a way that the viewer is left thinking this is a documentary and not a series based on a true story. I would recommend it to everyone. I have never seen such a police procedural Film/series . This one is jaw dropping. Perfomance by Three lead ladies are awe struck!! The very important aspect of this series is there is no any social commentary, no forced personal lives of investigating officers. The killer is not waiting to kill the officers. Its remarkable one. Just sit tight & watch this masterpiece. This drama will feel personal for a lot of women. The central three performances are just incredible and the pacing it spot on. Exceptional by all involved. Wonderful to see flawed women allowed to act on screen how men have always acted - messy, talented, strong. Brilliant Well, what can I not say? Great casting, screenplay, gripping drama and an incredible acting. It's raw, pure and emotional. The first 2 episodes were really hard to watch because of the brutal violence shown number of times and then the remaining episodes, BOOM! It takes you places that it had everything. I don't want to be a spoiler. Just watch for yourself, all you Gripping and Emotional drama lovers. This one is a pure gold that I binged it in a day. Yes, you BET. Just finished watching the series one of the best series and the final was literally amazing and all the cast members performance were really good and it keeps you engaged that you have to see the next episode to know what's gonna happen next and that's the element a series like this should have Anything I will write is too small and insignificant.<br/><br/>Simply a must! This is such a moving tear-jerker of a mini-series! I loved every moment of it. Brilliant acting, brilliant dialogues, brilliant direction. Just gut-wrenching and amazing. I'm a guy, so anyone saying this was awkward to watch as a male (as one review did) doesn't understand how to empathize. This was a very powerful miniseries, frustrating at times but understandably so as you begin to get to know Marie and what she's been through, and why it was so difficult to come forward with the truth.
This miniseries truly shows that we can't pretend to know how a rape victim should act. I know how I would act, but everyone is different, and we need to understand that and respect that. Amazing acting and very emotional ending. Unbelievable has some incredibly raw and emotional garring moments. Kaitlyn Dever was an excellent casting choice, and her acting was painfully realistic. However, this series loses a lot of points with me because of the inconsistent acting. Toni Collette is a talented actor but Meritt Wever's Detective Duvall was painful. Although Unbelievable is a well-cast, decently-made, and somewhat suspenseful detective drama, it cannot escape its distasteful and obvious agenda.<br/><br/>This piece of social engineering was made to paint men, male cops, and male soldiers in the worst possible light. It is also to dramatize how much women suffer at the hands of men; over, and over, and over, again.<br/><br/>Two tough-as-nails, kick-ass female detectives are commissioned to solve a series of rapes. They must battle against the dark darkness of the patriarchy, misogyny, and white male privilege, all while wearing men's suits and passionately pushing their team, and their superiors to break the case.<br/><br/>I suppose one could say that this is leftist propaganda at its best. Put women in charge and they will bring home the justice. "YAY, GIRL POWER!"<br/><br/>I just found it tiresome, and as the story wore on I became less and less interested in the characters, and what might become of them.<br/><br/>Special thanks go to Susan Rice, the Obama's, and, believe it or not...Katie Couric. Yes this is an actual term and yes this show falls under it... Just make it a lifetime movie for christ sake lol! And the Hollywood writers theyre pulling in are friggin terrible. Its like they found a woman who wrote some blog off the street and gave her a job to write terribly cliched stories with over the top unbelievable characters. The positive reviews are true, however this goes on and on and on. Could have been done in four episodes. On the other hand it is a very compelling true story. I was expecting a lot more than I got.
The series itself did not need to be so drawn out 2-3 episodes max. It was just a lot of detail without the substance.
I felt the acting was really really weak maybe it was the script??? Possibly Toni Collette worst performance, and I like her alot.
I also was really puzzled by the full frontal nudity of the perpetrator and even after the examination had been done they continued to film him just standing there naked, for no reason.
A better writer and director may have condensed this and made it a solid little series. We watched 4 episodes & had to put this one to bed. Anymore pensive camera shots would do the same to us.
I get a slow burn, but this was beyond the pale. Toni Colette must has thought she was in purgatory! Too bad...great premise! I'm only on episode 2 and I am BORED. I love Merritt Weaver and was happy to see that she was in this, but while watching all I can think is "They should have gotten someone else for this role." I feel like I'm watching a high school play about rape and safety. The overall story seems real, but the performances seem UNBELIEVABLE.<br/><br/>I'm hoping it gets better so I can change my review! With respect to other reviews, found it very average, wonder how many rated 10/10!? Is that as good as Narcos & GOT? Definitely not. Toni Collette's acting can be hit and miss and in this series it is definitely miss. She overplays the character. I felt like I was watching Toni Collette acting rather than seeing the character she was playing. Her character was "unbelievable".
The series felt more like it was made by women trying to show women as empowered rather than just telling the story. For example, the female detectives treat the male intern as a naive plaything when he's really the smartest person in the room. Also, Karen berates the young male cop in uniform for what seems like an eternity. This is immediately followed by a young female cop making some brilliant new discovery. Again, it felt like it was more about showing women having power over men. And lastly, the scene where the suspect is made to strip naked and there is an unnecessarily long shot of him just standing naked in his cell. I question whether this is realistic. Surely even as a suspect you have rights and would be given clothing to wear. Again, I think this was an attempt at showing men being weak and vulnerable. Just tell the story as it happened and forget the power games. At various points this series was captivating, at others it was boring and terribly slow.<br/><br/>I fell asleep on and off yet I didn't feel the need to replay what I missed. Didn't make any difference to the plot either.<br/><br/>So really this series is lacking yet it had potential. Sorry Toni, but you were a very unconvincing police detective. Merritt on the other hand was excellent......what a beautiful and strong actress. This was like a good episode of one of the CSI shows I found the one actress from Nurse Jackie very annoying. She's extremely limited. There are far better shows like this out there. Still it was ok. Average This police/crime series raises the bar on all that has gone before.
The two female lead detectives characters is genius. The steady pace of police work is totally believable and keeps you spellbound. Conjoined with this is the claimed false alligation of rape by the young girl. You can just see the two stories/themes heading for a collision which will prize out the rapist.
This is the best police/crime series I have ever seen. Mainly because the characters combine with the detailed police investigation while showing us the police have to seriously graft to get a solid case.
The two female lead detectives with their contrasting personalities and styles is a true winner.
Put this with the brilliant camera work.. Script .. acting... the title "unbelievable" takes on its well earned definition. Perfect from start to finish.!! very good cast, the best I've seen on netflix I am a fairly recent convert to Netflix and enjoy (if that's the right word) its true crime dramas and documentaries. I had read the synopsis to this series and knew it would be an uncomfortable watch. The 1st episode was powerful and superbly acted, in particular by Kaitlyn Dever (she deserves an award for her performance throughout). You can just feel her trauma, confusion and frustration. However, from this point forwards the series began to drift into a latter day version of Cagney & Lacey. On both sides of the pond in this post Weinstein age it has now become popular, nay expected, for nearly all white male characters of a certain vintage on TV or film to be categorised as detestable, unsympathetic and feeble. This series continued the theme. Why feel the need to alienate so much of your audience? I get it Weinstein was an unpleasant character. The series was then padded out through many episodes when this could have easily been reduced into 3 or 4 episodes, a common failing for Netflix. Shame the real names were changed particularly the perpetrator himself. A story that needed telling but perhaps next time take all your audience with you with that message. A horrific story, with superb acting with a superior female cast. It is great that finally women get to tell stories lije this from their point of view.
A binge watch for all. This series was very well done. I could not stop watching. All the actors were terrific, and every character was portrayed well. Another Netflix success. Move this to the top of your list. Meritt wever and her voice is so annoying. I really just have a hard time listening to this constant depressing crying voice! And making almost all men bad but not their own husbands was a little too much focus on the metoo movement. Catch the guy work together i dont care if its a man or a woman as long as they do a good job in law enforcement. But this series distinguished men and women more than it actually really is in real life. Story was good , producing directing all was very good and interesting. I enjoyed the show most of the times. Just cant handle Marie adler ( caitlyn dever) i am nota mean person but she just doesnt look good at all! I couldn't relate a bit to her. But it is Worth watching absolutely but in my view it wasnt that horrible and sad as i expected when i read the other reviews. Some actors just werent fit to do this job but hey it can never be perfect. As i said worth watching. It is one of the good series out there ! Written, directed, and acted by a team of superb female talent. Everyone is pitch perfect-no weaknesses.<br/><br/>Some viewers have reacted to the dearth of positive male roles; but there are a couple, and they perform at the same level as the women. Agreed, there were a few gratuitous hits on white male stereotypes. The writers should have known better, and left them on the editing floor, which keeps this from earning a 10.<br/><br/>But in the end it doesn't matter. This series is one of the best examples of of overall skillful storytelling, directing, editing, and acting regardless of gender or race. Plus, it's a story that needs airing.<br/><br/>There is an important message in this unfortunately true story; bravo to the producers for bringing this to the small screen so masterfully. Kudos! The performances, the storyline, the unbelievable fact that this is sadly a true story, the amazing acting, my discovery of Meritt after Nurse Jackie... Everything is so well done, hooked from the first to the last minute. Thank you. This incredibly difficult story was told with nuance and understanding of the issues involved. The writer managed to make it compelling, harrowing and still entertaining which is no mean feat with this subject matter. I binged it all up in a day because it was compulsively addictive.<br/><br/>There were stand out performances across the board from a collection of incredibly strong female actors.<br/><br/>The Americans do crime so well and the Brits could learn a lesson or two!<br/><br/>My only criticism was that some of the flashes to the attack itself lingered too long on images that survivors might find triggering and I think these could have been handled better. But that aside this series blew me away. Endlessly compelling and very emotionally intense. Never have I felt more compassion for a character than for the main girl. Perfectly acted and they did an exceptional job at showing the girls internal turmoil and helplessness. I just wanted someone to hug her and tell her it was going to be ok.<br/><br/>And another thing I kept thinking about was how the two main detective women are major female role models. If Hollywood wants tips on how to nail the 'strong female' role, they need to look no further. This crushes the bechdel test. Also hopefully proves to everyone that you can have a mostly female cast and not have it be a gimmick. "Unbelievable" tells the story of a girl who lives under difficult conditions and is raped one day. When she tries to report it to the police, she is talked out of it by the officers, starting a terrible time for her in a now hostile environment.<br/><br/>I was left with a lot of thoughts and questions after this show. It is both so easy and yet so difficult to judge the actions of each of the characters in this mini series. In the end it teaches you to be very careful and sensitive when it comes to accusations of any kind, both when tey need to be investigated and when they need to be dropped. The show does so with a lot of skill and very strong performances from the actors, as well as a strong storytelling. At times it tries a bit too hard to create action and remarkable quotes but apart from that it does a lot of things right.<br/><br/>All in all this is a show that many people should see in order to reflect how they would react in such a situation and what their reaction might do to the people involved. We stayed up all night to watch the whole series back to back. Never done that before! So good to appropriately round off the ending. A are treat. 10/10. Recommended but first free up your whole day. Acting, brilliant. Plot, perfectly woven. Surprisingly good and so worth sticking with. Not sure you could follow with another series, but hope it's possible to with a new story. While the subject matter is obviously very heavy, this show was utterly captivating. The acting, the story-telling, everything, just sucked me right in. It boggles my mind that some people are rating this low due to "all the men being portrayed negatively" when a) that's not factually true. There were plenty of men involved in the case in Colorado that were doing great work. They simply weren't the lead investigators. The spouses of the investigators seemed to be amazing, supportive men. b) its based on a true story, so if certain men are portrayed as incompetent or as jerks (hello, sexual predators ARE jerks!), then its probably because they behaved that way in real life. and c) not every female character is portrayed as awesome people either i.e. the two women in her life that didn't believe her merely because she didn't react the way they thought she should even though they knew the long history of trauma she'd already endured up to that point. So yeah, if you can't stand men taking a slight backseat in a movie based on a story that factually happened to a female and was worked largely by females, you probably won't like this but for the rest of you, it was a very compelling story and be ready to binge. This limited series earned its name. Really unbelievable. Everything was perfect, the story, the character development, the cast especially Kaitlyn Dever. I consider this one of Netflix's best original shows. I'll definitely watch it again. I am a person who generally only likes police and legal dramas. I am in my 60's and I have watched a ton of police dramas and series. I tried to compare or recall one that was this gripping. To give you some idea where I am coming from consider dramas like "The Killing," The Wire," "Line of Duty." I truly think this was just as good, if not better then all of those. This poor kids story invoked some very strong emotions and the script, and acting definitely did it justice. It was one of those so good you could not make this stuff up kind of goods. Block some time because you won't be able to let it go. The only reason I didn't give it a score of 10 is because that would be unfair to other series of the same genre, like Mindhunters or True Detective (season 1), among others.
But this show gets a very, very high 9... 9.5, at least.
Started watching at 2pm and couldn't stop. Same thing happened to me when I saw the 1st season of 13 Reasons Why.
Really excelent show.
Kaitlyn Dever is great. What an inspirational way to show such darkness in our society. This show gives you insight on so many flaws in our system yet highlights the difference that good people can make in the world. Every episode is so perfectly laid out and the ending is just, well, perfect. Thank you Susannah Grant for this master piece. Start to finish is super!!!..It's a must watch series. Very detailed Although the subject matter can make it difficult to watch, this series is very well done. It starts a little slowly but quickly picks up as soon as the two female detectives enter the story. All the characters are well-developed and the acting is excellent. I found myself looking forward to each episode. This Netflix original mini-series held my attention in its entirety. Inspired by a true story, it was nicely paced with amazing performances from the main actresses. Kaitlyn Dever (Marie Adler) did an exceptional job in making me empathise with what she was going through and made me root for her along the way. Toni Collette and Merritt Wever, playing Rasmussen and Duvall respectively, had unmatched chemistry to balance the serious tone of the series. What was great about the series was that it didn't need outrageous plot twists to keep me entertained. A combination of good pacing and well-written scenes produced a smooth story. I'm glad they aren't stretching it into more seasons and ruin a satisfying ending. Overall, one of my favourite Netflix original series. Such mesmerising drama. Excellent acting by all actors with such genuine approach and dialogues. Well done Netflix. It was UNBELIEVABLE. The plot is enticing, I got hooked on the first episode. No spoilers, watch it yourself.
Everything is standard perfect for a TV miniseries, everything except the characters.
Do the writers think portraying a strong independent women is equivalent to Toni Collette walking off every time when she is displeased with something? Does creating a story of kooky, off-the-wall characters add to the unbelievable nature of the story? I keep punching a wall every 5 minutes, just to continue watching this. Perfect casting of Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, and Kaitlyn Deve resulted in a crime classic that had me binge out on the entire series in 3 days. First time I've done that since Making a murderer. Which also happens to be Netflix ..coincidently.
Kaityn Deve congrats on a pure 100% performance. Tough subject material yet you managed to pull it off with an Oscar performance. Outstanding from everyone in fact. My only criticism is the last 30 min of the last episode, which could have been cut entirely. As for the whole series...solid 9 from me for this. Watch this show. Add it to your queue, and savor all eight episodes. It's one of the best series we've seen in quite some time, with a stellar pedigree of writers and producers (including Katie Couric!). While all three main actresses are great, Merritt Wever, who we both loved in "Godless", is amazing here. It's a compassionate examination of real-life events, with a decidedly feminist (and empowering) slant. But more than that, its depiction of how sexual assault survivors are repeatedly victimized again and again will frustrate you immensely, and perhaps help you to remember: Believe women. Can't recommend this highly enough. No spoilers here so I will just recomend this for each and everyone! Brilliant acting from everyone involved. Wonderful. Tense and engaging. I usually prefer to watch one episode a day, but in this case I had no way, I needed to get to the end. And the series was amazing from start to finish! Amazing actresses, fantastic performances. A must see. This series had me within the first 5 minutes. I'm so emotional now just writing a review about this show . Just finished all episodes and had to spread the word on how incredible the writing and acting is . Every scene is so beautifully done and well
Told . Do yourself a favor and watch this program you won't regret it This isn't a how that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy. The characters are very human, they make mistakes, some of them are just plain wrong. The acting is incredible. At times you will like characters at other times you really won't, but they will be believable and not overdone. It doesn't rely on action, or other kinds of plot devices that stretch the imagination. It tells a very real story about real people.
Some people may find it slow or boring because it is totally story and character driven, but the story is taut and the acting is on point. It brings up some really uncomfortable points and truths about how sexual crimes have been treated and reporters of sexual crimes have been treated and continue to be treated in our society. Took a chance on watching and so glad I did. Acting is superb, but very subtle. Plot is intense. You really feel for the young victim and the hardships she endured. I kept reminding myself that this is based on real events. Highly recommended! Only if I could give more than 10 for 10.. This one needs more appreciation jus for the writing. Actors were sooooo gooooood. Especially the characters Karen Duvall, Marie Adler and Grace Rasmussen were realllllyyyyyy gooooooood. Binge-watch done right. Never blame the victim. Everybody needs to see this. Even in this unfair ugly world, this series gives real hope for life. I dont usually write review but i had to for this one. This series is absolutely brilliant
from start to finish. The acting was definitely on point same goes for the storyline.
A must watch! Acting is ok
Writing ok
Story is good
Directing ok. watchable and forgettable The script, acting, pacing felt seamless. Great series with very important lessons. I have to add, this isn't the diminished SVU. A show that used to be great. This is plodding, frustrating police work. Characters who are suffering. Police who are suffering. GREAT. Maybe it's because this series started autoplaying after I finished The Ranch and I had zero expectations or knowledge of what the series was about but I thought the story was amazing and highlights a hideous truth about how we view rape victims. What an awesome surprise when Nurse Jackie's Merritt Weaver appeared on screen. I loved her quirky performance. What I did not love was Toni Collette's character. I couldn't tell if the part was over-acted or was written badly but it was distractingly bad. And yikes, there is zero chemistry between either women and their spouses. Watching Toni kiss her husband is cringeworthy. The way she bullied him was just unattractive. Am i supposed to be rooting for her character? I loved the actress from Sons of Anarchy that played the data analyst. What a treat to see relatable, diverse women on screen and not the typical 20 year old twinkies Hollywood is so fond of casting. This series was written so incredibly well, the acting is superb. Toni Collette and Merritt Wever are absolutely amazing! Written so real, and truly emotional. Serious props to Netflix with this show, I watch a lot, and this is one of the great ones. Hope there is more to come. This series I watched in one day it was so compelling. The acting was sublime and a near all female cast us virtually unheard of. If this doesn't receive awards I will be shocked and disappointed. I didn't realise it was based on a true story until I had finished it so I'm hoping Marie is living her best life.
Please let there be a second season. A must watch. Amazing acting. You won't be able to just watch one episode, you have to finish the series in one sitting. Film making was amazing. Each episode leaded onto something huge. TV really doesn't get better than this. So glad I was able to binge watch it on Netflix it really helps you stay with the emotion and the story completely. The First hour is a hard watch because of the pain the sweet girl goes throw just a 110lb kid. I cried a lot I shouted at the tv. This is story telling at its best from the first couple of minutes of episode 1 to the last couple of minutes of the last episode you're on an emotional rollercoaster. This is worth the Netflix subscription on its own every one on screen is at there best not one weak actor any where the direction, the camera work is all  awesome. This show did an amazing job showing just how much rape affects lives. It's not just that one night, or that one relationship. Your entire life, your entire worldview changes, and you never get your old life back.
I appreciated the effort they made to show how differently each victim was coping after their assaults, and how each one was equally valid. They addressed that we are all different people, and our lives are affected differently by trauma, and there is no "one way" to grieve.
They also shed light on how reporting a rape and the aftermath of it can be as much of a trauma as the actual assault.
The writing and acting was unbelievable. The performances from the cast were so raw and real. If you've gone through something similar, I would watch with caution, maybe with someone. And if you haven't gone through anything like this, then I would highly recommend this show. You won't view this topic the same as you did before.
Be warned before you watch, there are lots of descriptions of the specifics, and brief flashes, of the assaults. I very rarely write reviews and I felt like this series definitely deserves a review. I wish there are more series like this coming from Netflix/Amazon. I cannot name everyone but Kaitlyn, Merritt and Toni have given really powerful performances. It was very emotional to watch and there were times when I couldn't really stop the tears flowing. I can't find enough words to praise the way Kaitlyn portrayed the emotions for a girl who has gone through so much or the way Merrit and Toni go through their emotions throughout the season and how they bond.<br/><br/>It's a must watch with a very important message. Aptly titled there are so many reasons to call this unbelievable. The interrogation process and handling of Marie. The way she was so easily dismissed and turned on by police, friends and "family". The way that departments not only within counties but states have NO communication. The pissing contests when they DO. This man says himself that he should have been caught in Washington. UNBELIEVABLE. This was wonderfully cast and directed. I watched the entire thing in one day. I was also accepting of the ending. Very well thought out. I usually hate the end of stories especially when they are well told. Thank you for sharing. I was hooked from the very beginning.
The way in which they showed how different a sexual assault incident can be handled was amazing. They chose the perfect cast to tell this story and I hope those who have been impacted by sexual assault feel that their story has been represented in a respectful way.<br/><br/>I would be very surprised when if this series doesn't win any awards. Very well deserved. I had to create an account just to leave this review, as someone with similar experience to the women in this film. I felt the accounts the raw emotions displayed and the various behavioral response to the assault were so real it gave me actual flashbacks and made some scenes very hard to watch. I had to remind myself I was ok and this was just a movie. The actresses were incredible. I can't even say as much as I would like because I just finished the entire series literally 10 minutes again and my emotions are still high. I just want to give this film, the writes, producers, editors, cameramen, actresses, actors, the caterers they kept them fed there due justice. My applause to all of you, so powerful so beautiful. I wanted to complain about not seeing more justice for Adler, I wanted to see news reports of them recanting their original report the two foster moms begging for forgiveness, the friends and counselors too. But it ended beautifully. It makes me want to cry that while I was watching this film somewhere in the world someone else other than Alder is living this reality right now. Just no. While the story line was terrific, the acting was not so terrific.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Dever was the bright spot in the show and kept me watching until the end. That girl can act!<br/><br/>The 2 women playing the Detectives just tried to hard and were totally unbelievable. I expected more from Toni Collette, who usually just shines. In this, not so much. The performance by Merritt Weaver was just plain annoying. Both so obviously trying too hard.<br/><br/>Maybe it's the Directing...don't know, but they blew a really great story. BUT, that Katilyn Dever is fantastic. The hubby and I just binged all 8 episodes in one night. Good acting from Kaitlyn Dever as "Marie", the first victim. Also from Danielle MacDonald as another victim. Both gals deserve Emmy nods. The other two female leads- Toni Collette and Merritt Wever would good, except they mumbled ALOT and were particularly drippy and dull in the last episode.
The writing was good, though sometimes the pacing slowed WAY down. The last episode didn't have a good structure, rhythm, or closure. It was choppy, uneven in spots, and I believe neither the director or editor knew exactly which ending they truly wanted so they threw them all in.
Definitely held my attention, but a bad ending and mumbling kept it from 10 Amazing series. I binge watched the whole thing. It made me cry, angry, happy....all the emotions. The character development was brilliant, very subtle but completely in line with the story and the acting was just on point. Not everything needs to be loud and brash as that's not real life.
You felt invested in the lives of these women and wanted justice for them. People giving negative reviews fail to realise something, it wasn't just about finding him and getting him convicted but the lives of everyone and the story telling. Having some big Hollywood action sequence of the arrest would not have enriched the story line, not everything needs to be loud with bells and whistles on it.
I'm hoping there will be another series as although they've closed this chapter they've left it open for another story line with the two detectives. Amazing!!! The first episode was good when it was a story about a young girl struggling with reporting a crime.<br/><br/>The next 7 belong on Lifetime.<br/><br/>This is objectively not a very good show. Should be in the 6's or 7's on IMDb. Overstays its welcome trying to delve WAY too deeply into the feminist angle with the two detectives.<br/><br/>Would've been much better at about 4 episodes or with more emphasis on the young girl and not the detectives. She was a much better actress and her story was far more engaging than the feminist snoozefest that was the detective angle.<br/><br/>If you're an extreme feminist or have exhausted every other average show it may give you some entertainment. Otherwise skip it. To keep it very short:<br/><br/>Good story.
Ok acting.<br/><br/>But man oh man... male characters were written as a joke. The ratings are way too high. Not bad, but pretty normal TV standard.<br/><br/>But if you should believe some ratings itts better than breaking bad,
Its absolutely not. Quite ok on a tuesday after work. But not bingewprthy. I guess in this age of Netflix the "series" this is expected. Way too long winded. Get some editing chops and keep it interesting. We don't need to see the whole cigarette smoked. Interesting story but could have been shorter if they cut out the useless bits. Crap more crap and then even more crap. I totally feel bad for Marie but those inept detectives need a slap upside the head. They ruined the show for me I stopped watching at the polygraph. Unless you are the mayors daughter, you are NOT going to get a gang of cops, and TWO detectives on your case! The girls "case worker" says what happened, I work in there, he lets her in not saying one word, and yet the girl knows all about it! She goes to the hospital and they swab her MOUTH! Wtf? Was SHE the rapist? They took blood and urine.. was she under arrest? Who wrote this trash? Have they NEVER seen the ID network? Couldn't finish one far-fetched episode. I wanna start this review with saying that I didn't give this "only a six" bc I feel this show is "too feminist". I don't feel that way at all and its not the reason I didn't like the show as much as most other people.<br/><br/>The performances are good. Nothing more nothing less. The series is slow burning, there is not a lot of suspens, but it's not boring and enough to keep you watching. That's it although. The characters are not interesting, nor at they explored/ developed at all. The storytelling is standard, even s bit boring. A lot of scenes feel cringy and a bit over the top. This series is not special. It's just average and overrated. DO NOT TRUST THE 9s AND 10s!!!! Please! I've started to watch the first episode it was fine but then the other episodes are a waste of time, too much nonsense talking especially the detective Karen.
I've watched it until the end because I was curious to know who was the rapist and to see what will happen in the court, I expected too much drama,crying,shouting or whatever you call it, but NADA.
They could have done it as a YouTube video and save the budget. Not enough words. Just BORING. Dont waste your time. Arguably the best television to air this year, Unbelievable touches on the most important discussion a human being could have in today's world. Terrific writing followed up with truly superb acting from Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette and a career-best Merritt Wever. Don't pass up this wonderful "limited series." You must watch this . I watched over a couple of days , when I wasn't watching I was thinking about it.
Amazing cast , amazing touching story ! A must watch ! It's very well written and absolutely must watch series. I almost never rate anything unless it is really really Good. This is unbelievably good. All the actors have performed very well. This could just be the silence of the lambs of this generation in the amount of beautiful feminist strength it has. The cameraderie and friendship and mentorship between the two detectives, the way their spouses or men in their lives support their work life, all these things are gorgeous. I cried so many times. And the ending when that call from the beach is made was deliverence. The title is spot on - this is an amazing piece of writing, acting, producing and directing. I write very few reviews because I save them for the best. This is one such. If you are a rape victim, please do take care in watching this especially without a support system. The first episode was 100% how I was treated as a victim. So by no means feel attacked.<br/><br/>The story is amazing and the acting is amazing, just take care of your feelings while watching. Kudos for such a well done series.you will not be able to stop watching, so just block off the time... Im disappointed cause apparently it wasn't based on the girl who got "raped" instead it was about a serial rapist. That's it! Overrated... I am so glad I listened to the reviews on this show!! It's amazing, don't just think about watching it do it, A++++++++ This miniseries shows the truth in our rapecultur-reality. Hurting but a piece of political art. I thought this was an interesting, believable series that managed to inform about serious issues and still be entertaining. My only complaint is there are a few slow moving patches where it can feel repetitive and even a little heavy handed. Which is why I didn't give the series more "stars". I think it is definitely good, just not great. i.e. worth the watch but you might want to fast forward thru a few scenes. Why isn't Annaleigh Ashford credited as Lilly Darrow in ep 5? She's great. Odd she's not listed as cast. I know we see many rape victims every day in newspaper and news channel but the way the series presented the main victim and her pain, is beyond imagination. We feel how Marie's life has been forever changes being the victim of recent sexual assault and similar unhappy life since her childool.<br/><br/>I liked direction and the way they represented the story. We do see that main focus is on the detectives, police and how they do their work and victims, mainly Marie but not on the serial killer.<br/><br/>Conclusion? Even police officers and detectives should get some psychology and human engineering classes so they could stop perpetrators a long way before serial killers collect more trophies. May be they can watch mindhunter both seasons too.<br/><br/>Well said directors..!! No wonder rape is one of the most under reported crimes...<br/><br/>Just watching this short run series is emotional, horrifying and heart wrenching and the fact it is based off a true story makes it even worse.<br/><br/>The way the police treated this poor young woman, the way people she was meant to trust betrayed her, the way she was made to feel she was a liar after all she had already been through was horrible. No one took into account how a young woman who had been abused and neglected before all this horror would react to authority figures... it's sickening and cruel.<br/><br/>As a survivor of childhood sexual abuse, this was a hard, hard watch for me but it was worth it. It's such an important story to tell. Main detective bird swanning about in her massive suit with that dodgy walk of hers. Didn't make it past the 4th episode because she was so irritating. How this rates so highly is beyond me. Starts OK deteriorated badly. Every cliche in the book is covered over too many episodes. A lot of none acting just scenes set up to tell the dumb audience what is happening.. Dumb intern "it's ok for us to tease him, we love him really and he'll help crack the case, ya!" and bonding
between 2 womxn police officers swapping stories to show their deep sincerity was utterly nauseating.  Should've rolled credits straight after thatid have rated 3 stars higher. ...it ended up just being a dramatic. The behavior of the victims in beginning of the series lead me to believe something more interesting, unbelievable, was to the story. I wanted a better plot twist. Meh I want a refund on my time. This a hard-hitting, graphic,well produced series that explores the experience of sexual assualt, primarily from the victims viewpoint and also via the investigators.
It's terrible flaw despite some token soft and supplicating male characters, is that men are incapable, insensitive, and incompetent when dealing with victims.
The only heroes who are competent are the two female leads.
I tried to ignore this, but sadly this trope became heavy-handed and is becoming all too familiar. The only things that saves Unbelievable from coming off as a Dateline true crime docudrama are the lack of a narrator, no Lester Holt summary/preview at the beginning of each episode, and first rate performances by the cast. The story is based on a ProPublica/Marshall Project collaboration (T. Christian Miller and Ken Armstrong) entitled An Unbelievable Story of Rape. The story is an important one which deserves to be told and retold, but I think here it would have benefitted greatly from Netflix and the producers investing more money and time, (as in episodes), to follow more closely the format used by Miller and Armstrong. Because here, what the viewer winds up with by the finale is a short shrift, (especially with Dever's Marie Adler), with some very mixed messages. Read the original article and I think you'll see what I mean. I was riveted to my couch! Wow! Great casting and script! More, please! It's really nuts that this whole thing had happened. Someone would just think "only in movies", but this is the realest confirmation of facts that we could have.
Personally, I didn't like Meritt Wever's acting, she lacks of expression in most of the times. However, this story shows what women have to live every time they face the bureaucracy of the police and state in rape cases. We have to stand up for this injustice and not let it happen anymore.
Awesome acting from Toni Collette, and a truly outstanding performance of Kaitlyn Dever, she is really amazing.
Excellent series/real history 8/10 A very satisfying drama all the more poignant for being true.
As my headline denotes this drama neatly ties the ending with the beginning. Competent acting all round. Don't give up on the first episode because it's the second episode which shows the direction in which this drama is going. Not sure any of the performances deserve a gong but it is worthy of a nomination. A heart gripping story but can i be first to say there are a few agonisingly slow conversational scenes..i always wonder why Writers and Directors do this to us? If it was a 6 part series i'd give it at least a 9. Toni Collette is always a winner for me. And yes i binge watched it too...but it's like a movie..would you stop watching half way through? Excellent on every level, this unbelievable true story parallels two intertwined stories about one horribly incompetent police office and two committed investigators as they track a serial rapist. Acting is superb. The plot engaging although it drags at times. The meticulous investigation reveals how exhausting and at times lucky the officers were in the dogged pursuit of the rapist. Focus on the victims is emotional without being sappy. Highly recommend. Tough topic but you are involved in the story. The actress play very well, you feel close to them. To be honest, I had very low expectations before sitting down and watching this show. In my opinion Netflix Original shows usally just have a very low standard, with pretty bad acting and a pretty cheesy script. This feels like a step in the right direction. I don't like throwing around high ratings and i feel comfortable giving this a 7 even if the rating is 8.5 as I'm typing this. The critisism I can give this show is that I never got to the point where I were sitting on the edge of my seat, and even thogh I hate to say it, the acting was at a few moments not what I would call "10 star acting". But with this said, I wouldn't recomend this show to all my friends, but still consider it a good show to watch if you got the time. Would be a 10 but I can't stand Grace.<br/><br/>I enjoyed how realistic it was as opposed to flashy CSI. The writing was great and the acting was as well. The overly done Grace was the only part that drove me nuts. What else can i say ? Netflix did it again. Unbelievable Great story. Great acting. Gripping. Can't fault it. Apart from being too gripping so made me binge watch it. Liked the ending. Liked everything really about these series. I only watched the first two episodes so far, but I wish I could go home and have time to continue for the whole thing, it keeps you really interested and it is very well acted.<br/><br/>Can't wait to see the rest Wow... Im from India.. I see lot of victim shaming in our country every now and then by politicians, media and general public. Watching this mini series will make one understand how painful and helpless the victims feel... Amazing acting, direction and execution.. What an amazing series to watch. This is really a must watch. I mean the way they portrays every scene is so realistic and obviously the powerful performance from Merritt and Kaitlyn. Even the other cast act so well that you will lean into the series without even looking at the watch.<br/><br/>
For the third time, Merritt Wever was too real and amazing. She should win Emmy for this one. Story is compelling. Actors do a phenomenal job of being their characters. It is riveting and gripping from start to finish! The cast is exceptionally chosen (special shout to Kaitlyn Dever but also Merritt Weber) and the filming is expertly done. You will empathize with some of the characters & will want to give them a big warm hug; with others you will squirm and scream and shout. This is real and so raw. One of the best series I watched to date! I loved everything about the story. It's a good watch. I watched the first episode, and while it was good, I wasn't sure I wanted to continue on. Glad I did! The acting is really good and believable. This is based on a true story of a terrible thing that happened. It's like a miniseries, 8 episodes. But doesn't drag on forever. Definitely recommend I'm not a fans of crime theme drama as too heavy and too predictable. But this drama draw my attention by starting why such a weak innocent girl lying? Or is she not? It's kinda taken audience sympathy and wondering how her life be screw up and then win back ? The producer did a great job by paving the story in such way and make the detective part come along next. And the detective part not boring for 80% of the time. Marie is totally fit for the role she played, winning audience heart. I'm starting the S02 crusade. The pairing is too good not to have more. Superb casting. A powerful and poignant limited series about the impact of sexual assault on the lives of women. Unbelievable is uncomfortable, it's hard to watch at times and it should be. It wants us to have some idea of the nightmarish experiences these women go through, experiences that don't end when the act does. They are scarred by it and the show doesn't hide that.<br/><br/>This should be seen but prepare for a difficult watch that will really make you think. Good series, slow but necessary last episode. I think this will be forgotten quite quickly otherwise would have rated higher. I have so much to say, but I eill shorten, that Merritt should won the award in Emmy and the Golden Globe. She is a gift. The Honestly told, unembellished story of two dogged policewomen in hot pursuit of a serial rapist. Kudos to actors Merritt Wever and Toni Collette and Director Lisa Cholodenko. Really made me think as a man what woman have to go through sometimes to be believed where rape is concerned. Entertaining, harrowing, and even funny in parts this series depicts well the life destroying trauma of rape. HOWEVER , constant man bashing, almost every guy was a jerk, or a creep, or ineffectual and the only good cop was a black cop made this a feminists and PC brigades dream. Overt sexism aimed at men and the assumption that woman are all good and never lie was at times grating.I stayed the course because Det. Duvall and victim Maria were excellent. So we basically started watching this because we love everything Toni Collette's in. But man this series is raw, emotional, gripping and scarily realistic ... it gets you from the 1st episode that felt very uncomfortable and than after that it was a rollercoaster led by two empowered ladies! I had to laugh when I told my brother this HAS to be written by a woman and it turned out to be right!! I gave it 9 stars and not 10 just because I thought the ending was a bit stretched, otherwise this was a 10! Go see it. This mini-series is based on a great piece of investigative journalism called "An Unbelievable Story of Rape". 
The series is very faithful to the true story. I found it both heart wrenching and heart warming. The acting is exceptional, particularly by the principal actress, Kaitlyn Dever, and the two principal female cops. Tony Colette, once again, is absolutely great.<br/><br/>The directing is brilliant. I stayed on the edge of my seat from start to finish. The first half is hard to watch given the grinder the characted of Marie Adler is put through, but stay till the end, it is very rewarding. Very well written and directed, and superb acting. If you like Criminal Minds, Mindhunter, Unabomber, Zodiac, and shows/movies like that, you will like this one very much. I don't know if this is a true story or at least based on one, but I'm sure this happens more than we would like to know it does. It opens your eyes to the evil in people out there, to be vigilant, to care for those more vulnerable, and to trust that the system sometimes works as you'd expect. We all know it does not work to help the victims all the time, but shows like this one shine a light on those that found justice, or at least some. Recommended A++ Gripping story, Great acting by cast. Also, Detective Karen Duvall (Merritt Wever) is the limelight of the show. Just loved to see such an amazing direction. I can't just believe !!! Too good. Unique way of storytelling (anyway it is based on a true event). Actors did a really great job. Very intriguing, classical way of investigation. Not much to say that wasn't already said, just wanted to review it. I have enjoyed watching it, but for me it can be finished in a two hours movie.
If some character is making a call, you will watch 6 minutes to hear 15 words.<br/><br/>What makes it boring for me is the slowness in the rythem I liked the series. They were moving, I also got emotional and inspired. I even sensed myself in the story.
My favorite part was the therapy room. When the therapist does not ask direct questions about the rape. She simply allows her to be silent, or talks about her favorite movie show; zombie. The therapist then found out how she views life by being part of her world. Everyone is different, everyone approachs differently, everyone lives in a unique inner world. Yes, its unbelievable! You can not question their reactions, defence mechanisms or emotional responses. The plot of this series is so realistic. In modern world such those things happens and there are few people who cares.
Money can not give you everything...but sometimes for some reason it might help to ensure your future. After all, bad people must punished otherwise the victims of some pathetic events may never fell safe again. It was recommended to me my by a friend and I was not disappointed, couldn't stop watching until I finished all of the episodes. The two detectives do a wonderful job, bot as actors and as detectives in the plot. They are very different but have wonderful chemistry on screen, they do an outstanding good-old fashioned the detective work which is very exciting to watch.
The only thing I didn't like was the character of Marie, I found her annoying, I know life treated her badly, but I rarely felt sorry for her.
And just a detail that caught my attention: the difference between how Marie was questioned and how Duvall questioned Amber (first two episodes). The difference is simply just huge, the attitude, the methods, the questions, the detectives' responses, incredible. She was nice, conforming, yet she got all of the information that she needed, while the male detectives were very direct, and were mainly looking for the holes in her story.
Watch for an 'unbelievably' true experience When I started the first episode it was slow and I didn't get into it. So I left it for a while. Then after reading the reviews I went back and watched! Wow just superb. The acting, the storyline everything! But what mesmerized me most Was Merrit Weaver's voice and intonations throughout ... the way she spoke with the victims and her colleagues... wow I had never seen her before but I just absolutely loved her portrayal of the character she played... definitely a must watch !!! That's all the review to it. Beautiful. To anyone reading this: do watch this! Trigger warning: sexual assault, reporting of sexual assault.<br/><br/>It's been a while since I watched this, but the memory is still with me. I had to take my time watching since it was not a weekend when I started, and I couldn't wait to get onto each new episode. Not in a "Man, I love this show, it's so entertaining!" sort of way, but more of a riveted "I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT" way.<br/><br/>It is a very well done portrayal of the realities of how countless victims of sexual assault have been treated. It explores survivor memory and how it can be fragmented, and how the whole reporting process can add to the trauma of victims and confuse them, rather than clarifying the truth.<br/><br/>Amazing acting jobs by all those involved. It was heartbreaking watching the main character slowly lose all those people close to her. Throughout the story though, she found her strength through the struggle she endured.<br/><br/>Highly recommended, but comes with a trigger warning for anyone who has suffered this sort of trauma. My first reaction after viewing this is of raging anger at how the police handle a rape case.Kaitlyn Dever had me i tears ,her portrayal of a rape victim is heartbreaking.Overall a really good series but did anyone else find Merritt Weaver's voice irritating? The uneasy relationship between the 2 lead cops make for something special here. The director lets us into their worlds and takes the time so we get to know them and really like them against the backdrop of a gripping case. Brilliant performances all round and beautifully told too. We need season 2 now! A great insight behind the reality of how flawed the system is, how invasive and horrible it is for people who have been through this.
Giving great insight to the masses who still don't get it. Brilliant! I loved it. So real, so touching. It shows how injustice kills, breaks and destroys souls. I also loved that it shows how women are truly strong, powerful and tenacious. You won't regret watching it, that's for sure. Low quality, ordinary, dull story.... Netflix is all about quantity not quality.
Funny how the initial ratings are so high then it drops, friends and family can give an initial boost to the reviews but it's not going to last. I'm just bored with it.. I'm bored with the soft wishy washy god loving cop and her lesbian trousers.. I'm totally bored with the young lass... ok ok she a good actress... but I cant stand how stupid how childish she was.. I just want to bloody give her a good shake... 2 more episodes to go.. thank f&$k!! This feels like a Lifetime movie, just bad! Boring, slow, UNBELIEVABLE characters and acting.<br/><br/>I love Toni and Merritt, but not in this. It seems I'm the black sheep here, but I could not get into this.
The overall message is so overbearing, and the excessive emphasis on how terrible rape is, makes you roll your eyes as "passionate" outbursts unfold. The acting is mediocre and the story and dialogue are bland. The chemistry between the detectives is underwhelming and forced. You can feel that they were grasping at straws trying to find filler for approximately 8 hours of content.<br/><br/>The only solid performance here is that of Marie, which was the only reason I pulled through until the end. She was certainly the star.<br/><br/>There was potential here, but the execution was dull, and I will most certainly be brain dumping this series shortly after this review is complete. A great series, very well-acted and directed and with a decent script. Why run it over 8 episodes. So much padding was totally unnecessary and made some episodes rather slow and pointless. This could have been a much better 6 Ep series. I think those who love this series i guess did not watch 'The Killing'. The series wants to be constantly 'The Killing'. Toni Collette is Joel Kinnaman's, Merritt Wever is Mireille Enossn replica of the characters, on top of the victim's father in both series plays Brent Sexton.
series can not reach the kind of subject that he wants to arrive at. Although he says the whole subject in the first place.<br/><br/>I'm not saying don't watch, but ... go watch 'The Killing', see how this genre series is drawn. I'd preferred a lot more twists which you had almost none here. That's sad and distracts from the very good performances of the actors. I had good hopes in the last two episodes that there will be a turning point or a complete change of the narrative, but nope.<br/><br/>Content: 5
Acting: 9<br/><br/>7/10 This is so satisfying to watch. It hits every note. I'm a major advocate for women who have been assaulted and man, this really nails it. I'm so thankful they delivered something this realistic. Just beautiful I am not sure if this was a devious attempt at promoting misogyny and degrading women or just a badly executed attempt at feminism.<br/><br/>The sad thing is my guess is that the creators were aiming for the latter but failed miserably. I am guessing many of you may have missed the misogynistic cues so I will list them:<br/><br/>* The masculine attire of the female leads
* The muscle cars for female leads
* The absolute negligence of the female detective with regards her daughter
* The fact that the female detectives continually miss all the clues and their token male intern solves the case
* Little things like the female detectives print out spreadsheets in order to look for matches manually, not aware of basic spreadsheet functionality
* Abandoning their partners late at night to play gin rummy
* The young female victim is portrayed as completely and utterly incapable and weak
* The victim is betrayed by her foster mother
* The rapist is portrayed as a war hero<br/><br/>In this dystopian present, heroic women need to be macho and basically dumb. Anything remotely resembling feminity is consigned to being weak and confused. Not to say that men get treated any better. Although, aside from the rapist, they are basically well intended but of little relevance.
All told, the creators sadly missed an opportunity here with a true life story to present women in a strong and heroic light and yet they failed miserably.<br/><br/>The show is full of plot holes, and inconsistencies. It is laboured and boring.<br/><br/>So sad to see an opportunity wasted. Maybe gets better, but in 1st episode the 2 detectives are just cartoonish in their middle age white male, bald, unattractive, insensitive, jerkness. Looks written and played from someone's stereotype idea, vice how real cops act, hurts show's credibility Cringy the whole way thru. Bad acting. Overacting. Good acting weird. The best series I have ever seen. Full stop. Watch it. Unbelievably well scripted and acted!! Such an emotional journey. I loved the way the the Christian detective was portrayed as a regular person rather than a crazy religious nut.
Cathartic tears flowed in the end as validation and repetitions led to new beginnings. If you haven't watched it yet, do so, now!! Realy?10 stupid ,boring, the worst serie i ever see. They really do take you very step of the way in showing how the story unfolded. The cast is absolutely phenomenal (Merritt Weaver was my favorite). If you really want to nitpick, you could argue that there were times it dragged on or seemed like your everyday national television crime show, but they manage to keep you glued to the story the entire time. I watched the series in one day because I knew I wouldn't get sleep unless I knew how it ended. Unbelievable (Netflix) - when a rapist is far too aware of the facts that there are inept police officers investigating, that the different states are not connected on the crime reporting & archiving modules, his courage increases manifold. Women of all ages are raped and left traumatised without evidence, not even DNA traces and the police is left scratching heads, until an intelligent, workaholic and empathetic investigator starts piecing some information together. She reaches out to other counties and work painstakingly together to solve this intriguing case.<br/><br/>It was heartbreaking to see the case of an orphaned teenager whose report of a sexual assault meets with a botched investigation where the police almost coerce her to admit that she fabricated the crime and thereafter slap a case of false reporting against her. It all but destroys her life, robbing her of foster care, a job, free counselling and most importantly, of her faith in people.<br/><br/>Unbelievable is based on true events and makes for binge watching, for it's a riveting, intelligent, detailed, humane, thought provoking and effervescent crime drama which leaves you with compassion for those who were violated and reinforces faith in goodness. Incredible story. Actors are all amazing. Recommend highly. Netflix hit a home run with this crime-based mini-series. The premise, based on true events about a serial rapist that Propublica journalists wrote about in the award-winning article, "An Unbelievable Story of Rape," was compelling to start with.<br/><br/>The eight part series unfolded with perfect pacing and held my attention, without wavering, all the way through. Merrit Weaver, as the lead detective Karen Duvall, hit just the right notes with her soft-spoken, dedicated manner. Toni Colette, as Karen's tough or contrary mentor and her partner for the serial rapist case, also struck the right chords. The way they played off each other was believable. The well done script and direction gave them a strong platform to effectively tell this story.<br/><br/>Likewise, the actresses who played the rape victims are extremely talented and got the story told, eliciting compassion, not pity. These are actors to watch: Kaitlyn Dever, as Marie, and Danielle McDonald, as Amber. Each story was heartbreaking, and the women who lived through this horrible experience exemplify the strength of the human spirit.<br/><br/>Victims are sometimes not believed because people who purport to know them well and / or support them discredit them and mislead investigations, or victims are threatened, gagged, or coerced to retract statements. I'm a victim of crime who experienced some of these same things to devastating consequences; the perpetrator has gone on to hurt others.<br/><br/>I recommend this excellent series. I just loved this series! And adored both detectives. And their characters and how they act. I think it briliantly natural. Based on a Pulitzer award winning article about a young woman's experience of the justice system after a brutal sexual assault and the subsequent investigation of the same serial rapist. This series is not slick but in many ways has the look of a low budget production but the three principal characters are brilliantly performed (Kaitlyn Denver, Merrit Wever and Toni Collette, all three, are up for Golden Globes for their work in this). In the first episode the details of what happened after the 911 call are so carefully crafted to be an accurate portrayal of the trauma of young Marie that it is almost unbearable to watch. However, the series is so well written and is such an important story to tell that I highly recommend you see it. I give this limited series a 9 (superb) out of 10. {Crime Drama} I have to admit that the first time I watched this series, I couldn't get past the first episode. It left me feeling violated, angry, and feeling like there would be no hope. I tried again a few months later, after continuing to see it on my feed. I was very glad that I did.<br/><br/>As a survivor of sexual assault, this show ended up being very healing for me. It was very deliberate in how things were portrayed, and though at times it was hard to watch, it left me hopeful. I appreciated that everything was focused on the victims. How the events affected their lives. How the detectives interacted with and treated the victims, and how that was used as motivation to find the perpetrator. There is no way to explain how rape affects the mental, physical, spiritual aspects of survivors' lives, but I feel like this show was an EXTREMELY important springboard into opening up the conversation, and in displaying the strength it takes to go through something like this. In showing others a snippet of the aftermath of assault. And in showing survivors that they are not alone. After an ACL surgery, you're stuck at home. What to do to pass time? One of the best TV series ever created to watch. It takes the whole day and never a dull moment. Acting and writing are superb. I'm so glad I've come across to this show. Strongly recommended. You won't regret it. This is an amazing show! Very gripping and binge worthy show. Loved the performance by all characters in the show. I haven't finished watching the series but it's amazing. It triggered me so much how Marie was treated by the detectives. And the difference was so evident when we saw how the other victims were treated by the women detectives... Binge watched this in one day. Compulsive tv. Whole cast is awesome. Doesn't get much better than this. Was routing for Marie throughout. I was engrossed in this series from beginning to end! The story is very powerful, the acting is flawless and you cannot help but get so emotionally invested in the characters. One of the best TV shows out there! Strongly recommend! WOW. The storytelling was pitch perfect. The acting was excellent. And the portrayal of the dramatically different investigative approaches to five almost identical sexual assaults occurring over three years in different towns in three different states was eye-opening and horrifying.<br/><br/>It becomes evident that things like crime venue, jurisdictional resources and most disturbingly the background of the victim, have at least as much bearing on how aggressively a case is investigated as the evidence itself.<br/><br/>Also, I hope viewers won't miss the subtle but clear message that the online porn industry is grossly complicit in the wholesale sexual exploitation of women and children. Predators and traffickers are a prime source for the digital imagery bought and sold by the porn industry to "entertain" its online consumers. My middle schooler will understand loud and clear that pornography is not a "normal" rite of passage or a witty punchline. It's an industry that motivates predators, exploits their victims and desensitizes its consumers to the right to dignity every man, woman and child deserves.<br/><br/>"Unbelievable" should be a must-watch for law enforcement personnel, school and college counselors, social workers, educators -- anyone who thinks they know the "typical" profile of sexual predators and their victims or the "normal" responses to sexual assault, abuse and exploitation. This show is incredible!!! The acting is fantastic?? Great series! Loved all the three main ladies wish they had a scene altogether at the end but still loved the series regardless!!! Kudos to all The first episode made me feel so uncomfortable so angry and mad as hell
As its like living the main character life all the hell she been through ,
the show kept me interested until the end, mixed emotions ,a real perfect drama series and what makes it so sad that it's based on a true story.
It really touched me, hardly recommended if u like drama. This is my first review here, and I'm here mostly to tive praise to an absolutely fantastic show. The leading ladies are not only exceptional actresses but noble humans for carrying out this important story in the most respectful way possible. Reading about the making of the show made me understand even more the message they so skillfully portrayed. The system never treats the victim as a suspect unless they're reporting sexual assault. A must watch for everybody, a hard watch but a necessary wake up call nas hopefully a stop towards a more just system. This show both degraded my hope for humanity and lifted it. It's so so so so so heartbreaking. Watch it with everyone because everyone should see it, this is a story so important to tell and it's done in a beautiful way. The best thing I've seen this year.<br/><br/>You cannot help but get fully immersed in each episode and never before have you wanted someone to get the justice they deserve than poor Marie Adler.<br/><br/>Her treatment from all parties is so inhumane and raw that you are pleading with the script to pick her up and hug all of them terrible emotions out of her.<br/><br/>I could go on for ever.<br/><br/>The performances from the lead actresses is fantastic<br/><br/>
Watch it This show, possibly because it was based on a true story, is unique and like a breath of fresh air. The description might make some think the series is about a victim, but it isn't really. It's about how exceptional police detectives did their jobs to bring in a serial rapist. All of the people, from the cops to the victims, are portrayed realistically. The dectectives happen to be women, but there is no agenda in this. These were great detectives doing their job, who acted like real people. One of the detectives was even a woman of faith, and portrayed in a positive way - something rare in modern films and shows. I can see many people being inspired to pursue a career in law enforcement after watching this. Note: Even the first police who made mistakes were shown with fairness. I give this a 10 because they did well in casting realistic people, and telling a compelling true story of hope. Acting, Direction, story simply amazing. Young actress who played marie adler was extraordinary in her acting What an amazing series. In the first place it's the female performances of Dever, Wever and Collette, which make this series one of best of 2019. It takes a slow start and kind of surprisingly switches storylines to the two female detectives. Maybe in some parts too fast, maybe in some parts with small mistakes - but the show remains in it's unique way of telling this story: calm, detailed, precise, never annoying and always gripping.
A must-watch for everybody! Fantastic acting, based on a true story. I was wrapped up in it from start to finish - incredible story telling I dont rate on imdb this may be my 2nd time i think rating anything on imdb......amazing story and acting and all. One of the best season yet this year. Easily the best telling of story on rape/sexual assault. It CAN be triggering so fair warning on that. As a victim of sexual assault it was pretty brutal to watch but I didn't watch it alone because I kind of expected that reaction. It's an incredibly powerful series about 2 female detectives who figure out a serial rapist (who is insanely intelligent about stalking his victims and leaving the crime scene pristine and with little to no evidence of h even being there) has been raping for several years but rapes women in different precincts because he knows police departments don't communicate that kind of stuff. It's based off of a real story. It's really good and easily bingable. Highly recommend. Especially the rape scenes. Seen mostly as flashbacks, it made you feel like you were there. I said to myself, do they really need to show these scenes over and over again? Yes, they did. It's what made the audience feel what the victims were feeling; like we were there. The male detectives that didn't believe her were so insensitive! It made me think how important it is to have female detectives. I didn't want to watch this program at first . I'm not usually into police procedural programs, but this one is worth it. It was well acted all around! Nearly an excellent depiction on how police investigation of this kind of crimes is being made. Also, the show offers an insightful emotional analysis of the people (cops, victims and others) involved in cases like this one. This show brings a new twist to the crime drama series world. It is brilliantly original, and knows how to consume the viewer. First of all; I've never written a review before, I'm just a person who uses IMDB and other websites like it to search for new series and movies to watch. The sole reason that I clicked the "Review this title" link is the feeling that I was left with after watching all 8 episodes. A feeling that is build of many more feelings all happening at once, great feelings, sad feelings, you can name them all.<br/><br/>The people behind this series did something that is incredibly difficult, very easily done wrong and even more, kinda unbelievable. They managed to exactly portray all the wrongs you can feel, endure and walk into when you're life turns upside down because of something done by someone else. The disbelieve, the way people get uncomfortable about this topic, the whole range of reactions and situations where it just get's harder if you're not "a good victim". Next to that they show how incredibly hard it is to solve a case concerning this topic. And that's maybe the strongest sad feeling I was left with, the knowledge that most of these cases don't even go to court. They end up in the database.<br/><br/>And all that, they manage to tell in a way that doesn't rely on pointing the finger to one wrong thing in the system, or one bad thing about people. No, they keep respectful but honest, which is a lot harder then just saying it's this or that's fault.
It's by far one of the best series I've ever come across, and I feel like running outside and make sure that this is seen by anyone everywhere. Offcourse, I'm not gonna do that, instead I'm writing this review.<br/><br/>Before I started watching this afternoon I saw a review of someone who wrote about bingewatching the whole series in a couple of hours and I thought; "I'm not gonna do that, I'll watch some today, some tomorrow, but I need my sleep". Here I am, hours later, having watched them all. Couldn't stop either.<br/><br/>I would recommend this series to everyone, whether this topic has never occured closely in your life (bless you), whether your male or female, whether your a victim or know someone. And for those of you who are afraid it might trigger memories that might make you feel bad; I can't say it won't, but I can tell you how it was for me. Yes, my memories came back, yes I've shed a tear, but not in the bad way. For me, watching this series was as if I was acknowledged too. What an amazing depiction of true story. I binged watched it in a day. Amazing acting and amazing production/direction. One of the best dramas I have watched in a while. Watched 4 episodes in a row. Highly recommended. Excellent series, with an absolutely amazing performance from Merritt Wever.
Although the subject matter made it an uneasy watch at times, it was sensitively portrayed and I guarantee that you will find it hard not to binge watch the whole eight episodes immediately.
Toni Collette and Kaitlyn Dever are also superb and it is very well directed, with some lighter moments to alleviate the tension. The ending certainly did not let it down either, as is the case with so many crime series. Highly recommended & well done Netflix! This story is absolutely amazing. A totally unfair and cruel situation that should never have happened. I'm so glad the two detectives on the case didn't stop until they found their answers. First time my husband and I binged watch a complete series over 2 days as so compelling. This master production avoided the temptation of including glamorous stars (zero disrespect to actors intended). It portrayed a realistic set of events in an honest showing of everyday folk suffering genuine wrongdoings and was told with all the vulnerability usually experienced in real life. I could not get over how believable every single character and their profiles and their stories appeared in the production. I just wish more mini-series were made with a similar style of presentation - REAL!!! Well done. I have always loved Toni Collette, but I didn't really have any awareness of Merritt Wever. Both women, but particularly Wever, were incredible. Wonderful show which tells an important, yet heartbreaking, story. Please watch! From episode one I was hooked and couldn't stop watching this. Kaitlyn Dever did a phenomenal job playing Marie Adler and portraying that deep, dark sadness and burden that all too often and in too great of numbers that most rape victims feel. The directors did an excellent job showing the difference that one person can make in another's life by the way they carry themselves and help protect another human being. The officers with Marie were abrasive and treated her like a specimen; in fact...it seemed most of the male investigators did that. Officer Duvall and Rasmussen were exactly the opposite and those woman felt heard and seen. I loved the rawness that this show brought to light in addition to the sad truth of due process and those who suffer in it. I hate that such truth and light on the topic(s) of rape are created in fiction from acts of truth and pain. If you're reading this and your a victim, if you have experienced any of the things the actors portray in this show, I hope you can one day find peace and hope and someone who never stops working to bring your truth into the light and your attacker to justice. <3 Couldn't stop watching, brilliant from start to finish, hard to watch at times but so fantastically written. Very emotional but uplifting at the end! I am still watching episode 1 and I'm so angry at the polices approach to this young woman. She's been crapped on most of her life and then this happens. She doesn't get the support from the police.<br/><br/>I'm angry right now so the acting must have been excellent. I just finished this today! Stellar acting from both female adult leads but that is given whom are, Toni Collette and Merritt Weaver. (just noticed both have double double letters in names) The problem I had, hard to avoid since center of story is teen Kaitlyn Dever made me cringe throughout. Wish that was casted better actress, her emoting story dictated or not was horrid; Many times wanted to give her swift kick. The story had to be some fictionalized to make 8 episodes. Anyone agree there? I give it a 7/10 Good written story, good acting, emotional, tense.. like real life.
Actors are great!! Not a typical rape storie.. which is too difficult to watch..but this is about the police and detectives work..the whole proces.
Don't miss it!! There is no other word for this series. Never wrote a comment here before, but I need to praise the outstandig actors. Binge-watched this on a sunday, no regrets. Hope there will be more like this in the future. This series was amazing from start to finish. I watched all of it in one day because I just couldn't stop. The acting was great, the way the story was told was great, everything was great. I'm so glad justice was served. I hope cops see this. I hope it gives them pause before passing judgment in any situation. Just taking an extra moment could save someone's life. I started watching first episode around 8 pm thinking I'd watch episodes 1 and 2. I could not stop till I had seen all EIGHT! This was the best series I have watched in a long, long time. Acting, directing, teleplay was superb. The only thing I would have added was at the end a follow up to how victims, officers, and those NOT believing were doing today. Thank you Netflix for bringing this to the small screen. Prayers for those injured. Watched the whole series over 2 nights - it was gripping with beautiful performances from the cast. Fingers crossed for Season 2. I came across the limited series by total accident but oh hell what an accident, this superbly written series takes all that you think you know about a harsh subject and blows out of the water, thrusts it into your face and keeps you gripped from the first minute.
This cast is fabulous and it is so well acted, scripted that you feel personally invested in the the events.
I recommend this to anyone and everyone. So, so great, from start to finish, the acting, the story.
Very emotional and beautiful.
Just watch it, it's great, really. Very well written, directed and acted series. All actors are excellent and the story is superbly put together.
It's a definite 10 out of 10. I very rarely am moved enough to write a review about a show I watch, but Unbelievable is so good that I had to add my opinion. The first episode is rough to watch but stick with it because you will NOT be disappointed by the series.<br/><br/>There are ups and downs throughout the series and I can't tell you how many times I felt like trying to give one of the characters a hug or throttle some of the others.<br/><br/>Possible spoiler ahead...<br/><br/>The last episode annihilated me...like ugly cry annihilated... If you feel like white men at the villain of this story, it is because they are.
Women and minorities have known for a long time, crimes against us, don't mean much to white men.
Your " poor white men" "bias" dismissal of how justice is served up according to color, gender, money and power, proves that point. What started out as an intriguing and captivating mystery devolved into a cop-hating, non-sensical drama that fizzled out without merit or a lesson learned. This is probably directed more at the current national climate than worthwhile cinema. Meh. This was absolutely just unbearable watching this girl not know what happened and what didn't happen. She is incapable of making her own decision. It was so frustrating watching her act like she couldn't possibly know what was reality. I get you need to be sensitive to this situation but this was way too underlining of the situation for me to have compassion. I felt bad for her but the cops seemed to wanna corrupt a young women's mind into thinking it didn't actually happen when it did? I get the whole trouble teen thing and PTSD associated with this, was just a very frustrating. Saccharine, dumbed down, undramatic (quite an achievement considering the subject matter) bloated waste of time.<br/><br/>3 stars for the young lead actress, she was great. Wow. I was drawn in by Toni Collette but Merritt Wever is a show stealer. I didn't expect much after her character on Nurse Jackie. It was well performed but her performance in Unbelievable is well, unbelievable. This story is gut wrenching. The victim shaming is again, unbelievable. Maureen's story made me pause several times to wipe tears away. Colette is, as always, amazing. Wever is an overlooked, under appreciated actress. Watch episode one and you will not be able to stop watching. Great acting by all! I wish they would do a season 2 with Toni and Merritt teaming up to solve more cases. Binged it in one day! I love Merritt Wever! Glad to see her in another fantastic role since Godless. And yes we would appreciate a second season for that one, too! Thanks Netflix!!! How does one find the words to describe the immense quality of Unbelievable? The writing was Shakespearean without being esoteric. The unconventional, but precise, casting became a tour de force of this film. And the acting? The direction? Were we watching a "movie" or a "documentary?" Exquisite!<br/><br/>As a believer in the Lord Jesus the Christ, I treasured the world view juxtaposition of the two women detectives. I'm not sure which character I liked best. Both spoke so well to the human heart. Thank you writers!<br/><br/>As a former consultant to DARSA in western New York, I found this film's approach to sexual assault credible and inspiring. As the Marie character concluded, they gave her, and us by watching this all transpire, new hope.<br/><br/>As a father of three daughters, let me comment about the nudity. It's about time narratives about sexual assault focused on the evil of the perpetrator, rather than the potentially titillating scenes of said assault. The naked perpetrator standing in jail says it all.<br/><br/>Collette, Wever and Dever? You had better win Emmys and/or Golden Globes! But, Susanna Grant? You've set the bar high! Make room on your shelf. Thank you. The first couple episodes of this show were done pretty well, and while the story was focused on the character of Marie, played wonderfully by Dever, the show was quite gripping. As the show goes on the man-bashing gets pretty in your face, which would have been fine if it was even a little subtle. Wever does a good job, though by the end I was wondering if she had done all her filming on xanax. Toni Collette ruins the show with her over-acting of the cliche "cool but cold" female character. I wouldn't be surprised if she pushed for her character to have a pack of cigs rolled up in her sleeve while she walked with her thumbs in the belt loops of her leather pants. Toni Collette is nothing but exaggerated expressions and I think she came of her acclaim in Hereditary with way too much confidence. Here she does nothing but a bad impression of what she imagines to be a "cool chick". Cringe. She alone takes this show from an 7.5 to a 6 Painfully slow and the most unbelievable "overacting" I have ever witnessed, definitely one of the worst Netflix series ever... So it is well written and acted but it's just this whole agenda thing is so tiring to watch. If you are a guy and emotionally intelligent, it's a little insulting. Add meaningless details!!
I think 5 episodes enough!! I created this account just to write this review. This show will win awards. Period. Phenomenally done and the acting by all three female leads is nothing short of superb. I cannot recommend this series enough. It's just SO GOOD. Fourteen years have passed since a woman falsely accused three Duke University lacrosse players of rape. The claim led to a months-long media frenzy and spurred national outrage at the alleged crime of the young defendants.<br/><br/>Every outlet under the sun was willing to believe wholeheartedly the story that district attorney, Mike Nifong, was propagating and took it as fact that the three white Duke students viciously raped a black woman.<br/><br/>Since that time, America learned that the story was completely bogus. Authorities zealously pursued it because one district attorney thought it would help him get re-elected. (Note: it actually did.)<br/><br/>ESPN aired a documentary on the event which castigated its media compatriots - while excluding itself - who bought into the insidious lie and exposed how unthinking outrage forever ruined the lives of three innocent young men.<br/><br/>Looking back at the affair naturally begs the question: Did we learn anything from this particular rape hoax?<br/><br/>The answer is one big hell no.<br/><br/>Over the last few years the media has fallen for a host of stories that turned out to be completely different than what was originally reported. Throughout 2012 and 2013, we had the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. The initial narrative was one of cold-blooded murder perpetuated by a man with hate in his heart against an innocent black child. Eventually, it turned out the gunman shot Martin in self-defense after having his head repeatedly bashed to the pavement by the 17-year-old.<br/><br/>In 2014, we had two big lies dominate the news cycle: the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri and the University of Virginia gang rape hoax.<br/><br/>For months, the mainstream media spread the false notion Brown had his hands up and was not a threat when he was fatally shot. The "hands up" story helped fuel the riots that tore up Ferguson and inspired the creation of the Black Lives Matter movement. Even after the shooter, Officer Darren Wilson, was cleared of any wrong-doing by the St. Louis County district attorney, there were still a large number of liberals who still pushed the idea Brown was murdered without justification.<br/><br/>Later on, Eric Holder's Department of Justice confirmed what local authorities had already determined, and the "hands up" narrative went down the memory hole.<br/><br/>Right around the time the riots were dying out in Missouri, Rolling Stone published "A Rape on Campus." This depicted a brutal gang rape that supposedly done by members of a University of Virginia fraternity. Dozens of articles were written about how the story showcased the horrific rape culture lurking within American higher education and UVA suspended its entire fraternity system.<br/><br/>However, the story turned out to be an eerie replication of the Duke lacrosse hoax as the "gang rape" turned out to be a twisted fantasy concocted by a demented young woman.<br/><br/>If there's anything we "learned" from the Duke lacrosse case, it's that powerful figures and institutions in our society will blindly believe and promote outright lies if they fit a certain narrative.<br/><br/>Liberals want to believe rich white kids get away with horrific crimes, particularly against minorities, because of their skin color and wealth - that's why they bought the deranged woman's tale of three Blue Devils sexually assaulting her. Liberals want to believe cops routinely brutalize innocent black youth without repercussion - that's why they continued to tell us Michael Brown had his hands up. Liberals want to believe there's a widely-ignored campus rape culture that gives license to frat boys to sadistically rape co-eds - that's why Rolling Stone published a massive disgrace to proper journalism.<br/><br/>Fourteen years after Duke, our anointed guardians of truth are as willing as ever to buy lies that conform to their political prejudices.<br/><br/>
Another Review From a Woman of Colour. I love true crime stuff on TV so this is qualified as a great one. Maybe this is the best TV by Netflix to date.<br/><br/>It's almost perfect directing and all of the characters are so real. It also made me believe the first cop. I had a doubt over the victim too which it's unbelievable. This is a superior piece of TV drama. It is far more than a crime investigation, it is a study of three women, Marie Adler a young girl who is an apparent victim of a violent rape and Karen Duvall and Grace Rasmussen two detectives who are investigating, initially, separate rapes. These three characters are portrayed by Kaitlyn Dever, Merritt Wever and Toni Collette. Both the writing and portrayal of these three women is exceptional and this gives much more depth to the characters than would normally be expected if such a crime series. The storyline is beautifully plotted and the whole experience is rewarding and of rare quality. You can't understand Peoples tastes some time ! This kind of tv show the shows the injustice happened to poor and weak people (most of us are) this is the one who should be 8.7 and above I hope it will win awards If you appreciate fine acting, women's stories, being drawn into a story, actresses who look, speak, bond as real women, this is the series for you.
I really hated to see it end. I keep remembering the people, and missing them as I might old friends. This series is simple gripping ,mesmerising and shocking. It really has everything and you hang onto the last word and scene.
Hats off to the cast and production team for such an amazing series. Moving, realistic, scary and perfectly acted!
This series relates to women and their basic right to be safe, actresses are amazing, both detective and Marie especially! It's the kind you watch wishing life was easy that you could just sit, watch until something is done. Very well written, great acting, true event series dont usually come out this perfect, most of them seem like documentaries, but this is worthy your time. One of the best mini tv shows I've ever seen.
My wife and I watched an episode every night and literally couldn't wait to start the next one to find out what happened next. The fact that this is all based on true life events made it all the more compelling.
The acting was also of the highest quality from everyone. There literally isn't a weak point to this show. Super women doing super investigation about super women. Wonderful show! Everything perfect. I cried when things were going great. I cried when things were going bad. I cried with frustration and with sympathy. I can't even begin to explain the quality of this series. It is nothing less than astounding.<br/><br/>I believe this is the best series I've ever seen about sexual assault. Most importantly, the way that the series gives the rapist the absolute minimum of attention is extremely powerful, and keeps focus on what is really important - the stories of the victims.<br/><br/>There is not enough praise in the world for this series. One of the best tv shows ever and Merritt Wever deserves an emmy for this performance.Just keep watching after first episode because the plot starts in second episode. With incredible female actors!!! And unbelievable that this really happened! Almost to hard to watch! But watch it, please! I started watching Sunday evening, stayed up way too late watching and finally finished tonight (Wednesday), leaving the final episode to be savored.<br/><br/>It's not just a procedural, it's not just a "women's show", or "woman's issue". It's affects everyone.<br/><br/>Marie's life already on the edge made even more razor thin by the unbelieving cops in her town. Not just because they're men, the women in Marie's life aren't much better, especially one of her former foster mothers who should be a protector.<br/><br/>All of the actors were amazing, even the people you want to hate. It's not fair to put Netflix shows against regular TV shows. The quality can't be topped and subjects touched in such depth and honesty.<br/><br/>WOW. Just WOW. ... 8 episodes which felt like the length of one extremely gripping feature film. Time just flew by. I have never binged watch any series before until Unbelievable.
It was just ... unbelievable.
It had that fascinating real life documentary feel to but with proper actors, and brilliant acting. The character of Marie Adler was beautifully acted out with such realism and fragility. You cannot help but be captivated by her innocence and yet her loss of innocence.
10/10 ten times over. Bravo to Netflix. Wow, mind-blowing!
For everyone who likes crime/drama/mystery genre i highly recommend it! The acting of Kaitlyn Dever was phenomenal. The way she was able to express all that emotion was definitely on par with the great Hollywood actresses out there. Toni Collette is always excellent while Merritt Wever deserves praise as well for her portrayal of compassion, determination, and frustration.<br/><br/>Definitely a must-see series and thank you Netflix for bringing this to us To begin with: I'm a straight male, but one fierce feminist. I consider woman to be a superior being, and the violence against women I consider the utmost crime against humanity.<br/><br/>This is one superbly made TV series, everything you wish to see but don't see very often: the script (although based on actual events, life is frequently more bland and uneventful: to put it in perspective, writing the script that would glue you to your couch, is where the art comes to the forefront), the editing (I'm a stickler for editing), the directing, and ACTING, OMG THE ACTING!!<br/><br/>But let us not forget the actuality of this entire story: this is NOT a detective movie (or simply a detective movie). To see this story in all its gut-wrenching detail, the struggle these young women went through, the society's (darn male dominated society) refusal to accept the horror of the trauma the victims of sexual violence experience and have to live with, is the real story.<br/><br/>We must protect our women, our mothers, our sisters, our friends, we must watch series like this and educate our children (sons AND daughters) to respect women MORE, we cannot and must not accept to live in a society where the woman is an object, a piece of furniture.<br/><br/>We owe them that much because they gave birth to us, they fed us and give us their unconditional love.<br/><br/>Thank you Netflix. I don't have to say anything... I just want to say see that and feel that What can you expect when both the leads have an Emmy award win to their name.
But besides the acting, this series is so well thought of and written, just grips you.
I've been meaning to watch series like this for a long time, short , limited episodes and worthwhile! Series are good, but that call at the end - was just perfect end to the great show.
That was brilliant script that relates so much. This is a film about rape. and most specifically about a young woman who was let down by the "system" from the age of three. Eventually raped, bullied into confessing to making everything up, charged with filing a false police report, and enduring the scouge of being branded a liar. Losing everyone who loved her, her friends, and her transitional home. Even her shitty job at Walmart.<br/><br/>It was a remarkable portrayal of so many aspects of how our society abandons the least of us, but it was done so not in a heavy handed, crtiical way. There were no real answers presented.<br/><br/>The ending is just beautiful. The rapist, asvirtually all, is serial rapist. He eventually is caught, and sentenced to life. But that doesn't provide satisfaction. The lead character is let down by her local police department, but two tenacious police officers a thousand miles away crack the case.<br/><br/>No answers were provided how we can change all these people - the police, the social workers, low wage managers, foster parents and friends who don't really care.<br/><br/>What mattered was two strangers restoring a young woman's hope that there were good people in the world. Very touching, and I hope the entire cast, writers and production crew get the credit they are due. Flawless. This is a well told and well acted story that grips you from the first episode to the last. Its pace, direction and how it handles the subject is exceptional.<br/><br/>About time Netflix gave us something worth watching. One of the best pieces of television I've ever seen. Brilliant acting, writing and directing. I was initially reluctant to watch it, because of the storyline, but I'm so glad I did. I can't recommend it enough. A mini series where I just couldn't help myself to watch one episode after the other in one go. The story, the writing, the acting, the editing, camera movements .. just everything is done absolutely astonishing.
Throughout all of this, I always had the feeling that things could go one direction or the other, it was never predictable. That there is an happy ending after all was never certain. I have never once reviewed a movie/tv show, but I absolutely had to write about "Unbelievable". I have never binge-watched a show on Netflix, but this was my first. I knocked the 8 episodes out in two days; stopping after the first four only because it was 3am. After watching the first episode, I couldn't stop(but I had to eventually). Whoever wrote this show needs an award. The acting is excellent. The suspense of the whole show was amazing. After this or that scene the next thing that came out of my mouth was "oooohhhhh". It was that good. When they finally find who/what they are looking for, you almost feel like you are on the bust yourself. It had my adrenaline going. So, if you watch nothing else on Netflix; make sure it is Unbelievable.....you won't be disappointed. Moving, captivating performances by the whole cast, but especially Weaver, Collette, and Dever. If you're into true crime and/or the Me Too movement, this series might be preaching to the choir. We can't judge someone based on how they react to trauma. We can't discount someone's story because we don't want to believe what they're saying. Seeing strong female detectives taking action is uplifting and moved me to tears. I loved every minute of this series and what it meant. The story take a quick start . The first episode is very enganging and the story goes on and on. Series tell us about the truth of the society .
A must watch series . In this era of unlimited content which is mostly subpar, Unbelievable is a gem. Such a touching storyline and great performances. Detective Duvall stole the show for me. Please hand her over whatever award they give out these days. What a truly great show. Impeccable writing, amazing actors and a great, although shocking, story. That was one of the best series I've ever watched. Burned through it in two days. What an incredible story and superb acting. I had a headache from forgetting to breathe. Emmys, pay attention! I just finished watching this mini series. What I really appreciate about it is that the rape scenes weren't graphic. They were shown enough to make anyone uncomfortable. The two women detectives are strong and work hard to find the truth. It's realistic. Even when they do their job, they aren't overly glorified. They are just doing their job, well. There are two lines which I really liked in this series. I'm just paraphrasing here because of my short term memory. One is when the first detective talks to a rape victim. The victim asks her about a post it on her car which says something along the lines of 'send me'. The detective replies with a Bible verse about god always sending someone to help you and that she wishes him to send her to someone so that she can help them. The second scene that I loved is with the same cop who talks about geographical patterns on earth such as a honeycomb and snowflake and how that can indicate that we all are under institution of higher power. I am not Christian or overly religious but wierdly these scenes moved me. There is also a stark difference between how a rape victim is handled in first episode and then in the second episode which was interesting to see. There were other important issues that were highlighted in the series as well. A happy and highly recommended watch. Though the subject is so terrifying and painful, it was an important story to tell. And yes, women are saying, "next time, do better. . . . Believe Women." Others have already covered everything else I would write, so let me just add that I hope the leads pair up for another series because I loved them both together along with their supporting players. Great job; great series. Absolutely gripping...no cgi, special effects etc ....just a fantastic script, brilliant acting and a totally absorbing story . Watched over 2 days....could not stop watching...! This show is so well done. Especially in the first episode or two it conveys emotions like no other. It puts you in Marie's shoes and makes you feel terrible knowing that a lot of people haven't experienced what she is going through. It shows a progression throughout. It may be a tad slow at a few spots but who cares because it's an amazing telling of a horrific story. The performances from Dever, Weaver, and Collette are outstanding. They all deserve many award nominees. Acting 10/10. Writing 10/10. Production 9/10. Superb entertainment. At first yall made us think the suspect was the cop husband and that would be more sick but those things happen in life. Anyways i just want to say that the show is great i was so concentrated in the cases because i watched it all in one day. The law doesn't always do the right thing or the correct one. Has flaws but like the victim said do they ever learn or will they learn, that is the question. English is not my first language, so please excuse any mistakes. This series is hard to find a single-line header for, it is just that great on so many levels. In times when we let ourselves be entertained by a plethora of superhero and/or doomsday stories, Unbelievable reminds us that we live in a real world, with real human beings and that all it takes for personal doom to enfold is people not caring enough, while all it takes for salvation is someone just actually being a decent person.<br/><br/>Unbelievable sets a gripping example of what film and storytelling can be. Never tacky, not falling into any of the traps one might have expected, it is a series that may very well change you, if you allow it. I can't say more to this aspect, because the entire film in all of its aspects is so well-thought through that any attempt to rate by comment will be a must-fail. If you have a heart, it will touch you. If you think, it will touch you. If you are somehow there, it will be with you.<br/><br/>I have to admit I somehow avoided watching it for a couple of days, because I was a bit afraid of facing it. Take your time, then watch it. Be warned, it is hard to stop. If not for the need of sleep, it would have been a binge. Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever and Danielle Macdonald are giving an outstanding performance, although saying so feels a bit unfair, since really even the side-roles do an amazing job. So much, that I really found that surprising and it will probably make me more critical of shows that don't care about giving the smaller roles proper impact and place to show. Class A cast for probably the most important series of the year. I want to point out Kaitlyn Dever and Danielle Macdonald though. Their performances are so strong, they can move rocks. Watch and you will see what I mean.<br/><br/>All the people who made this and made it possible: you've done a good thing. Really, thanks for reminding what film can be. It is certainly one of the strongest series I've seen, if not the strongest.<br/><br/>Thanks and remember: it is hard being a decent person, making excuses for yourself is easy, but doing right by someone else, is better than having superpowers and doing wrong, is just like destroying the world. This was an intense, thrilling, powerful, brilliant and educational series. Toni Collette and Merrit Wever both deserve an Emmy or Oscar Award for their strong performances! Loved everything about this show. Great cast. Detectives were amazing. Actually everyone was. The treatment of the sexual assault histories was fine, following the cold American police procedural and compliance with the Law, but lacks to convey heart and emotion to the viewer considering the subject. On the other hand, both the two women that play the detectives chasing the rapist excel in their performances. From the entertainment viewpoint it is like you have watched a series with an embedded documentary, I expected something more exciting. I did not want to watch this show because of the subject matter at first. However, I finished watching the first episode and I was hooked. There was so much story to tell with so many supporting characters and Kaitlynn Dever's portrayal of Marie Adler is amazing. The story does not assemble all of the puzzle pieces until episode 3.<br/><br/>The show is perfect at capturing Marie's struggle and what she has to go through to prove she has been raped. The examination a victim has to go through is truly awful and I have only seen it in the third season of Broadchurch. This examination was far more detailed and as a viewer I felt Marie's pain and frustration. There are many other details and circumstances that make her case especially difficult to watch, but there is a perspective to Marie's story that I never considered before.<br/><br/>The circumstances of Marie's as well as other rapes is one of loneliness and isolation. There is methodology to the rapist's attacks and it was even more disturbing to see how he conducted his assaults as time went on.<br/><br/>The show is intense, emotional, and painful to watch on many levels. That being sad, there is a comedic level from the chemistry and partnership of Merrit Weaver and Toni Collette. The police detectives that they play are complete opposites in a lot of ways, but are dedicated to stopping him. The show is almost average until Toni Collette's character comes into play. She has an old car with an amazing sheen of color and has a lot of attitude.<br/><br/>The show is so amazing I am so mad that it is a mine-series. Both Merrit Weaver and Toni Collette play such tough, strong woman and it is so refreshing to see. I do not know if I have ever seen scenes shared between two actresses that were so unique. I have no complaints about this show, it is absolutely amazing! First episode was too hard for me to watch due to graphic content but then sets the rest of the series up so that I could not stop watching until I found out what was the outcome for lead character at the very end of the series.
You could guess this series is created and directed by women in subtle ways which gives a pleasant respite from the cliched "silent heavy-drinking macho cop" type. Its more thoughtful.
No holes in the story/plot, convincing acting, good character development, its got it all wrapped up in 8 episodes.
A riveting cop thriller examinimg extreme voilent crime and how society treats its unfortunate victims. Very clever, more at this standard please Netflix! One of the finest I have seen on Netflix! Netflix has really really raised the bar with this one. The direction, acting, the writing, everything is so ...well just so well synchronised, not once did I feel a note, a scene was out of place. Nothing jarred.
The unfairness of it all, the callousness of the cops is finely balanced by the sensitivity and dogged determination of two other cops who make such an interesting team - the classic gentle, feminine, soft spoken, more "maternal" cop and her foul mouthed, hard as nails partner. But not once did they come across as stereotypical. Both were finely nuanced, their relationship with their spouses was genuine and when the two finally warm up to each other, its a beautiful friendship.
I was very moved by Kaitlyn Dever's performance- so heartrending. She had me in tears. I kept thinking anyone else in Marie's situation would have given up, would have gone insane, but her resilience and courage shone through her brittleness.
The ending was what will stay with me for a long time. Even after the rapist had been caught and sentenced, I kept craving for closure for Marie. I wanted her to meet the two detectives. I guess I kind of hoped Detective Duval would become a foster mother to her. I am so glad nothing of the sort happened! The ending was top notch, beautiful, ever so moving, and so true to both their characters.
For me this was one fo the best series I have seen on Netflix. Bravo Netflix! I'm a big crime nut ever since i was young so naturally i enjoy reading crime stories and try to understand why criminals behave the way they do so you can assume I've read and watched so many documentaries and I love it when I know that a certain event was turned into a movie or a Tv series so naturally I felt curious about this.<br/><br/>Although I wasn't that psyched about -yet another detective show with the same not so well trained acting and over dramatization- this was NOT that al all!<br/><br/>The two leads Karen and grace have great chemistry and so does the rest of the cast! Everyone on that show did a great job and for a second a forgot this was actually acting (something I haven't had the pleasure of in a long time)<br/><br/>This might sound weird to add but detective Karen's voice is so soothing.<br/><br/>Hopefully there will be another season cause we need shoes that are actually good since most of what's out there these days is .. well.. let's just say crap The first episode is a joke. I couldn't even watch the end of it. Is this interesting to people. Making rape seem like a joke? This really pissed me off. I really wanted to see the whole series but after watching 45 minutes of MEN doubting this little girl it made me angry. Not a good show. Will not continue watching. I didn't even think about this woman/feminist thing until I came here and unfortunately read the negative reviews. If THaT is what anyone takes away from this series - then wow, I feel sorry for some people's expectations in terms of quality filmmaking, or in terms that I'd rather not get into here. I didn't have a single thought along those lines while watching this film. The leads are believable and well-fleshed-out. I don't think Collett's role even starts until
110-130minutes-in.<br/><br/>Much like Schwimmer's "Trust", i found the narrative of the original victim, and her circumstances, to be eerily realistic, with an incredible amount on knowledgeable depth and realism on the filmmaker's part. It was, for me, what really took this already well-fashioned drama, To the precipice of greatness.<br/><br/>This series is AmAzInG!!! I had no clue what I was getting into, but I grabbed the Roku remote, looked for the first Netflix rectangle that looked interesting, checked the rating (because so much today is nahsogood, especially on netflix), then hit-play. Bullseye!!<br/><br/>I didn't read the summary, and kinda thought there was a chance I would dose-off. Then I watched all eight episodes glued ooey-blooey to the flatscreen.<br/><br/>The series doesn't gain or lose steam. It starts strong and stays strong. Both leads and their personalities work perfectly. It's a solve-it crime drama with very little action sequences throughout. My action junkie side didn't mind one iota! I was completely engrossed. All the performances throughout are great. If anything is less than perfect, and perhaps the only reason I'm marginally giving this a 9 instead of 10, is that it never caught me by surprise.<br/><br/>Stop reading any further and start this series immediately! BUt, make sure you have 5-6hrs, because you ARE NOT going to want to finish-it later. It's that good.<br/><br/>I'm a movie guy more than a series guy, but found this series to be a perfect length, as to not sacrifice anything in terms of pacing or overall quality.<br/><br/>Are you still here? I hope not. It raised from 8.4 to 8.5 between the time I checked in at noon and got on here to write this at 6pm. I wouldn't be surprised if it climbed a few more points! 92/100<br/><br/>Spectacular!! A great show, excellent actors with a very disappointing last episode. The last episode feels slow and as the directors wanted to, by all means, make the viewers cry. It has not been put well together and the scenes feel like randemly put together. A bit less would have been more. I love crime drama, I would never normally watch one of this particular subject but so glad I did. Truly well written with an incredibly believable and stellar cast.<br/><br/>Winding down to the last episodes were irritating however; she totally turned this around on the police, like it was THIER fault that she lied (but didn't lie) about being raped. Regardless of the trauma she endured she clearly stated that she fabricated the entire thing, how was the detective to know? The lies were entirely her fault to which she deserved no apology, as she so rudely requested (as well as monetary compensation). For lying?<br/><br/>Other than that climactic let down, it was really pretty great. I would love more seasons of this series diving into various criminal cases. I took 1 star away due to the terrible dim lighting, 3 stars went because the story deserved 2-3 hours tops, not 8 episodes, and another star bit the dust because all the males (including the well intentioned) were portrayed as dim and not empathic enough. As gripping as this series was, what completely ruined it for me was the incessant disrespect towards God and Prophet Jesus (peace be upon him). I feel like if those parts were not included or edited out the show would still make for excellent viewing but shame on the writers and team for the blatant display of repeated blasphemy. Since Dexter I never got along another crime series that was so addictive like Unbelievable. And I want to be clear here: I loved Dexter, but unbelievable is way better than Dexter in so many ways!
It shows the long term effects that a rape has on the victims, the additional trauma inflicted by the interrogations and the evidence collecting in hospital, the problems with your personal relationships, your friends and family. In other movies everything is about the act of rape, but here we can see a wider picture. Also the actors and the choice to use practically no music in the scenes makes it seem so real. The plot is based on a true story, and I absolutely love the fact that there seems to be added no nonsense to enhance the drama factor, which is a thing that makes me go nuts when I watch some other crime shows...
Big shout out to the actors and the director, it's absolutely perfect! Awesome! Despite the relatively few people of color on the screen, I was still blown away! Great storytelling. Terrific acting. Good pacing. I didn't want it to end. Other storytellers, even beyond cop dramas could learn something. We didn't need to be titillated. We felt the horror of sexual assault without prolonged, gratuitous nudity. In fact, the only nude shot was not of a victim, but served to humiliate someone else (I"ll not spoil it).<br/><br/>Women were presented--rightfully--as strong, bright, resilient, resourceful, and courageous. Terrific.<br/><br/>Netflix: more please! I came across this by accident on Netflix, and what a find. Brilliantly acted and sensitively written, this is a multilayered tale based on a true story of a serial rapist and the women he attacked, focussing on one young woman, already traumatised by being in the care system for most of her life, who was disbelieved. It is also a police procedural which is a lesson in how police treat rape victims, both positively and negatively. This arrived fairly quietly on the small screen, but I would urge everyone to watch it, it is both shocking and uplifting. The storyline and acting were so good that to throw in the constant f-bombs and blasphemy was just not necessary and did not improve the series. It was good on it's own merits, no need for the Fs and God-disrespect. Once the two female detectives got hold of this crime it was handled competently and thoroughly and with compassion. My heart went out to the youngest victim who had to face so much adversity but must have been a survivor and a very intelligent young lady. This is based on a true story which makes it all the more compelling. I am watching the ratings go up and up as more people view it. The acting by the two women detectives is impressive. They use facial expression and body language as well as their voices to create wonderful characters. I sat up until 2 am to binge watch the whole series. It was like a good book you cannot put down. This is my genre so I loved it. I suspect others will appreciate it as well who normally do not follow police dramas. Across the states of America crime is not collected in one database or enough details for similarities to be picked up. Hopefully, they have fixed this now. It is one country after all. You feel satisfied at the end of the series that justice has been done. Another series would be good using the same team who finally got hold of this crime and never stopped until they solved it. I recommend it to anyone but especially crime buffs. Enlightening and informative by showing things from a woman's point of view. Remarkable cast! I hope more true crime stories are like this. The ending was rather lackluster so I'm not sure I'd have been that impressed anyway, but what thoroughly ruined it for me were the rape survivor's numerous flashbacks being shown on screen, and the rapist at one point being shown completely naked (full frontal) for an extended period. I think I get their intent with both things, but in my opinion, they failed. Definitely not good. To tell you how good this is, I watched the first eight episodes in one sitting - something I have never done before. The last two I watched the next day.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Dever is brilliant. She elicits so much emotion from her performance I was taken aback. Toni Collette is superb, as she always is.<br/><br/>The story is very well written and is a good depiction of how I imagine such a case would be handled. There are no WOW moments where the police are superheros, just good ole police work that kept me interested to see how the investigation proceeded.<br/><br/>The characters are well defined and differentiated, without being stereotypical. The direction is good, but I did have one problem with the overall production - I'm not mysoginistic, but the female writer could have written a couple of better male characters.<br/><br/>Overall, watch and enjoy. Good story, kept me interested. I actually couldn't wait to get home to finish it. Great actors. Unbelievably good Netflix often does a pretty good job with its short run, limited series, mini-series type programs. Its new addition, Unbelievable is another good example of this.<br/><br/>Unbelievable is based on a true story and stars Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, and Merritt Wever. The eight episodes follows two main storylines; the first is the case of a teenager that reports a rape to police and after scrutiny then says she made it all up, the second follows the investigation into a series of rapes in a nearby county.<br/><br/>It's one of those shows that will make you want to yell at your TV. The frustration comes from knowing that this is a true story and that what the various characters go through is based on reality. You can't help but put yourself in their various situations and wonder how you would react. It is a slow moving show, as it should be due to the investigation, and in parts is teeth-grittingly good stuff. All the leads are solid, although at times I thought Collette seemed to be phoning it in a little. Wever was a standout for me, as was Dever, both had scenes that were riveting.<br/><br/>The story and various cases are given the dignity they deserve, and while some of the very brief rape flashbacks might disturb some viewers, it is compelling viewing. This series is interesting and good based on true events this best crime drama series i watched all the episodes in singel day series is best .this series aware to public rape like issue best series STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Morning * Monday Morning<br/><br/>In 2008, Marie Adler (Kaitlyn Dever), a troubled teen who'd spent a childhood growing up in foster homes, reported a sexual assault to local cops. However, her fractured account of events lead to them being unable to have a credible case to go on, leading to her being charged with filing a false report, which destroyed her life. Detective Karen Duvall (Merritt Wever) learns of some other women who've reported similar rapes, and after getting in touch with Detective Grace Rasmussen (Toni Collette) finds the attacker may be operating across state lines to avoid detection.<br/><br/>If filmmakers are becoming increasingly bereft of original ideas, they can always turn to real life for inspiration, often of the less rosy and uplifting kind, such as this dramatization of the harrowing real life ordeal of several women, and in particular a young girl who no one believed and had no one to turn to. As downbeat as the content is, it perversely makes for the most dynamic, gripping viewing, especially if it's credibly written and engagingly performed, and luckily all involved with this production come off marvellously.<br/><br/>As someone who burst onto the scene as the cheery, bouncy Muriel in Muriel's Wedding, Toni Collette is now a long way from that cheery persona, and here is nothing less than magnetizing as a hard faced, no nonsense detective on the hunt for her prey, with strong support from Wever as her equally bullsh!t averse partner, two strong, dynamic female leads in a film showcasing strong females. With that in mind, the standout performance has to be mentioned, in the shape of Dever as the tragic young woman, grinded down after her ordeal and an already hard life by an incompetent system that was meant to protect her.<br/><br/>You like to believe some things can't happen in this tough old world, that some people can't be so alone, that a system can't be so useless and untrustworthy, that there aren't things in place to keep you protected, but more often than not, sadly, people find out the hard way they are. This production solidly depicts one such terrible example. **** As a true crime miniseries, Unbelievable does well in telling the womens' side of things, depicting their trauma, and how they are forced to relive the horrific events over and over.<br/><br/>
Kaitlyn Dever's heartbreaking performance as the vilified Marie will make you desperate for vindication. As a survivor of horrific abuse that ended in a situation very much like Marie's, I was moved by the story. I saw Justice when there was none for me, and it gave me hope. Truly remarkable. Truly awesome series. I didn't PLAN to binge watch, but that's what happened. I was blown away by the performances of all the lead actors. PLEASE do a season two! Unbelievable is probably the best crime drama's I have ever seen. There is great acting and directing. However the heart of the series belongs to Kaitlyn Dever. It is her performance that gives Unbelievable it's heart and seperates the series from other crime dramas. Without Dever's performance Unbelievable is probably a good crime series - but not the very exceptional series that it has become. This was a great series.
I felt Marie's pain throughout all of this!
The detectives were amazing!
Great show! Worth watching. I love shows like this on netflix it is on par with mind hunter and broadchurch don;t miss it. girl who plays lead role is great. Know that it is based on a real
case only makes it more emotional and satisfying. Could not stop watching this. Hard to watch moments of the brutal events that happen to this young woman and others. Very strong acting. Excellent So painful to watch and so so good. Brilliant acting, powerful women and an ending that was very satisfying. Omg. Just wanted say that I'm 1 1/2 episodes in and so far you have hit the nail on the head, with every point. She reports it and every one makes her feel like she's wrong or dont want to believe her. Been there done that, and had repressed it all until watching this show.
People need to stop.... and actually listen to the ones that have the courage to report these things.
Truely think this will/can help some.
Thank you What can I say? I'm a sucker for good thrilling crime series! This one hits the spot. Everyone does an amazing job as actors. Even Mr. Parker, who I hate - but love bc his an amazing actor!<br/><br/>You really need to watch this. Well acted, well written, dialogue was very realistic and not corny or pushed like so many other series on Netflix. Women were NOT exploited, which is so rare on Netflix these days. The rape scenes were not explicit at all and were tastefully, respectfully done. The story line had me hooked from the very first episode. Very rare in TV/movies these days. They also didn't shove it down your throat. Just a very very well done series worth every minute of your time! I will seek out anything done by this writer & director. You gotta watch this!
It's intense it's gripping, that's what true dedication is. A Netflix Original Series - Good, emotional, well made gripping crime drama with 2 female leads. Story wraps up nicely. If you like thrillers with brilliant writing, acting and gripping screenplay, then this one is for you.... The story is one of the saddest things I've seen. Its a shame that this still happens. Kaitlyn Dever is really gonna be the next Jodie Foster at least. Wow! I'm a fan. Really a soul shaker , very nicely decorated and scripted for the cause .
Must watch this eye opener Never lost my interest once... heartbreaking show.
One of the best that i ever saw I didnt even know it was a true story while I watched it and it was already a 10 star to me. Knowing its a true story, i love it even more. Ill be telling everyone I know who says, "what should I watch?" lol Its 3am i have work and i have just finished binging this series. Could not switch it off!! Grips you from the start. Feel emotional that its over, i feel attatched the the cast i wanna see more. The only thing i wish they added in was seeing Marie's family friends response to knowing the truth. Incredible watch deffo recommend to anyone. Found the first episode a little slow but from then on I couldn't stop watching it. It's filled an entire weekend for me. Brilliant This series is a masterpiece. Amazing job from eveyone involved to make this. Acting is top level.Not to be missed this one. I finished in 2 sitting. This show has a lot going for it..right from the performances,the editing,the direction and the story itself.Based on a true story about a girl almost forced to accept that she was not raped(while she was!),the show follows her story along with other threads.Through the investigation the viewer learns a lot about the law enforcement system.Most notably how rape is treated as a decidedly "inferior" crime compared to murders,even while rapes are arguably more heinous since the victim has to live through it & beyond.Similarly,it was shocking to know that a fairly large percentage of the police in the US have domestic violence cases against them.The chemistry of the leads is great & they work very well together.Their personalities are just perfect for the case.The show also manages to touch upon the foster care system & how it probably fails to fulfill it's objectives.Similarly,the whole "counseling" circle is also seen to be more careful about it's own reputation than the victims.This is understandable though & a product of the system we live in.You don't get too far unless you have a clean track record.Thus,your actions get influenced by this desire to keep your record clean even as you become more insensitive in the process.After watching the series I still find it hard to hate the officers who effected that "false statement".They were doing their job and there a lot of variables involved which neither side could've known.Finally,the investigation part is great too.It unfolds like a great novel as the investigators latch on to small clues and work overtime to catch the perpetrator.<br/><br/>"Unbelievable" can be a bit hard to watch at times,but I highly recommend it nonetheless. This series was extremely captivating and emotional. I think it was very well done and definitely one of the best shows I have ever watched. Highly recommend. Unbelievable is one of those shows that sticks with you long after viewing. Honestly though, I probably would not have considered watching it if not for the cast. I was especially intrigued by seeing Kaitlyn Dever in something new since her character on "Justified" years ago. I was a big fan of that show and not only loved her character but just knew that little actress was going to be a star. Also, Merritt Weaver is another actress that stood out to me in previous works.<br/><br/>And speaking of Weaver, she really shines here. All the top actresses do - I mean with Toni Collette you know you are always going to get her best, but all three really dove deep into these characters and came up with something amazing. All three of these ladies are superb here. But in my view, it is Weaver that really stands just a notch above with her performance. Her balance of empathy and professionalism when dealing with these crimes and the victims just moved me to no end.<br/><br/>Anyway, the story is based very heavily on a true story that was presented in a podcast a couple of years ago. I knew nothing about it but was moved to read the transcript of the podcast after binging the series, which adheres closely to people, place and time. You can find this easily by viewing, or maybe you are already familiar, but I'm glad I knew nothing going in and then did research later. The story itself is not really the twisty or unpredictable type, just extremely well produced and directed with multiple performances that will get called out come award season.<br/><br/>It is a tough subject indeed, and there are some quick flash scenes of rape, so I guess it could be triggering for some people. I really felt this coming from my heart: this is a must watch series.
Very believable, engaging, well acted.
The subject is uncomfortable, but it's treated without stereotypes and with respect. 10 out of 10 for me. So hard to watch at times... painful to put myself in Marie's place, wonderfully acted and believable. Only on episode 3 and can't wait to finish!!! I just want to say wow, talk about perfect casting (in the cinematic universe) of a shrink that has actually walked the walk of her client and can really mean it when she says she understands. Acting, writing, directing... pretty much every aspect of this tv show breathes style flawlessly.
You can't help the heart ache you feel for Adler and the excitement for Duvall and Rasmussens screen time, not to mention the subtle brillantness of the dialogue for each character.
Nothing is betrayed, it is authentic and does the real life events justice.
A must watch. Summary: This show has a lot in common with "Chernobyl." It is very powerful but can be tough to watch. As a whole, the characters are the product of the best writing I have ever seen, and the acting is superb. I cannot recommend this show highly enough.<br/><br/>The first episode is very emotional, even brutal to watch at times, but it was also brilliant. However, it was the second episode that hooked me completely. Ten minutes into the second episode, I knew I couldn't stop until the end. I lost some sleep that night.<br/><br/>For me, the greatest achievement was the superbly-crafted characters. With the exception of the criminal, every person in the show behaves rationally from their point of view. To put it another way, even the characters who are horribly negligent, insensitive, or even malicious are TRYING to do the right thing. Their actions make sense if you can look at things from their perspective. Most shows rely on at least some stereotypical characters to further the narrative, such as the corrupt politicians in "Chernobyl." Somehow, "Unbelievable" avoids it. There are no cheap stereotypes or cookie-cutter characters loitering in the background.<br/><br/>I cannot overemphasize how impressed I was with the writing. Every episode is filled with tight storylines and meaningful dialogue that fit the unique personalities of the characters. But the acting in this show should not go unmentioned. Toni Colette was, as usual, phenomenal. But for me, Merritt Wever stole the show. Her performance was mesmerizing. Her performance will stick with me for a very long time.<br/><br/>I could go on and on, but I will stop now. Just don't miss this show, and be sure to go beyond the first episode. Some of my favorite characters make their appearance in the second episode. Just finished the last episode of this series and was blown away by every minute of it!!!<br/><br/>The way it was made truly gave me goosebumps. I would recommend this series to anyone over the age of 16 to watch. Great acting, interesting plot, sensitive topic.<br/><br/>It can be triggering for those who have gone through sexual assault, both males and females, and also triggering for anyone who feels they can't trust those in positions of authority.<br/><br/>it's about having a voice, and realizing each of us has the right to be heard, even the whiners who don't like the movie because they feel feel personally attacked by the subject manner and was it is portrayed.<br/><br/>Interesting how many men see it as an attack on them, based on the comments. As a woman watching it, not even once did I get that impression. I think the men leaving those types of comments are threatened when they see something like this. It's the only explanation I can come up with, because based on the acting alone, there is no reason to give this series a low score. It's an awesome show, but come on guys.. am I the only one who thinks she sounds like Sadness from Inside Out? I can't be the only one. Every time she talks I get more depressed. This series is based on a series of rapes that occurred in Washington and Colorado between 2008 and 2011. The original reporting of the story won a Pulitzer prize. The real "Marie" has seen the Netflix series and felt that they got it right.<br/><br/>It's great to see the essence of this story translated into a captivating miniseries. It was hard to stop watching until I got the end.<br/><br/>Even though the style of storytelling is basically the same that you'll in Lifetime TV movie, it's still very well done. In part this is due to the sense that these events really happen, with little fictional padding, and in part to some great acting by the main cast.<br/><br/>There are a lot of "lessons" that we all can collectively take from this story. It's well worth a watch if the topic interests you. This show has it all. Mystery tied with a lot of emotions. I am a guy, and thinking how good can this show be about rape, and women running the entire show, boy i was stupid to think that. Man, it opened my eyes on how things can get after someone is raped.
The writing, extraordinary acting and production. Kaitlyn Dever should get an Emmy for her acting. This show was the best I've seen in the mystery/drama genre. Thanks Netflix. All the praise I read in the reviews so far is more than deserved. Knowing this happened to real women in the real world made me feel so sad and uncomfortable. Getting confronted with the fact that this is a very real problem and is happening everywhere is almost too painful to watch. I love how all victims portrayed differently, showing that pain doesn't always present itself in the same way. Netflix doesn't always make great movies or shows, but they once again showed that this is what they do best - tell stories that need to be heard. The acting is so incredibly good that you get sucked into this show from the first moment. If you still have to watch the show, do so on a day off. You won't be able to stop. Superbly directed and acted. It's based on a true story n What I liked the most is the way they portrayed that it so wrong to judge ppl from ur limited understanding of reality. Makes u think n empathise. It's just a well balanced, addictive tv show with strong women. As in real life, crimes like these are hard to solve, especially when dealing with smart perpetrators. The process of investigation is so painstakingly slow and emotionally hard for the victims to relive again.<br/><br/>This why the viewer should exercise extra patience as the story progress, otherwise, you'll miss the satisfaction of finding out the truth.<br/><br/>The truth is so hurtful and yet it will set you free. I didn't enjoy the first episode, to be honest. It was too upsetting and slow moving for me. But as soon as I was introduced to the new detectives in Episode 2, I was hooked. And every episode is better than the last. I could not stop watching - I had an early morning meeting the next day but I binged until 3am. It's that good.<br/><br/>The writing, the acting, the pacing, and just how original everything is - it's all excellent. The ending is sublime. Highly recommended if you can handle the harrowing subject matter.<br/><br/>p.s. Merritt Wever's performance is PHENOMENAL. Her character is so captivating and amazing to watch. If she doesn't win an award, I'll be angry. Where do I start! One it's uncomfortable at times. Two it's easily, easily he best show I've seen in years! Netflix are pulling out all the stops at the moment. Outstanding writing, and outstanding acting bravo! I watched the whole series in one night (didn't plan to). It's really gripping and interesting. The characters are ones you care about. It's well worth the watch. Nice ...very good tv series. It is amazing to see such good tv series This series is unlike anything Netflix has created. It truly shows the depth of women coming together to protect one another. The acting is beyond amazing. They couldn't have chosen a better cast to tell the true story. This film which is 'based on a true story' depicts the graphic rape of several women, although they do not show lots of gratuitous nudity. Most of the movie centers around the detectives but also stays with the victims of the horrible assaults to show the ripple effect of such unthinkable violence. Some political clichés, some actors not 100%. And that´s all the minuses this outstanding real life drama get´s from me. Besides that this is one of the best, and most important TV series to watch today.<br/><br/>The acting, directing, editing, music, the believable and so normally human characters with all their faults and flaws in the open as well as their strengths and good sides is what truly sets this show apart from others.<br/><br/>The true story of Marie Adler and the other victims of Marc O'Leary, the real serial rapist named Christopher McCarthy in the show, will grip you from the start and send you on an emotional rollercoaster you wont soon forget.<br/><br/>In short: I thought I was just going to watch the first episode but I´m writing this review after binge-watching all eight and a sleepless night.<br/><br/>I haven´t seen enything that so well reveals the horrors of rape and the hell it´s victims go through since The Accused with Jodie Foster.<br/><br/>I could write a lengthy review about each character and how well they are portrayed by the actors, the excellent camera work, the pace in the storytelling, how well the difficulties af real police work are made apprehensible for the viewer and so on... But just watch.<br/><br/>A MUST WATCH and a solid 9.5 from me.<br/><br/>Unbelievable is unbelievably good...and terrible. Unbelievable<br/><br/>Its the name of the new true crime Netflix investigative series. Story of a teenager named Marie' (portrayed as Marie Adler) who has been sexually assaulted, raped and in an astonishing turn of events later on pressurized to recant her statement, had to admit in an open court and receive punishment for "false allegations " before some years later vindicated as the real perpetrator got apprehended. This years best known limited edition series's has all been dark themed. From Chernobyl or Now they see us and now to this. But I have to admit, this might be the most difficult amongst all of them to watch.<br/><br/>The subject matter might had something to do with it, it's not an easy watch. But it had to be more than that, specially the writing and Kaitlyn Devers phenomenal portrayal of Marie Adler. I'll go on about it later. First I have to say something about the ensemble. So powerful casting all around ! Being guilty of in love with the crime investigation genre to a obsession, I've been waiting for this series since I have watched the trailer. Two lead female detectives might have drove the show, but the central character, the driving force of the series has always been Devers (Justified,Booksmart). The range of emotions or lack of she showed portraying the character was too much to handle. Never too melodramatic never too shallow, just the expression of her throughout has set an underlying tone to the whole show. U wouldn't even remember when you have started to root for her so that at least she could find a modicum of justice in a world that has been so injust to her through her whole life. So many senior actors present and an upcoming young actor stole the whole show ! It was just incredible!<br/><br/>Most of the investigative tv shows from Law&order franchise to NCS or Criminal minds, police procedure has always been the Centre or driving force of the show but here it's different. The human element behind the scene, the empathy or lack of empathy in the work has been shown in a so bright contrast that you have to admit, it's not just another run of the mill investigative show. It's different, it's better, and a definite binge material. Don't miss it. This series is incredible!! So fantastically acted, written, and directed throughout every episode. The subtlety and gentleness used throughout the series is superb. Every scene is important, not a minute of screen time is wasted.<br/><br/>It's achingly heartbreaking, but never maudlin. It depicts the graphic reality of the sexual assaults without ever being exploitative. Truly an amazing achievement.<br/><br/>I don't want to give too much away, but the juxtaposition of the processing scenes are wonderful! In episode 1 you see the processing of a rape victim through the system, and later a rapist is processed through the prison system and the duality is perfectly executed. You feel a sense of justice that he's going through at least SOME of the same indignities she had to suffer through.<br/><br/>Brilliant. Recommended a hundred times over! A must-see series that is based upon an article that first appeared on ProPublica's The Marshall Project article, "An Unbelievable Story of Rape."<br/><br/>Moving, sad, crushing and horrifying, this series has a spectacular cast. Kaitlyn Deaver and Danielle MacDonald are amazing at presenting the dualities of a victim's reactions. I'm not one for writing a review but I felt this show deserved it, this was a gripping series with strong acting.<br/><br/>Although some scenes were hard to watch, it was hopeful that their are decent police out there who follow up investigations. Rape or attempted rape is ignored and swept under the carpet far too often. Really emotional watching this, for me, as someone who also has been raped. The cops that solved theese cases should ge the world. And I'm so sorry for Marie Adler, what she went through. I hope she is happy now I have never felt compelled to write a review until now. I am only three episodes in and this new Netflix series has my 100% attention.
The way the cases were handled so differently and the contrast that exists when someone is believed is enormous.
It also has to be mentioned that it generally seems that women should always interview rape victims due to the seemingly more empathetic nature and general understanding of the depth of the whole invasive process.
Brilliant acting and absolutely compelling story line.
I will be binge watching this all night. What is the name of the actress who plays Marie's therapist? She is not currently listed here in the cast. True story that i am so glad that they put it in a mini series!!
briliant acting and the way of telling the story... just a must watch!!! I won't bore you by repeating all the amazing reviews here. I am glad this is a short series because I would have had to call in sick for as long as it took to binge it. Amazing writing, perfectly cast, excellent character development, and so believable.<br/><br/>Seriously, one of the most satisfying conclusions to any movie or series I have ever watched! Based on a true story, Marie Adler (Kaitlyn Dever) is an 18 year old with a troubled past in the foster system. She reports a brutal rape in a small town in Washington state but after a few minor inconsistencies, the police coerces a lie from her to withdraw her report. Her situation spirals downward as she loses all her friends and she is charged for false reporting. Meanwhile, Colorado police Det. Karen Duvall (Merritt Wever) is investigating a different rape. After discussing it with her husband, she connects with another case being investigated by veteran police Det. Grace Rasmussen (Toni Collette) in a different town.<br/><br/>The true story is very compelling. It's a Netflix 8-part mini-series based on a real investigation. It is essentially divided into two streams. The second stream is the easiest to examine. It's a police procedural with two great actresses, Wever and Collette, leading the way. They're great. The tick tock of the investigation is compelling. It is solid procedural with a bit of style delivered by the leads. The first stream is harder to examine. Dever is a great little actress. Her story is absolutely compelling and not the usual procedural. The problem I had is combining the two and I'm not sure if there is anything to be done. It's a grind to watch her story. It is infuriating and there is only one easy way to connect the two stories. It is frustrating and it's a waiting game as the two story inevitably combine into one. There are some interesting fake outs but the two streams are doing two different things. The Marie story could have been a great character study but it's more like a truly exceptional Lifetime movie due to Kaitlyn Dever. Her rape is never in doubt and the audience is never asked the tough question. Apparently, an acquaintance launched the witch-hunt and that would be interesting to see. It's a repetitive story without the audience's doubt. I would consider doing two separate seasons with this, the first with Marie and the second with the female cops. As for the last episode, it lasts too long. Detective Robert Parker repeats a few character moves and it would be more dramatic to combine some of it. Maybe the show is trying to stick to the true story but it would be more dramatic to replace Parker's visit at the Go-Kart race track with a simple $500 check in the mail. It needs to concentrate the apology to that last encounter. He's essentially doing variations of the apology three times. Overall, this is a really impactful true story with some great acting. The show was very well done. Everything from the writing, acting and camera work was incredible and I highly recommend people to try it out.<br/><br/>Just a warning though, if you are easily affected by scenes of sexual violence due to past trauma, etc you may find the first few episodes really hard to watch. This show just really shows how some rape victims are treated. A young girl persuaded into saying she didn't get raped. I loved the two lady cops and how they were so different but able to work together. Throughout the series, I was wondering if she was really lying. I was also wondering who the serial rapist was. When they said he was a cop I automatically accused some of the cops working on the case or their husbands. Great show Had to create an account just to leave a review because this show was so brilliant. The nuance in the script, depth of the characters and fantastic cast...I watched it all in one day.<br/><br/>Like another reviewer said, my only criticism would be that I'd have liked to see Marie confront the people who didn't believe her at the end. Watching the police guy squirm was pretty satisfying. This is missing from your voyeour menu. As the title indicates it is unbelievable - excuse the pun - the story perfectly weaves through sharp suspense and soft tension punctuated by ( again, pun alert) unbelievable dynamic characters that feel wholeheartedly natural. A layered story based on true events, layered story structure which keeps you hooked in the human nauance of it all: rape, I have often said on here, is rarely approached but once in a whole through a short film or a true original series like Unbelievable it is told with heart and a craft of sophistication you have never seen before, particularly never before from Netflix.
Do yourself a favour and don't waste reading or hearing about it, just dare to dive in - it will not disappoint - in fact you might just like yourself a bit more for darling to watch a bold powerfully dramatised piece of work. Toni Collette, Merritt Weaver, have a discernible taste for good lasting penetratble characters - one to watch, the talent that is Kaitlyn Dever whose performance is magnetic. Highly recommend this series, such a cleverly crafted piece. Sat down to watch an episode, binge watched the series in a day. Compelling procedural show.
The comparison between the detectives approach was masterful. Understated yet powerful.
One of the best series I've watched I binge watched this whole series over 8 hours on a very rainy Saturday! The last episode is so emotional - I cried with such empathy for Maree (Kaitlin Deaver). As an Aussie I especially loved Toni Collette and Danielle McDonald's performance was wonderful. A wonderful series that had me almost in tears. Beautiful performances from all the cast but for me Wever totally had me from her first line. A powerful story told with sensitivity but still enough drama to keep you hooked. This is a must see. If you want to capture real emotion of what victims go through, this is your series! ... Watch this series!! Best I have seen in a long while! Must watch series in Netflix!! Great effort, felt so real and heart touching. The first episode was not so good, but you need to go through all of this till investigation comes. That's the best! This show was excellent. It was powerful and heartbreaking. Well acted and produced. Netflix was spot on with this one. Under a fundamentally conventional structure, aided and orchestrated of the narrative tools of the current manual of the audiovisual fiction scene, and especially of the criminal, it portrays in a simple and effective way the distances between the judicial system and true justice.
Although at times they abuse or make certain narrative clichÃ©s very evident, the main purpose is achieved: to bring and transport the viewer to the experience of a young victim who is sexually abused and, at the expense of an exhausted system and structures, ends up being beaten twice.
The show itself does not propose too much at the level of cinematography or screenplay, and even if it's necessary to highlight that this is based on a work that portrays real events (and being timely, it would be unfair not to point out that), it does not expose enough merits that make it more than the massage, the denunciation, that justify eight redundantly calm chapters; that is to say, that the series, properly as audiovisual narrative work, cannot be more than its circumstance. What would not be entirely bad at any rate, since towards the end it really manages to genuinely transmit the catharsis of the police duo and, above all, a young woman who is finally heard and led by them to a little of light in her life.
Total score: 7.6/10 Long live Netflix. Great show. Totally recommended. Kaitlin Deaver has a big future in front of her. She steals the show here as a young girl who is dealing with a system who doesn't believe her when she is assaulted. Sure, it has the silly Hollyweird agenda stuff where the guy cops are bad and the girl cops and shrink are smart, understanding heroes. Beside that silliness, great movie. Good pacing and well made. Wow it's Really unbelievable , it's a good definition of the fine art , This series make you Angry,cry, overwhelmed mixed emotional consequences before I never felt , I can't going to Revele the story. But the actors given the soul to this story. so what you're waiting for go and Start watching you didn't regret this ... Every once in a while a piece of art will come at the perfect time and be executed perfectly. It would be Unbelievable (sorry had to do it) to review this without taking into consideration 1) The pure storytelling and filmmaking and 2) the relevance to the current time in human history.<br/><br/>If you want to examine this just on its filmmaking merits, this is pretty close to perfection. Each performance, down to the lowliest nurse is right on pitch. It's as if each actor knew exactly where their character was at the time and the filmmakers didn't just shuffle them through. The writing is tight in its structure and its execution. Each scene has theme, character, and plot.<br/><br/>So, there's that.<br/><br/>What makes this a 10 (and an 11 if the amp had that setting) is when this is hitting the Zeitgeist of American culture.<br/><br/>I hate ALL CAPS... But I have to.<br/><br/>EVERYBODY NEEDS TO WATCH THIS SHOW!<br/><br/>This show encapsulates so much of what ails America. We treat lower-income victims as criminals and high-income victims as heroes. Our sacred institutions incentivize employees to "get it over with" and lose the big picture. Just close the case, assume the statistics are right. Get "wins" . Only go after cases your can win. A poor victim is a loser. That's how the system works. Police, prosecutors, and judges care about THEIR jobs. Not the victims. Not the public. They think they do. But enough years on the job. Enough crazy cases. They think they know it all and treat humans like nuts and bolts on an assembly line.<br/><br/>We don't think about these things enough. Maybe we should look at our Prosecutors and judges in elections more closely. Maybe we should care more about our police procedures for those that we call when we need them.<br/><br/>This show has so much to say about public policy without ever actually saying it. It SHOWS the reality of what happens. And we all need to see it. Very good. The casting and delivery was impeccable! Truly amazing written, great cast. Such emotional storyline. This mini series is totally up my alley. Interesting and gripping story, filmed and acted in a very realistic and subtle way. Not slow at all in my opinion. But the details are just done perfectly. From the differences in the way victims are interviewed to how frustrated and hopeless a character must feel with no one to turn to. And yes, a lot of desk work and talking and not a lot of car chases or action. That's real police work.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this very much. Also extra points for it being a mini series, I always like it when shows aren't too long. Simply phenomenal. Some of the best writing and acting I've seen in years. Powerful, thought provoking drama, which deals with such important subject matter. Do yourselves a favor and watch this! I thoroughly enjoyed this hard-to-stop-watching until the end movie! Once again confirming my opinion that 'true story movies' are far better than fiction! The acting was great. Story-line was compelling. Characters were personable and/or endearing. And finally a movie that actually had a happy ending ...that didn't leave you hanging. Christian faith was not ignored or mocked ...without being preachy. My heart went out for the main character in a deeper way than usual. I highly recommend this movie/series to anyone that likes a suspenseful crime drama with a happy ending! One of the best series I have watched in a long time. Sublime cast and great directing. The story is just written perfectly. Usually with police series and movies you see a lot of bs going on with unreal methods, but this is build up really well. Great work! It's a kind of a embarassment to see the stats of the ratings and learn by that that some MEN gave the series a bad rating\review. IT must be because of the victms of the societ and the empowered woman portraied on show, while the male caracters are either support roles or even the bad ones. There's nothing to complain about that, the series just show what really happens in the police stations all over the world: Men doing crap, i mean, not being empathetic enough with women at the point of making huge misjudgments and mistakes Excellent acting & great writing! Unbelievable, is abt a true crime rape story & the first victim was bullied by the cops to the point she recanted & then charged with false reporting. As a survivor of attempted gang rape, I feel for her. Her story is so sad & if it wasn't for the female detectives in another state & other districts collaborating....she would have never seen justice. As I watch it, I can truly feel her terror & shame. While I don't believe in the #metoo movement or feminazi uprising or the women who use lies to hurt men...I feel for the true victims AND survivors of these heinous acts! Possibly one of the best TV shows ever! There is truly nothing to complain about. Great acting by a fairly big cast, suspense, a riveting and believable story, and I could not quit watching! Just Excellent! Great cast! Couldn't stop watching. Every episode was just brilliant, story line, acting just so well made, brought the reality straight to you. It was deep in feeling, Toni Collett was just awesome as usual. Very good caste and acting! Obvious political agenda but how else do you educate people who refuse to be educated. Hoping for a second season with the same detectives. Love the zombie comparision in 7th episode and there are so much going on in this world...rape/ false rape accusation/real rape turned into false...Today we just decide so easily on every single matter...he is rapist she is a victim no accusation till its approved in society but NO, society will called you rapist at the moment someone said so Gripping, series the two detectives are great would love them to have their own series A deeply emotional & triggering series. I literally sobbed throughout the entire 8th episode... What a POWERFULLY written series. Amazing performances done by all! This is a very entertaining piece. Well written story Stupid characters, stupid plot. Just downright boring. No significant plot development until episode 5.. No spoilers, but this show is so good. I wouldn't be surprised if it wins a lot of Emmys! Definitely bingeworthy. Geeeez I wanted to love this.<br/><br/>There were strong indicators that it would happen: compelling true crime story, underdog drama and a stellar cast. In trying to pinpoint the source of my disappointment, I focused on the dialogue and stereotypical characters and story arcs, despite the apparent basis in fact; for example, a bitter, experienced detective is apprehensive about the new person in town, but reluctantly realises that their insight could solve the case. Bottom line: for a 'true' tale, the story beats were disappointingly predictable. Toni Collette - who I will see in ANYTHING - occupies a frustratingly mundane stereotypical detective role.<br/><br/>Despite this (and, again, I believe anything with Colette deserves at least one viewing), the story was engaging and highlights glaring problems with the criminal 'justice' system. How unfathomable - but, obviously, possible - is it that a rape victim The series is great! Absolutely great!! No joking here, I found this series amazing very entertaining. The reason behind me giving this a 5 out of 10 is due to the fact I live in arvada/westminster colorado (right on the border) and this was never on the news as a warning. I feel as though if people were warned that that people could watch out for people. Yes I understand they didnt know who was behind it but, the fact is is that this was happening and the officials behind this did not share a warning with anyone just as it always is. Officials never want to share info thus leaving the rest of us in danger smh so sad to live in a society like this. Great roles filled brilliantly by several of my favorite actors. There was nothing overly written, smarmy or anything other than cutthroat gritty realism.
Thank you. I wasn't going to watch it as I stay away from all the liberal propaganda garbage that Netflix pushes out these days. I decided to try it and I'm glad. It does push just one side of the issue, but the acting is good, it's well written and the content is certainly not inconceivable. Truth is always stranger than fiction....and so, when you show the truth, you need not add masala or hoopla to it, just to make it interesting. It speaks for itself.<br/><br/>Well, the creative team, has perfectly proved it, by creating this wonderful series. Throughout the series, the team has remained unbiased, and showed the events, more or less the way they happened.....it looks like it to me. There was a full chance that some other team would ruin this by adding unnecessary drama to it....instead, here, the entire series moves with its own, slow but firm pace, unfolding the events that leads to a climax, that gives full closure to viewers.<br/><br/>I started watching this on a Saturday morning, and could not get up, until I finished all the episodes. 0300 AM the following morning. This is a different style than what I grew up watching, ie. Bollywood. And I surely liked it.<br/><br/>Netflix has been adding some really wonderful shows and movies in its list, that are sometimes, well, most of the times better than their mainstream counterparts. This one is one of those. The entire series is shouldered by two main actresses.....Kaitlyn Dever and Merritt Wever. It is their series. Toni Collette does a wonderful job. She has played her part so well. In series, her character kind of grooms Merritt Wever's character, like a real senior, and gives her all credits. And in order to look this real, convincing, she had to play her part accordingly. And she does it brilliantly. She has played her part well. Balanced. Muriel, is really beautiful. Hats off, Ms Toni.<br/><br/>Kaitlyn Dever does a perfect job. This young actress has every potential to progress in acting. Her and Wever are surprises....well, at least for me as I don't remember seeing them before. Wever, you might remember as crazy shop girl from The Signs - Mel Gibson. Wever, is the center character of entire series. Main. She leads the series with her natural style. The way she talks to her husband on phone, way she appreciates Tonis' work, the way she peruses white Mazda.... everything looks natural and balanced. 'Max the Knife' is interesting sidebar.<br/><br/>The director/s, writers and entire creative team deserves accolades for this one. Especially, when you are creating a series on sensitive issues like this one, it is very vital to keep the dignity of characters intact. Dignity of victims. More you do it, better the actors are, it will automatically show who the bad guy, or villain is. You ned not add anything from your side. If you're looking for your next "true crime but fiction" fix then do yourself a favour a pencil in some solid binge time for the Netflix Limited Series absolute BANGER called Unbelievable. Best fictionalised true crime focus on tv since Mindhunter.
Brilliant acting from Merritt Wever, Toni Collette and Kaitlyn Dever - gritty, heart wrenching and very believable characterisation. Fantastic script and filmography throughout. Perfectly paced and achingly accurate portrayal of a victim struggling through to the other side of trauma.
Can not recommend it highly enough 10/10 Really excellent true crime drama. Toni Collette, as always, is on top form but it's Merritt Weaver who steals the show. The story is so well told - tense, emotional and thrilling. It's unlikely there'll be a second season so enjoy every minute of this! Amazing and emotional true story that will stay with you That's the takeaway from this. Be very clear that this is hammered home in literally every frame. Which is kind of what you expect from  Netflix. Very intriguing a must see! Some of the negative reviews on here are, yep Unbelievable. Of True Detectives femenil version, but it is also acceptable whit a good trama This is an interesting show but there are consistency flaws everywhere! Detective is in Washington going to pawn shops, and they didn't change the sign on the location to reflect a Washington location rather than the filming location in Santa Clarita. Also when talking to the House mom, another Victim, and there were errors while she was making the biscuits. This series is just an exaggerated version of some movie! A bit boring. There is nothing really unbelievable in the story I swear so don't search for the meaning. Just one time watch if you're too bored. It's a story strangely true about how rapes are dealt with.
I've had a thinking that rapes happen often and are cracked. However, I was horribly wrong.
I do know that they aren't solved by cops irrespective of what state.
In India also 65% of rape cases are/were go unreported.<br/><br/>The story revolves around a teenage girl which trys to get justice but couldn't. She described rapist wearing black all the while. His face is masked. She had men officers. They outrightly denies that rape happens because of her mother.
Then rape happens with some other girl and I don't know how many. A female officers is assigned to it. Notwithstanding, the sequence takes unusual and surreal turns every now and then.<br/><br/>I reckon UNBELIEVABLE could've been cut short.<br/><br/>Chris Mccafferty was the rapist.<br/><br/>The teenage girl which apparently now isn't a one has to go through a series of charges. First she had to lie what happened with her. She then gets an apology from male officers.
Now she lives life happily.<br/><br/>I guess everyone has to watch this. I was very interested in this because of it being based on a true story. I really wanted to like it, but it was slow moving and story drug out too long. Honestly this could've been made into a two hour movie on lifetime. And it seemed like a lifetime movie.<br/><br/>There's some good real talent, and mostly good cast. The girl who played Marie was great and convincing. I like Toni Collette and I felt that she did a great job too. But I just wasn't convinced by Merritt Weaver's character. I found her very mundane, trying too hard, and there's no emotion whatsoever in her voice. Her voice became irritating because of how monotone it is, anytime she'd drone on and on, I'd fast forward to another scene. Her tough cop act was painful to watch. Ugh! I don't feel she was a good character choice. A few other characters were also odd and didn't fit.<br/><br/>Like I was saying I really wanted to like this, but character choices and the slow pace made it difficult. Marie's story was what pulled me through to the last episode. I found my self skipping a lot of scenes along the way. A lot of the character development just had dead ends, and didn't really do much for the story, and - you know.. develop the characters. A six part series would have been sufficient.<br/><br/>Positives:
<ul><li>Kaitlyn Dever and Toni Collette's performances were stellar. Dale Dickey is always a delight. I also found myself quite enjoying Danielle Macdonald's performance. Haven't seen her in anything prior, but she really delivered.</li><li>Storyline was also good, but editing was needed.</li></ul><br/><br/>Negatives:
-Merrit Weaver. Gosh, she was not the right person for this role. I understand her character is supposed to be an empathetic, moral driven hero. But I could not get over her weird demeanor when being "tough" with the people around her. Some scenes, I really cringed at her overplaying the lines. I noticed this especially in the dialogues with with Toni Collette. She'd be better off running an ASMR channel on youtube. I will say however, that her character would have been a lot more believable if she was taken less seriously by her male colleagues. That would have made a lot more sense given her motivations and her wispy voice.
<ul><li>The script. The thing that annoyed me the most, was being spoon-fed statistics of injustice against women in the U.S. I already knew all that. And the characters the Wikipedia citations were being explained to, certainly should know them too. A female investigator of rape cases should already know this information!</li></ul>Another thing that seemed off, was the police work, and how the different investigators and police addressed and acted around each other. I don't have any experience with this kind of work myself, but I found it clear that the writer didn't either.<br/><br/>All in all: the show was OK. I like that it's bringing awareness to the subject matter, but it could have done it a lot better. Actually I didn't get it . the plot twist was too obvious at the end that Marie was raped but why didn't she said that and gave up on her right to be a victim she told the cops that she faked all of this and no they haven't been pushing on here so she did that completelly by her own will it doesn't make any sense I kept waiting for an explanation but there wasn't .<br/><br/>Despite that I really liked every second of this series as I'm fond of police and detective shows both main characters were amazing actually now I became a fan of the beautiful meritt weaver. I don't understand why everybody bashes the male detectives in this story. First, the foster mother told them that she thinks the story was made up, and the evidence supported that. Then when they question Marie SHE WRITES A STATEMENT THAT IT WAS MADE UP. I mean for God's sake she should have just said, "Yes it happened." and the case would have continued.
Furthermore Marie was very annoying, I hated the character.
The story was interesting, but the series made me angry so many times. The lead female detectives were also annoying as hell. A brilliant idea for a mini series adaptation, and a nice use of the parallel time frames, but once again Netflix has failed to hit the mark with its script and style.<br/><br/>For me there is too much emphasis on the 2011 Detectives instead of the victim(s). This would absolutely work if the characters and relationship between them both were better written, but it's just boring, easy, 'I'm an emotionless character, sorry for being an emotionless person, resolve' character arcs.<br/><br/>Marie's story is what we're all really interested in, and there's no point trying to cover that up with a few laughs here-and-there for the sake of filling the 8 episodes. The series starts off quite well and has moments of quality throughout, but they are too few and far between, with the climax of the events feeling too celebratory, rather than pure relief.<br/><br/>A good effort and obviously an important story to be told in this format, but for me does not quite do it justice. Great series based on true life events. Definitely a must see. Amazing show- very realistic as in it shows exactly what a victim of assault has to go through after. It really brings to light a lot that goes on and would definitely recommend watching if you are old enough to understand these things. An electrifying story about a serial . The first 3 episodes start slow, in which the first time I watched it I stopped. I gave it a second chance and don't regret watching it at all. The script is excellent and so is the acting. The story line is gripping as it continues leaving you on the edge of your seat, wanting to know more. Once you get over the first few episodes, get ready to start binge watching the series. You will want to know what happens next. As someone that is not a fan of police shows, this one got me here commenting and recommending to watch it, and saying that it's not a waist of time. Overall a great serie ... well acting , a unbelievable story This mini-serie is not bad at all, but was be a lot better if they would have done a 2 hour movie, cause have a lot of episode that don't have not do tell, the investigation is too much boring, I don't need to see Toni Collette frustrating and failing an entire episode, I don't need see Marie suffering and making stupid decisions all the time, if they show she doing bad decisions because of the trauma 2 or 4 times I will already understand it. We don't have anything until the latest episodes. They wanted to show more about the victims side, but it's not strong enough to move the series. It is a story that makes you feel good at the end, considering what it is about. Loved the two lead detectives and Marie and the Psychiatrist and even the original detective in Marie's case. It felt so complete. "Unbelievable" was one of the most tangible stories in my life as a woman living in a society filled with hostility and the unsafe treatment of the female race. I received this mini series to be intensely realistic and the actors truly gave it their best in portraying their emotions. This is my first ever review on IMDB. I just feel this story is so great, it deserves as many good reviews as it can, and not only because the topic is so important but also because it was so beautifully filmed. The plot is outstanding, it keeps you agitated and emotional the whole time. Believe me, you will watch it in one breath. The main characters, two women detectives, are examples of how to be a professional on your job. Their charisma, actions, behaviours and dialogue is what makes this series stand out from many others. Don't waste time reading the reviews, just go and start watching! So this is my first review, and not for the wrong reasons.
A great series from start to finish. I was on the edge of my seat throughout the entire series. The story is original and realistic. Every scene felt necessary. Actors are very convincing and real. One of the best series I've seen in years. Well done! Starring, produced, written, and directed by females, this show knocks it out of the park. And to be clear, it won't ONLY appeal to women. My husband loved it too. It's a crime/mystery/drama with lots of twists and turns, fantastic performances, and an emotional storyline. After you watch the series, you'll want to read about the real story behind it (and yes, they followed the it very, very closely). MORE TV LIKE THIS, PLEASE! "Unbelievable" is without a doubt a strong and tense drama that unfolds with twist and mystery and new discoveries as each episode passes. The scene are blunt and raw as it deals with the tough sensitive matter of serial rape cases. The investigation is deep and strong with the typical evidence of "DNA", technology, and new methods of investigative work. The chemistry and acting is strong from Dever, Collette, and Wever.<br/><br/>Based on real headlines the series follows the supposed attack and rape of one foster kid in Washington state named Marie(Kaitlyn Dever) only out of fear and shame she doubts this ever happened. Now fast forward to a few years later in Colorado two detectives Grace(Toni Collette) and Karen(Meritt Wever) from local but different departments are dealing with their own unsolved attacks and rapes from a serial type offender. Things change and twist with each discover and new investigative leads only all of this connects up for all involved in both states. Overall excellent investigative crime drama that felt close to real headline cases, the series really had blunt and brash realistic points of view that glued me to it. Just signed up to rate this show. Amazing show with an important message. Loved this mini series. Wish they would make this a full series and continue with Marie's life and the detectives simultaneously. I don't need to say much about this limited series, based on true events -- it is ALL put together EXTREMELY well and portrayed brilliantly by everyone involved. That poor kid, having to go through that BLATANT mistreatment by the two law enforcement detectives. That whole ordeal left me enraged. I also felt gutted for the little girl having to deal with all of that pain ALONE. All of this actually happened, which makes this all the more appalling.
I understand why this series has received so much critical acclaim, it is a well-rounded masterpiece. I was GRIPPED, from start to finish. Kaitlyn Dever played her part masterfully. Still blown away. This series had it all - the "catch the guy who did it" totally gripping plot, and the all the drama you can expect from such a strong themed story. The actress playing the main victim, Marie Adler gave a truly stunning performance - like if this was a movie, she should be nominated for the Oscars. The sadness, the anger, the desparation, it was all there. Same for the actress playing detective Duval. Such a sweet, soft spoken lady, yet absolutely determined to catch the rapist. Like she was mesmerising. I loved watching her. But what I loved about the series is how realistic it portrayed the emotions and the thoughts of the characters that took the wrong decisions, the non-believers. The series studied their thoughts without pointing at them with the finger, without being biased. I understood everyone's reactions. It was strong, yet not graphic. It did not emphasize in the violence. It was a tribute to the victims and the police offers that were truly dedicated in catching the rapist. Do not miss it. Its a hidden gem. Not sure why its not that well known. Its totally binge worthy.
Superb acting, great character buildup and gripping story. It has all. Great acting, sad story line, perfect ending. Another series carried by a strong women lead. This mini series exposes the trauma of rape victims through snippets of their lives. This also involves the police force, justice department, social workers, family and friends by concentrating on particularly one rape victim, Marie (based on a true story) and how social fabric around here disintegrates and she is thrown off course. How the people supposed to protect her failed her, her lost confidence which was little to start with. She regained her life back through the hard incessant work of two female detectives (amazingly portrayed by Toni Collette and Merritt Wever ) who are not actually the best of friends and each have issues of their own
This mini series felt raw, honest and poignant without over dramatization, pounding music, car chases and anything loud enough to pump up the senses. What we end up with is a story of empathy that changes the way one looks at this victim Any fan of gritty, true crime, police procedural shows will enjoy this short series. The characters and story are compelling. The story really shows the benefit of a well-conducted police investigation on rape victims, and the consequences of a poorly conducted police investigation on rape victims. Similar to "The Wire" and "Big Little Lies", its a crime series which probes in to the genre almost academically. It seems very accurate and covers alot of ground in regards to this specific area of crime. Both from the victims side and law enforcement. Its still a feel good story with a happy ending, but it doesnt shy away from highlighting some of the faults in the system, and how victims are often let down, and, perpetrators often escape, especially with rape cases. I felt that was its strength and the honest portrayal of how these events unfold amde it a 10 star series. Toni Collette I really enjoyed watching bring much needed humour to the series, with here dry sarcasm and often indifference to the job. This film is brilliantly made with a great plot and brilliant actors. If you can stomach the leftist ideology sandwiched inside it you will think this is one of the best series you have seen in years. However, if you don't appreciate the characterization of white males as rapists you will find this a bitter pill to swallow. All the good guys in the series are either women (any color) or black men. The bad guys are all white males. The only two good white males in the series are the submissive and doting husbands who utterly support their wives career as cops. So if you are sensitive to such characterizations do not watch this film. Otherwise, go ahead. You will not regret it. I get the hype about this show. It is edited and made so well, you cant stop your self from binge watching. The pace through the episodes is slow and when it finally gets really going, they roll the end credits which always, always comes as a surprise. This makes you helpless to watching the next episode almost immediately. It is an impactful show that is delivered in slow punches, very unlike the fast paced detective shows out there. Character development is top notch here. All the three female leads have done a great job in this show. Worth watching.<br/><br/>7.5/10 It's a good show. The actors and actresses are very talented.
But the make up for Toni Collette was way off...her foundation made her look green... Did Wanneta Gibson, Crystal Mangum, Dorothy Skaggs, Nikki YoVino, Joanie Faircloth, Brock Turner, and Tawana Brawley advise on this Mini-Series? Every 34 minutes a caucasian woman is raped by a African American. 1% of the male African American population in the United States is a Registered Sex Offender. 8% of all rape Accusations are made up
Making false rape Accusations are a serious problem in today's society. Accusing a man or woman of rape is just as terrifying and degrading.
Wanneta Gibson;Brian Banks was a promising football until he was falsely. He spent 26 years in prison while the female walked the streets potentially planning her next false rape Accusations.Crystal Mangum; We all remember The Duke Lacrosse team being falsely accused. The media was hellbent demonizing these young men. Their lives were destroyed by a woman lying to seek financial gain a celebrity. Tawana Browley;Al Sharpton used a false rape accusation for his own publicity and financial gain. Dorothy Skaggs, Nikki YoVino, Joanie Faircloth, Brock Turner, and millions more women have made false rape Accusations that led to the accusers being incarcerated, destroyed lives, destroyed careers, and even taking their own lives. This series echoes today's "Guilty Until Proven Innocent" narrative. If our society continues on this destruction of our Justice System, you will see more and more false rape Accusations. As a Wife and Mother with NO Y Chromosomes, I fear for my husband and 3 mixed sons who have the Y Chromosomes, that another woman will make false accusations against them. This constant attack on males must stop. Equality does not mean more than the other.<br/><br/>Another Review from A Woman of Colour. I watched this a few days ago but honestly, this series was so powerful and so well acted on Marie's life as well as the other survivors who were also tragically involved in the case too. It was really good to see two female cops who did a tremendous job in getting the bad guy than the two old guys detectives. Seriously the guys who dealt with Marie first were literally disgusting pieces of rubbish for sweeping Marie's assault case under the carpet. It really makes your blood boil and like I would have loved to have seen them get their sorry asses fired. Unfortunately in real life, there are still cops out there who shouldn't be cops in the first place.<br/><br/>I would advice anyone planning to watch this that it is very heavy stuff so do not watch this if this is going to be way too hard for you to deal with.<br/><br/>Well done to the actors and actresses involved, all were very very spectacular in their performances! I created an imdb account just so i can give an honest review.
I just binged the whole series in one sitting. I could not stop watching.... There was laughter, intensity and tears. I felt it. Honestly the best thing on netflix.
The acting was impeccable, real and beautifu. A+. 42 women of no colour are raped by a male of colour every day. That's every 34 minutes. EVERY 34 MINUTES. In prison males of no colour are raped by males of colour at an even higher rate. 1% of all males of colour are Registered Sex Offenders, that's 1% of the 13% of colour that makes up the population in America.<br/><br/>Fourteen years have passed since a woman falsely accused three Duke University lacrosse players of rape. The claim led to a months-long media frenzy and spurred national outrage at the alleged crime of the young defendants.<br/><br/>Every outlet under the sun was willing to believe wholeheartedly the story that district attorney, Mike Nifong, was propagating and took it as fact that the three white Duke students viciously raped a black woman.<br/><br/>Since that time, America learned that the story was completely bogus. Authorities zealously pursued it because one district attorney thought it would help him get re-elected. (Note: it actually did.)<br/><br/>ESPN aired a documentary on the event which castigated its media compatriots - while excluding itself - who bought into the insidious lie and exposed how unthinking outrage forever ruined the lives of three innocent young men.<br/><br/>Looking back at the affair naturally begs the question: Did we learn anything from this particular rape hoax?<br/><br/>The answer is one big hell no.<br/><br/>Over the last few years the media has fallen for a host of stories that turned out to be completely different than what was originally reported. Throughout 2012 and 2013, we had the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. The initial narrative was one of cold-blooded murder perpetuated by a man with hate in his heart against an innocent black child. Eventually, it turned out the gunman shot Martin in self-defense after having his head repeatedly bashed to the pavement by the 17-year-old.<br/><br/>In 2014, we had two big lies dominate the news cycle: the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri and the University of Virginia gang rape hoax.<br/><br/>For months, the mainstream media spread the false notion Brown had his hands up and was not a threat when he was fatally shot. The "hands up" story helped fuel the riots that tore up Ferguson and inspired the creation of the Black Lives Matter movement. Even after the shooter, Officer Darren Wilson, was cleared of any wrong-doing by the St. Louis County district attorney, there were still a large number of liberals who still pushed the idea Brown was murdered without justification.<br/><br/>Later on, Eric Holder's Department of Justice confirmed what local authorities had already determined, and the "hands up" narrative went down the memory hole.<br/><br/>Right around the time the riots were dying out in Missouri, Rolling Stone published "A Rape on Campus." This depicted a brutal gang rape that supposedly done by members of a University of Virginia fraternity. Dozens of articles were written about how the story showcased the horrific rape culture lurking within American higher education and UVA suspended its entire fraternity system.<br/><br/>However, the story turned out to be an eerie replication of the Duke lacrosse hoax as the "gang rape" turned out to be a twisted fantasy concocted by a demented young woman.<br/><br/>If there's anything we "learned" from the Duke lacrosse case, it's that powerful figures and institutions in our society will blindly believe and promote outright lies if they fit a certain narrative.<br/><br/>Liberals want to believe rich white kids get away with horrific crimes, particularly against minorities, because of their skin color and wealth - that's why they bought the deranged woman's tale of three Blue Devils sexually assaulting her. Liberals want to believe cops routinely brutalize innocent black youth without repercussion - that's why they continued to tell us Michael Brown had his hands up. Liberals want to believe there's a widely-ignored campus rape culture that gives license to frat boys to sadistically rape co-eds - that's why Rolling Stone published a massive disgrace to proper journalism.<br/><br/>Ten years after Duke, our anointed guardians of truth are as willing as ever to buy lies that conform to their political prejudices.<br/><br/>
Another Review From a Woman of Colour. This is my first Imdb review. just wanted to say to anyone out there reluctant about watching this show, please go ahead. This show is not a waste of time. This reminded me of True Detective Season 1 with Harrelson and McConnaughey. Same slow, boring parts at times, but the story grips you. Ended up bingeing the whole series til 3am. Great quality throughout: acting, writing, directing. Although there are scenes that are unnecessary and felt like fillers, this is one solid show. Very relevant for today, and for those who complain about the show's "wokeness", don't watch it then! I binged this entire show and went through so many emotions during the episodes: Anger, disgust (mostly with the male policemen), sadness and finally a little bit of vindication. Sure, it's dramatized and the contrast between the officers who don't believe the rape victim and those who do are made as big as possible, but I think everyone can recognize the feelings and hopelessness the victim goes trough. It's an important show that asks a lot of important questions, such as: Why would anyone lie about being raped? And for those thinking "it's not like this in real life", the show is - unfortunately - based on real events. Everyone should watch this show! The best series I ve seen in a long time. Excellent. Acting is superb. Characters are well developed. Amazing details. I binged watched the 8 episodes in one day. Series is so good. Congratulations to the cast, crew and Netflix. A database is only as good as the data entered. It's true people normally believe if a car is stolen or a robbery has been committed but when it comes to sexual assualt the victim is often assaulted again by the system designed to protect. This was a really thought provoking series, which highlights the flaws in the system when it comes to victims reporting assault and rape. The two Detectives (Merritt Weaver and Toni Collette) and their supporting team were resilient in their pursuant of justice yet sensitive to the plight of the victims. It was a well acted series and worth watching. I spaced out when I watched the first episode, one of the most emotional stories I've ever seen, the acting and the screen writing did justice to the story and projected it in the most respectful way possible, I really recommend watching it, no regrets. I'm absolutely speechless after watching this show (which I binged in 2 days flat). The producing, the directing, the performances from these actors and actresses was absolutely outstanding...and the story itself was brilliant. Thank you, Netflix for finally giving a voice to the forgotten and the unbelieved in our society. While this show is fictional, the story it portrays is far from impossible - as a woman myself, it's a daily struggle to make sure I, as well as my female friends and family, are kept safe and not silenced. This is a scary time in America for women and it's shows like this one that shed light on how silencing our society can be to those that need to be heard the most. A must watch.<br/><br/>EDIT: I recently learned that this show is not fictional and is based upon a true story. Even more heartbreaking. There are 2 related stories being told. 1 about a young woman who is raped but no-one believes her. 2 the apprehension of a serial rapist.
Episodes 2 thru 7 focus primarily on the detective work to find the perpetrator. These were fascinating and take the viewer on a roller-coaster ride of fine trails that sometimes lead to dead ends, but ultimately lead to the bad guy.
Episode 1 introduces us to an troubled young girl. Her chaotic life appears frequently in parallel to the investigation, in episodes 2-7. Ultimately the 2 stories are joined in episode 8 where the primary detective finally gets to speak to the young woman.
The acting is brilliant throughout. The characters very believable. I just wish that less time was spent on this 1 victim, when solving the case was much more interseting than detailing the life of someone who had a messed up childhood.
The last episode (#8) stretched my believability. It seemed too manufactured in order to give the viewer closure, and I must admit some sympathy towards the local detectives who were made out to be the 'real' bad guys.
To summarize - episode 1 is slow, but it picks up in episode 2 on a totally different track, which steam rollers along a highly engaging storyline. Once they have the bad guy in jail there's not much else to see in the last episode. I watched this and I'm gonna watch it again and again and again until you come out with a season 2+. This is the best series I have ever watched. These two actresses together were simply awesome. I'm begging for more. This mini-series was so well done. The story makes you uncomfortable and left feeling sick and the actors should get a standing ovation! Finally a good series worth binging. What a beautiful production, just finished up the 8 episodes and was glued to my TV completely absorbed by this Netflix series.
An amazing acting, sequences of the scenes are well done, you stay focused on the investigation all the way, can't say more than this, just I loved it.
If you haven't watched yet don't wait just go for it .
Bravo, well done. I've never felt the need to publicly review any film or tv show before, but I had to for Unbelievable.
There is an endless list of what is great about this series, but above all, how every scene, character, and word in this series signifies what to do and what not to do regarding a rape crisis is phenomenal. I think the stark, depressing, and realistic contrasts of reactions to and treatment of the rape victims by police officers, friends, guardians, the public, is not only enlightening, it is instructive. It shows us everything wrong with the justice system and societal attitudes regarding rape, rape victims and rape prosecution, and then DEMONSTRATES how we can do better. It shows us the failings, even if they had good-intentions, of people just like us. I think it demonstrates how important compassion is.
It was a brutal watch, but I have a hard time recalling any other tv show so cathartic. Superb acting, especially by the 2 lead lady detectives ... Gripping storyline... utterly binge worthy! Brilliantly plotted with a sensitive script and fantastic dialogues. Reminds me of Trapped Season 1 (although the flavor and context are very different. Go for it! I cried my heart out after the finish of series. It is so interesting. I have never written a review, just had to for this one. amazing Story, amazing acting i couldnt stop watching and finished the whole thing in a day. so if you got things to do maybe start over the weekend or something :) This show was really really good! It's so sad to see what the victim's go through from their assailants and then the police! No doubt the amazing performances by the actors in this show will sweep next years award shows.<br/><br/>Not an easy show to watch due to the content- the first episode is challenging to get through (due to excellent writing and amazing performances with tragic content). But you become involved with the story and as the other leading characters are introduced it becomes increasingly captivating.<br/><br/>Keep going. Well worth it! Couldn't stop watching it. Great acting. Recommend this to anyone. So sad it's true Great show from the beginning till the end
I recommend to everyone Straight 10! Great cast, kept me on the edge of my seat. Watched the whole series in two days. Highly recommend I loves it. Knew just about everyone in the main cast from other projects and their acting is excellent and is the writing. I liked the way the director let things happen without words but were still a conversation. This is absolutely #BingeWorthy Had to binge it, made me stay awake all night. You'll definitely feel emotional and I'll be damned if it doesn't get awarded. Unique. Very unique. It makes you scream from aching and from feeling sorry for the victims. To show how banal is evil and how good is there to prevail.
Hopefully all victims will find a small light to carry on and make this light bigger and bigger. I loved the portrayal of the different point of views and it brought up debate at home. Good job!
Btw, ToÃ±i Collette is amazing! I never expected to see such a moving mini series until now. This is a kick to the gut and a whack on the side of the head. I'm telling my family and friends to watch it. A topic which we cannot ignore. The acting was dead on in providing the effective impact required and the suspense was unbearable. Watch it! I started watching and didn't stop until the end. I was hooked from the beginning, the performances were great.The young lady performing Marie Adler was just so good I wanted to hold her and make her feel better.
Definitely recommend it. Outstanding job on every level.. Great cast, extemely well directed. Real Masterpiece. Just wow! Highly recommended. I think this should be watched by every police officer or social worker to prevent them to make the same mistakes. My conpliments to the actors, writers actually the whole team. It should win awards! This brand new series delivered the issue of raping and the importance of believing in sexual assaults-victims. the story is well-written, well-delivered and the performance of each casts is amazing!! I can really feel real emotions while watching it. On my way back from Tokyo to Mumbai, I binge watched on the flight! Based on the true story, it's an amazing tale of a girl caught between lies and the system. The serial rapists who's almost uncaughtable goes on the hound on women of all the ages. The storyline, the direction, the acting, scripting, depiction is all same as its title - unbelievable! This show is good.
It basically takes 2 lines from the start of episode one
Line 1: It talkes about Marie Adler and her rapist
Line 2: It talkes about two detectives who investigates about a serial rapist.
So far so good. Line 2 actually makes a good story and makes you feel thats there is justice in this world. But line 1 is the opposite and im talking about the real life here
So basically an 18 old orphan young girl who lives alone was raped. She calls the police and after 2 days they force her to change her story and force her to be a liar in the eyes of the people. You think that after they arrest the rapist that they will do good for her . But nah, she had to go to the law to gust get a 150k like it's something for the state! I actually feel sorry for this young women and i hope thet where ever she is right now is good and happy. Totally excellent. On the edge of your seat throughout the series. 1 word...powerful. Very, very powerful. I don't want to come by as someone who doesn't emphatize. I really do. A lot of thought went into this one. This is one beautifully-scripted series which is powerful at both being a crime procedural and at trying to describe the tremendous pain these victims have to endure, pain they have to relive multiple times, and you begin to wonder - How come the law works like this? Does it need to change? I vote for change. Every actor is at the top of their game, but Kaitlyn Dever deserves a special mention, for portraying the distraught girl, the girl in pain, the girl confused at the troubles people throw at her everyday, the girl whose innocence just shines through. And she is just perfect. Kudos to people responsible for casting. Spot on people. Very hard to see this history, but necessary. Great acting, great direction, great serie. Congratulations Netflix. Well done. The acting , the casting, the story, the filmography, everything was perfect.
Merritt Wever, Toni Collette and Kailyn Dever are incredible. But it doesn't stop there. Literally there is no one who fails to give an outstanding performance.<br/><br/>In addition, it is also fascinating to watch the detectives in action. For some reason it seemed so much more real than any other cop shows I've seen. It is wonderful story of loss and hope. I cried a lot and felt powerless as Marie was abused again and again. But these strong characters, these very credible women characters, take you to different levels of sadness, joy, hope and triumph. Don't miss it Nicely storytelling worth seeing without minutes of unnecessary dialogue If you're someone that's come from a very unstable and neglectful background, this is a painful episode (episode 1)
I've only seen episode one, and I felt like this very easily could have been me. I understand the police and their methods, I don't really see them as the bad guys either, they're not trying to hurt the victim, they're just doing their job to the best of their ability. If anything, I felt immensely sad that there weren't more options for the victim off the bat to not only help her, but them understand too what was actually going on in her head, and that they didn't have the resources to offer such (ie. Counselling, psychiatrist assessment). I'm only up to episode 2, so maybe this will be explored more.
The way her foster parents downplayed her reactions, my goodness. Shattering. Really shows the flaws in children's protective services. There isn't enough support to teach them how to understand children outside of their own experiences.
Regardless, this has me hooked with every emotion attached and I will be looking into this story in my own time once I've finished. Amazing acting, and wonderful script, great dialogue and very good screen play. Solid 9 and possibly a 10 by the end. Toni Collette and Merritt Weaver got to love this women. Indeed great writing.
I would watch it again it's that good. The writing, acting, editing are all top quality. I wish there were enough series of this caliber to see one every week. There is an honesty in how the characters are developed, and interact with the events, that makes it believable and intriguing. It's not as complex as most crime dramas try to be, and the resolution isn't overly suspenseful, but the direct, intimate nature of the film engages the viewer completely. I'll be watching it again, which I only do when the experience has been rich throughout. I love that there were likeable and strong male characters in it. Not the one-dimensional stuff you usually get regarding this topic. The story is horrifying and captivating. The acting is superb. Always loved series based on a true story, but this truly was maybe the best series I've ever seen. Everything was spot on. I'll remember this for a long, long time. This show is like the HBO show True Detective.
A well written and well acted crime serie.
The leading detectives are true and real and the victims show us what good acting is.
Do not miss this show if You like thrilling detectives. Absolutely fantastic direction and the roles played by the detective is so damn good.
The one who played Duvall did an amazing job.<br/><br/>I loved it.
Must watch.<br/><br/>Hard to understand netflix as they bring out shows like this and then they produce crap like I-Lans. This is one of the best mini series i have seen. The performance of the whole cast and execution was brilliant.. The end was so satisfying. It rarely happens that i am so moved by a show or so connected to the characters. I hope it gets more and more attention. Highly recommended. This quote I thought of right after watching this incredible show. Very well written and acted. An actually masterpiece. You will not regret watching this. Stunning performances all around! Merritt Wever blew me away! Her performance was phenomenal! This series was absolutely incredible and one I will be sharing with others to watch. I can be quite short about this series. Its title really represents my feeling about what happened to the main character and the way she was treated by all the institutions she had to deal with: unbelievable. The way the two female detectives handled the case and solved it: unbelievable. The acting by Kaitlyn Dever: unbelievable. Also Merritt Wever and Toni Collette did a great job. As a whole this series was really convincing and nothing was over the top. I can only fully recommend it (but not to those who expect an action based crime series). This mini series is absolutely brilliant. If you're a true crime fan...this is an absolute must watch. Programming of vast importance that has its finger firmly on the pulse of today's societal fears and concerns. Toni Collette as always is brilliant as are newcomers Kaitlyn Dever and Merrit Wever. But this is more than just entertainment. It's a forensic study into the too often ignored, worst kept secret, that women are viewed as prey to some men in this world.<br/><br/>The thread that runs through the series is that of Marie. A young and troubled girl who is assaulted but subsequently forced into retracting her statement by dubious and inept male police officers. She's then charged with false reporting and is told she is facing jail time. She loses her friends, her job, her home and her sanity. Expertly portrayed by Dever, we get a real sense of what it is to watch someone's life truly fall apart due to being shamefully let down by the system that is supposed to protect them.<br/><br/>3 years later, 2 detectives discover a tenuous link between two cases they are working on in different districts that opens up the possibility that they are dealing with a dangerous, serial rapist.<br/><br/>It doesn't surprise me that this show is written and directed by a woman, Susannah Grant. I'll certainly be looking out for more of her work.<br/><br/>Ultimately, as unwatchable as elements of this are, you have to watch it anyway. It's a brutal study of insidious male aggression and dominance and it's lifetime lasting effects it can have on its victims. There are of course good men in this series as of course there are good men in the world. But if watching this doesn't lead you check your windows and doors a little more carefully or hug your girlfriend a little tighter in bed or check in with loved female relatives then I don't know what to tell you.<br/><br/>Absolutely stunning, viscerally effective. Netflix has produced a genuine award winning piece of programming here. Must watch.<br/><br/>10/10 I don't usually watch crime dramas as they are often very slow in pace and full of clichÃ©s, however this TV series was well paced and the two lead females were excellent in their roles, there was a couple of cliche things but not as much as other crime dramas, it was nice to watch the show and not guess who was the bad guy, in this case a serial rapist. I binge watched the whole lot in one day and I hope it gets some attention during tv awards season.... Very intricate and interesting writing and acting. You will find yourself feeling emotional in this series making you cry at times as it is based on a true story. We have Marie who is played by Katlyn Dever she is amazing so talented really portrayed this character well bringing her story to life, which her character in the early hours of the morning someone breaks into her apartment through the sliding door. Where Marie is continually raped repeatedly by this guy while blindfolded and tied up with her own shoe lases. She calls the police after calling a friend and a neighbour to which they all do not believe her and treat her like a criminal to drag her through the mud as the crime scene is completely clean. The police think she made it up for attention based on her past of abuse through the foster program as well. There are many other victims that go unnamed throughout the years, then three years alter after Marie's rape of the same attacker two detectives from different towns Detective Grace Rasmussen played by Toni Collette and Detective Karen Duvall played by Merritt Wever starts picking up the pieces to connect these rapes to hopefully eventually find the rapist . Anyway, Marie suffered the most not just the rape that is a massive scar on her life for the rest of her life just like the other rape victims, but Marie has also suffered at the hands of the cops through disbelief by being treated as a lying suspect by the police, which it just an injustice in itself where it just shows you should never judge a book by its cover. Anyway, ten out of ten series loved it brings a tear too my eye and it just shows if it was not for those two amazing female detectives these women would never have closure especially Marie's life would have been completely ruined by the justice system failing her countless times through disbelief of her credibility in the rape allegation. I definitely recommend a watch if you have spare time as it really makes me think so much not to judge too quickly like the cops did with Marie, as you could miss some critical evidence leaving the person even more scared than they was the first time coming out of the violent crime against them. This was dark and frustrating, but real. In real life, so much assault goes unreported or doesn't gain enough traction to build a proper case. It's also heartbreaking to watch the ways in which post-rape procedures differ between state and class (with lower class victims being dismissed more easily).<br/><br/>I recommend this show for anyone who wants insight into the perspective of victims, along with how broken our justice system and society can be regarding victim blaming. You never know when the same scenario could happen to you or your loved ones. Unbelievable<br/><br/>Its the name of the new true crime Netflix investigative series. Story of a teenager named Marie' (portrayed as Marie Adler) who has been sexually assaulted, raped and in an astonishing turn of events later on pressurized to recant her statement, had to admit in an open court and receive punishment for "false allegations " before some years later vindicated as the real perpetrator got apprehended. This years best known limited edition series's has all been dark themed. From Chernobyl or Now they see us and now to this. But I have to admit, this might be the most difficult amongst all of them to watch.<br/><br/>The subject matter might had something to do with it, it's not an easy watch. But it had to be more than that, specially the writing and Kaitlyn Devers phenomenal portrayal of Marie Adler. I'll go on about it later. First I have to say something about the ensemble. So powerful casting all around ! Being guilty of in love with the crime investigation genre to a obsession, I've been waiting for this series since I have watched the trailer. Two lead female detectives might have drove the show, but the central character, the driving force of the series has always been Devers (Justified,Booksmart). The range of emotions or lack of she showed portraying the character was too much to handle. Never too melodramatic never too shallow, just the expression of her throughout has set an underlying tone to the whole show. U wouldn't even remember when you have started to root for her so that at least she could find a modicum of justice in a world that has been so injust to her through her whole life. So many senior actors present and an upcoming young actor stole the whole show ! It was just incredible!<br/><br/>Most of the investigative tv shows from Law&order franchise to CSI or Criminal minds, police procedure has always been the Centre or driving force of the show but here it's different. The human element behind the scene, the empathy or lack of empathy in the work has been shown in a so bright contrast that you have to admit, it's not just another run of the mill investigative show. It's different, it's better, and a definite binge material. Don't miss it. This is an outstanding piece of entertainment from beginning to end. It can be very hard to watch at times, especially if you're the kind of person who is empathetic towards others, but it is a story that needs to be seen by everyone, especially law enforcement, and men in general.<br/><br/>The series does an exceptional job at showing how society treats those women who come forward with claims of rape and assault, and how easy it can be to twist a statement to turn it back on the victim, ESPECIALLY for law enforcement.
There needs to be more light shed on "victim shaming" or "victim blaming", and how law enforcement routinely treat these victims as suspects, or as simply "unbelievable" in their statements.<br/><br/>The directing, acting, writing, and even the cinematography, is some of the best I have seen Netflix produce to date, and I cannot recommend this series highly enough. DO NOT MISS THIS ONE. I dare you to watch it, and keep your outrage in check.
9/10 stars