Wtf is it. Has no direction at all. By the end i forgot what i was looking for in the TV series. The narcotics police department is the worst i have ever seen. Even the one in Hindi movie Bichchhoo was portrayed better. Police is such useless. Worst technology to track a person. Come on you have an undercover agent with just her phone to track her? No Body tracker, no tracker in shoe or mobile or any other hidden trackers. Worst ever!! Do No watch this non sense!! What a powerful show. On the surface it looks like a thriller, a cop & goon chase but its not! Its the saga how a regular girl discovers her sexuality & the powers within. I cannot draw parallel to this with any other recent films or shows anywhere. This is different & needs a receptive mind to understand this.
BGM is awesome, direction s on point, all actors are great! And Aaditi Pohankar oh boy what a discovery... SHE is plain as your next door neighboor & a sex goddess the next minute. SHE holds the show.<br/><br/>A must watch! Don't fall for it. Go for it only if u finished almost all thriller web series. This one thrills you till climax, and that moment the director fools you. The whole thrill got carried away in jus 5 mins. I have never seen such a foolish police officer like Fernandez. Better he go for selling ice creams. My 5/10 is for the thrills I enjoyed before getting fooled, and sympathy towards the producer. I should say Aaditi (Bhumi) and Vijay(Sasya) acted well and Kishore(Nayak) presence was good. If I get to recall Fernandez again my rating will fall to 3 from 5. Not worth watching.
The plot is totally useless. Full marks to the acting but useless story makes it not worth. Good acting but let down by incoherent direction and poor screenplay. What starts as an intriguing story, soon denegrades into a plot that doesn't move anywhere. Whatever sympathies we have for some of the characters disappears into confusion. Few of the storylines reach a point where we still care. Prepare for disappointment..... SHE starts off ok in 1st episode and maintains same rythm in 2nd whilst i expected to become a stronger story line since it is directed by Imtiaz Ali.
From 3rd onwards it just starts to slide down on all the levels - story, direction, acting and editing.<br/><br/>For people who are looking for some serious watching, i would recommend to stay away. There is no suspense, thrill or strong drama in story line. All the actors have acted below par with little bit of exception of Vijay Varma as Sasya. Aditi and Vishwas acting slides down with each episode to the extent that 6th and 7th were unbearable to watch.<br/><br/>Really didnt understand what Imtiaz Ali was try to show. Netflix has become a dumping yard for these creators - bart of blood couldnt build on a very strong story line and SHE was disappointment on all levels. 5/10 just for the effort. The series tries to do something but sub-par acting, uninterested cast, plenty plotholes and an unconvincing storyline doesn't really let the show take off . In the words of nayak, "koshish karta hu" is what the series did at best, but fails miserably. However liked and enjoyed Sasyas performance as much as I hated the clueless cop character, Fernandez who keeps losing track of his undercover agent. The lead, Bhumi tries to fit in this character but as expected doesn't really hold the interest of the viewers even though in quite a few scenes she delivers a good performance but thats not quite enough to save this series. Watch this series just to enjoy the character of Sasya, that too if you are completely bored in this phase of self-isolation and have nothing better to do. Otherwise a definite skip. The premise of She - Netflix India's latest show - is so promising that nothing less than an absurdly confused narrative with no sense of timing and tone might have messed it up.<br/><br/>Even the smarter subtexts are fetishized by the makers. For example, equating the stature of sex workers in society to that of female cops in a male-dominated police force.<br/><br/>The execution of the narrative - the cheesy cop-planning sessions, her training montage, her sister's desi spunk, the incoherent flashbacks is too cringey to examine the complexity of Bhumi's transformation.<br/><br/>Aaditi Pohankar's performance is brave but uneven; she struggles mostly because she has been directed according to a script rather than her character.<br/><br/>The anticlimactic finale is the final nail in the coffin. Badly done show. After a point it became so repetitive until last 2 episodes - scene with mom / scene of her being prostitute/ training in police academy..... then last 2 episodes were ridiculous with a chutiya of an ending. Tremendous work done by all characters specially Aaditi Pohankar. Finally Indian Netflix is trying something which doesn't involve Karan johar and showing the potential. Vijay Varma as usual catching the eye. How they build the character of the girl is amazing and it's a must watch watch for everyone who wants to emjoy crime, thriller and mystery. Desperately waiting for seasons 2 !!! Imtiaz Ali did a great work, congrats to him !! Cant believe that this is Imtiaz Ali's creation.
What are they trying to show here is a C grade stuff for me and maybe thats why the reviews are good.
But for me Imtiaz ali was a classy director and I never expected such low class Tv series from him. Just to avoid spoilers cant write much but they have overdone certain aspects so much when it comes to feminism that you feel sick and lost. Some amount of thriller is a welcome change..But otherwise its a total rubbish! The story started off well but became boring after the 3rd episode. The heroin who was put through rigorous training like Rambo but for what? We also expected that any moment for her to rise to the occasion which never came. Surely with so much training they could have shown settle score with her husband and her sisters lover but it never came.<br/><br/>Worst of all,the heroine slept through the whole movie. Hey wake up. Don't watch .and waste ur time.its boring cheap and has not value at all.
U will lose respect for Imtiaz Ali after this if u haven't yet
Netflix indian content is so poor that people will laugh at us glibally Imtiaz Ali reached his peak with Tamasha.
And then, something happened to him. Something we don't quite know but can surely spot.<br/><br/>Sejal in 2017,
Love Aaj Kal this year and now this She.<br/><br/>I wish we have you back someday Imtiaz Ali.<br/><br/>I wish you're not the next Ram Gopal Varma. Well, i was about to give review to this totally time waste webseries but i found n numbers of reviews for it. So i dont think to give details here about it.I wish i could have read those before watching this web series. Anyways, i wasted my time to watch it.Request you not to watch it for 'Any' sake .. The only 2 people who deserve any credit in the show are Aditi Pahonkar and Vijay Varma. Excellent performances. The story line idea is good but focuses ONLY on prostitution. the writers created situations that focus ONLY on prostitution. There is absolutely NO closure of many scenarios. Leaves multiple loose ends. Physical training, for what ? Ending is a direct idea from the book "Silence of the Lambs". Could have been a good show with better writers. Disappointed. A totally pointless story (if you could call a few sex scenes patched together a "story")
The police and the criminals are portrayed to be extremely gullible for their chosen professions, probably so they could simply steer the "story" whichever way they like, whenever!
You've been warned. Rest all actors I don't blame them coz story line sucks and Vijay Varma stands out. I don't know the idea behind the genesis of such a trashy serial. Neither it is about undercover operation of a lowlife cop nor it is about the sexual exploration of Bhumi (main character played by Aditi Sudhir Pohankar). All wooden characters, no depth in the story and scenes reek of immaturity. Waste of time to watch. I sincerely hope the 2nd Season will not be renewed. Can't believe this is an Imtiaz Ali creation, the maker of Jab we Met. Poorly written, badly narrated, and leaning heavily on cheap sex to try and sell and even that is neither artistic nor erotic. Even the casting is substandard with regard to the main leads. This show is absolutely avoidable! Perfect acting and background music creates suspense. This show is worth of time and watching. If you know the meaning of acting then please watch this and enjoy from my side thanks to Mr Imtiyaz ali sir you are great. Vijay verma at his best !
Amazing acting by Vijay verma !
It's good that imtiaz Ali is taking such good actors like Vijay verma and unlike that stupid Sara Ali khan and deepika padukon who are simply useless ! The series opens with Bhumi already undercover as a prostitute. She talks big to her criminal target about sex. They go off to his apartment. The menace and the sexual tension are palpable. Then she starts to back pedal. He becomes aggressive. He touches her between her legs. He gropes her breasts. Eventually they are on the floor and she is mortified. As he starts to assault her she is tense and then she seems to relax and become turned on. The scene is highly sexually charged. Bhumi ends up with his gun and he is taken into custody. Whether she pretended or was really turned on is left to the viewer to ponder.<br/><br/>Then the series dials back the sexuality by eight or nine notches. What could have been a transformative series (think Girlfriend Experience with Riley Keogh), instead becomes a tease and a series of hackneyed scenes. Bhumi is repeatly sent undercover by what quickly becomes the Keystone Cops of Mumbai. The criminals surprise the cops and take her to a different place from the first encounter. Panic. They have Bhumi turn off her cell phone so they can't track her. Panic. The switch her with another person and the police lose her altogether. Panic.<br/><br/>There is sexual tension throughout the series. Bhumi is supposed to evolve and come into her sexual power through these experiences. They are laughable. Aditi Pahankar, who plays Bhumi, said she didn't want a "flesh show" which is her decision alone but what they got was no nudity with unbelievable sexual encounters. Bhumi recovers a cell phone for her sister from a guy trying to trade sex for it without even getting touched. After five teasing episodes, Bhumi finally is taken to the kingpin. He tells his men to strip search her something that can be easily implied off camera. However, on camera, they take off her top and shirt leaving Bhumi in sort of a crop top and underskirt. "She's clean." How do they know? She's still wearing cloths and they have not significantly touched her.<br/><br/>The ending is a howler. Bhumi conquers the drug kingpin by screwing him into submission but in a PG sort of way. The bottom line is that the series for which there will be a sequel has to decide if it wants to be a steamy Lifetime movie or a series where a somewhat shy ambitious woman acquires sexual agency in a realistic way. No logic,No acting and no storyline whatsoever.
Just a pure waste of time. This was my first Indian series and I actually enjoyed it. It was funny stupid and very watchable. I do hope they make a season 2. Out of all the Hindi Series I have seen on Netflix, this is one of the best. A nearly perfect Crime Drama. Every actor is brilliant and yet it is the script which is the real hero. Thanks to Netflix for bringing this riveting tale. Easily the best show on Netflix these days. The screenplay and characters are flawless. Authentic to its core. Bad acting, bad English dubbing, slow pointless plot, total waste of time... Can't even describe how cringe worthy this series is!!! ALL I CAN SAY IS STAY AWAY Worst direction,little bit of more research would have been done to make it look realistic.protagonist character is changing with time. role played by sasya was awesome . narcotics deptt is so noob. Guys , for sake of your mental health, don't watch this series .
Lose plot , lose climax, although acting is ok ok .
Tharki can watch this 👍😜 Started because they selected a catchy title and also because of Imtiaz Ali, but both disappointed. Everything is flat, even doesn't arise enough tension during catching the criminal. An interesting story is killed by casting director and the director himself. Such a poor story line!! Do not watch even if you are bored!! Maybe I enjoyed it because of Vijay Verma he was really captivating to watch he reminds me of another versatile actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Shame how it ended for him he could have gone further in the show unless season 1 is it. The characters weren't developed enough you never really got to understand the lead actress well enough. Nevertheless really enjoyable show left with a cliff hanger I hope after all that she's not switched sides. For quite some time, Indian storytelling has moved in a progressive direction. Be it 'Taare Zameen Par' that helped us break the stigma towards dyslexia or 'Vicky Donor' that talks about sperm donation - a taboo topic on infertility and artificial insemination. In a similar effort, 'She' is an average attempt by Imitiaz Ali that captures a woman's tryst with identifying her own sexuality amidst running daily chores and providing for her family.<br/><br/>'She' is an Indian television show revolving around the life of Bhumika Pardeshi (Aaditi
Pohankar) who plays the role of an ordinary cop who spends most of her time doing administrative work. Busy fighting for her divorce and providing for her ailing mother and brat sister, her life takes an interesting turn when she is hired by Anti-Narcotics Group for a super-secret mission. This mission entails Bhumika going undercover as a prostitute to catch the most wanted drug lord. Desperate to bring about a change in her life, Bhumika faces her own inhibitions and steps outside her comfort zone to become an undercover sex worker. As the series goes on, one sees Bhumika metamorphosing into a confident cop mainly due to the fact that she has explored her sexuality and she knows what an asset that truly is.<br/><br/>Playing a shy lower-class Marathi girl, Pohankar has done a near-perfect job with her Marathi accent and submissive body language at the beginning of the show. After playing supporting roles in 'Love Sex Aur Dhokha' and 'Lai Bhaari', Pohankar does a remarkable job in carrying the entire show on her shoulders. Another memorable character is that of 'Sasya' (Vijay Varma) who is one of the criminals that the Anti-Narcotics Group is trying to catch. On a hot streak of playing significant roles in the last few years, Varma delivers a notable performance yet again in the series. As the series progresses, the storyline gets diluted and raises more questions than answers. With an attempt to end the series on a cliffhanger, the storyline gets convoluted in the end leaving the audience to guess the rationale behind a certain chain of events.<br/><br/>The series does a great job of depicting the patriarchal ways of thinking that still exist in India, with cops objectifying Bhumika as 'not attractive' or her colleagues questioning if women should even join the police force. The series also depicts the life and challenges of middle-class Indian women who are unaware of their own sexual desires - a topic explored by many of our industry veterans in films such as Margarita With A Straw, Fire, Masaan, Earth, etc.<br/><br/>All in all, 'She' lacks clarity with respect to its story build-up and character development but if you want to objectively look at strong acting performances (by Aaditi Pohankar, Vijay Varma, and Kishore Kumar G), you should give it a shot. Dont waste your time. It is nothing but a pointless show. Acting: 2/10. The lead's stoic acting ruined the series. On the other hand, overacting by the most of the support cast didn't help the cause either.<br/><br/>Direction and editing: 4/10. Overuse of yellow filter hurts my eyes. Over reliance on non-linear storytelling is laughable. Some of the scenes are painstakingly idiotic. For example, the whole training regime of the lead is so stupid that you'd feel your IQ drop.<br/><br/>Story: 1/10. Dialogue seems to be written by a 16 year old. On the other hand, the story relies solely on sex and sexuality of the female lead and her sister. It's pathetic. Predictable and pathetic.<br/><br/>Sound mixing: 5/10. Only bearable thing about the series. From the word go it didn't feel right. Characters are not developed correctly and the actors also not justifying the role. Bhumi who had served in the police force for 7 is showed as some college student introvert. Any job and specially a tough job like of Mumbai police will at least make you confident and bold. Sasya is one of the most wanted by the narcotics dept. as if as soon as they find him they will hang him and withing a second as soon as they arrest him he becomes their asset.
Note: After the first episode I didn't not watched it further. First 2-3 episodes shoots up your expectations so at the end it is Highly disappointing. Don't waste your time. Biggest disappointment by Netflix india.very simple and poor story don't west your time.first 2 episode is ok and all other episodes like why am I watching this.netflix India please provide us better containt..... Didn't get what actually makers want to show. Waste of time. What started off well was screwed up right from episode 4, whats wrong with imtiaz ali's work? He should actually take out some time and think of getting the older version out. Story too weak and the entire police execution was baseless and senseless. Performances by vijay verma and aditi was really goood but royaly screwed by the exeuction.
Avoid watching this By far the worst thought out plan on the part of the cops...more pimps than cops. Dumbest cops in the history of television. Story has no head and tail...badly written.... Good individual perfomances. But not so good series. There are plenty better undercover series already available for streaming. This show is nice and unique awesome acting for bhumi and other cast but last episode suspence reveal i think is next series is come Great acted by Bhoomi,waiting for next season,I have really enjoy this Dark story, My Brain is fried, After watching SHE our mood has completely ruined. We need something else to refresh our mind.
This nothing close to reality. most illogical show ever. This is not how any countries police function. It seems Netflix picked up wrong show. This people don't even have budget to get good actors and good set.
Waste of time Before watching this series I saw all mixed reviews some positive some not so I thought let's give it a try but believe me this is not worth if you are looking for a series which will hold you down and make you think or make an impact but it is full of mixed, not polished screen writing, acting and dialogues. So save your time for something else. The first 2 episodes are a bit good and rest are just garbage.No strong storyline m Only good thing about the Show is aaditi's masterclass acting. Vijay Verma is too much overrated actor , I don't know what producers nd directors found in him and invested in him Badly written show. Imtiyaz Ali should get arrested for this. I had too much expectation from rhis series but it failed to impress me. The only thing i loved in this is acting of Vijay Varma . What an outstanding acting.. Loved ur role bro. Enjoyed where ever he appeared and his dialogue's. I gave 6 rating only for his acting. Otherwise Series is too boring. What this web series trying to show that lady force is used as prostitute to catch criminals. They are so spineless. really? Can't bind to watch another episode after watching one episode. You will can't fiend anything interesting in this all series. Only you can watch it when you have no option to watch another series or movies Story creating a highly suspence ,crime ,underworld background ...But not fullfil that situation.it's random presentation. But sex related issue which was present by director is good. Character bhumi acting wonderful. Climax disappoint . SHE (Netflix) - Bhumi (Aaditi Pohankar), an inexperienced pice constable is planted as a mole into a drug dealing ring in Mumbai, the metro shaping up as the epicenter of the supply chain. She is trained to act as a prostitute and implanted to lure Sasya (Vijay Varma) first and then Nayak (Kishore Kumar G.), the mastermind of the drug empire in a covert operation planned by the senior police authorities, and how she gets through the act is what SHE charts out.<br/><br/>Bhumi is not particularly attractive, almost manly, as her colleagues label her as. She is fighting a bitter divorce proceeding with her husband who is clearly lecherous about Bhumi's younger sister Rupa. Bhumi needs to retain her job to support their livelihood and will take on the risky assignment at any cost. She dives headlong into the project without knowing the outcome and how she will be supported by her supervisors.<br/><br/>This is a new genre of filmmaking for director Imtiaz Ali who has hitherto experimented with the various facets of love. "She" meanders into an uncharted territory after traversing the usual narrative and how Bhumi rediscovered her dormant sexuality is somewhat unconvincing. Her bold and brazen moves to prove her feminine prowess through a series of strange encounters are not compelling enough. Ali spends far too long to showcase the testing and training of Bhumi and keeps the covert operation to reach Nayak through to the climax rather brief. In the process, he takes the sting out of the tale. Lacks coherent, acting and plot. Avoid watching at all cost. Totally wastage of time, I have never seen such a crap. Acting is pathetic and the end is more pathetic. Terrible story, pathetic acting, unreasonably long episodes, just dragged. I quit after 2 episodes, it became so predectable. Stay away from this less than mediocre attempt. Girl lays in her room. Years of doing that. Her years go by like minutes. Pretty convienent, pretty easy for her. She walks out in the street, stands there for 4 years. Finally a car drives up with no one in it. The person driving it was hidden somewhere in the car laying deep in the chassey. Surpisingly, I loved it!! It's not the genre I usually watch but I don't miss Imtiaz Ali's work and I'm glad I didn't. Great choice of actors. Vijay Varma was undoubtedly brilliant. The protagonist, Aditi Sudhir was exceptionally good for a new comer, and managed to pull off that character brilliantly. I mean, there might be a few problematic things, but I enjoyed the show, so I'm chill. Useless storyline, dont watch it. same thing shown in all episodes No story, you can't guess till the end what they want to show.
And the end also you can't guess it what they wanted to show.
Total waste of time. As the name of the series goes (SHE) watch it only from the perspective of Bhumika...and then you all will be able to understand and like another gem by Imtiaz Ali. Imtiaz Ali's levels have dropped off a cliff in recent years. This is without a doubt his worst work. After watching the entire series you'll be wondering why you didn't jump off a cliff instead. Acting of the lead actress is awesome. She could be done better with good story n proper direction.
And .....
Everything else is not worth a penny .
Story is completely weak. Direction is miserable. Many unwanted characters. Even the director don't know what he is directing. Guys do some research before making a series. Don't waste Ur time . Actually the show isn't too good or bad. An average show with good twists and turns. Vijay Verma done a splendid job. Others were way behind him. Ending was very nice . Imtiyaz is known to evolve a women characters in the stories and most of his direction focuses to reveal the internal longing and unsettling suppress anger of the characters, how they face their fear, and come out as a strong personality." She" could be much better if the right direction and casting do not spoiled it with mediocre acting in the time of availability of great content on Netflix. I would still give it 7 stars because of the story worth it. The climax, y u doing this
One police woman turned in to call girl for undercover operation, its not good man Top notch storyline and I must tell you Mr. Vijay Varma has fuckinggggg nailed his role in this one. He is going to be big, m telling you.. and the main lead girl and the cop guy Fernandez did a good job as well. But Varma is toooo goood... Aditi and Vijay perform excellent in this series. IT was somewhat slow in few episodes. But, I enjoyed the show, specially Aditi's character<br/><br/>Only Netflix can dare to produce these types of series. Thanks Netflix... Please carry the experiments. We are enjoying it. I don't knw y ppl r saying its the best show... I think after 3rd episode it becames boring & showing same repeated scenes nd story doesn't go further.. With this story they can do best, but imtiaz missed it.. Ppl nowadays r just blind with the netflix.. The premise of this show has every ingredient to be a great one but the execution feels a bit hasty, which makes it harder to relate to the characters and probably the reason for somewhat low ratings.<br/><br/>I think they needed to spend a little more time developing the characters, helping the audience understand the choices/decisions they made. You do see some development of the main character by the end, actually looking forward to see how her life shapes up afterwards.<br/><br/>Could have been much more gripping. Still binged it in a day. I did not understand the ending of the last episode 7. Does it mean Bhumi decides to ditch the police and join Nayak? This web series deals with crime and sex, and you are gonna like both of them. Aditi Pahankar is amazing with her, her eyes speaks when her mouth doesn't. I like the dialogues as well. Going by the Polarizing opinions of others seems like many will either love it or hate it. But I found the whole story so gripping - I watched the entire first season in a few hours on the same day. The key actors are simply brilliant and it's interesting to See many regional actors cast as everything seemed so realistic including their accents. It's a relevant to many homes in India where expressions of women are suppressed . It is not a normal spy thriller.here main scope is to show journey of a innocent, shy constable.she is happy with her regular police earning but some change comes in her life & how it affect her personality.
Kind of attached to the show because of lead character acting.Her dialog delivery is something nice to hear.
Ending is not clear, I guess it's a patter to start a new season.
Overall it's a different show to show womans strength. It grows slowly on you. It captures your mind as to what will happen next. The finale takes you by complete surprise.
It would have helped if it was shown as to why the lead character is like that. It's not completely clear.
The direction and the acting is amazing.
Watch it if you can go through the slow buildup.
Waiting for the 2nd season. Protogonist acted well and her reactions r soo good... Good story and screenplay..i had watched all episodes(7) in one day.... Watched the complete first season in just three days, enough said. I must admit it was a total random series that came up when I was flicking through & am glad I hadn't read the reviews beforehand!<br/><br/>SHE definitely is intended for mature/adult audiences as it does have lots of groping & skimpy outfits. There is even a scene where theres a guy rubbing a woman's private part. Seriously! And yes I am referring to that reproductory part of a woman's body!<br/><br/>Realistic & raw portrayal of drugs business prostitution poverty wealth & power.
All the performances were superb with good character development. It really is a very well made series. A solid 10/10 from me. A lot of Londoners have seen it on my recommendation & have absolutely loved it. Go watch with an open mind. Thank me later.<br/><br/>Please please hurry up can't wait for season 2 Vijay Varma was the star of the show. Such a delight to watch. Natural acting at its best. Aditi the protagonist was good. The storyline is quite predictable but well executed. Worth watching!! Superiorly awesome. Very strong story line. Imtiaz Ali never lets you down. Don't know why rating is this low. Deserves to be among 9 Showing a confidence in less or over quantity is not good. Go and watch you will really like it. Are cops really used as prostitutes in India? The storyline is good, but some of the stuff is very unrealistic. An awesome series with a very powerful performance from aaditi pohankar...
And an very nice direction by imtiaz ali This is truly a top notch, hope SHE gets a second season Very bad - only words to describe this series. Clueless, directionless, storyless, phoney acting and irritating typecasting for both men and women characters...<br/><br/>You would rather stare at the doorknob during a lockdown. But beware doint watch this for your mental health It is a decent with some great performances specially by Vijay Verma.. i liked the Villain too.. the end was bit disappointing but still it was a good watch :) What a Series Man! Every Character is Powerful.I Just Like Every Bit of this series...waiting for SEASON 2 The first episode generates interest and then the story gets messed up. They forget their initial character Sasya, which causes a waste of time for the audience. I am sure Imtiaz Ali has tried his best but did not do well after the 1st episode. The main attraction is Sasya and Bhumi. And you find that after 1st episode Sasya lost somewhere by writer. Total waste of time from my point of view. Most trillling series of the year 2020 most anticipated series I binged watched She on Netflix in just 3 sessions and I couldn't wait for the second season to come. The story is brilliant and brand new! The casting is done so finely - Bhumi, Sassya, Nayakadu... They all do justice to their character.
She is a crime mystery Netflix original series. It starts with a constable Bhumi Pardeshi's life and how she disguise herself as a prostitutes to catch the drug racket conspiracy in Mumbai. Aditi has portrayed the role of Bhumi and she as the epicenter of the series, steals the show.
Fantastically made and directed and definitely good for the binge watch! This is a very well directed & written show. However, one does need to have a basic intelligence to appreciate the nuances. Lead actress aditi is just a revelation. Superb acting, she oozes sensuality in a most restrained manner as intended by Imtiaz Ali. All other actors, their accents are spot on. I was pleasantly surprised at the execution till the end. But mind you, this is not for the moronic masses, its nuanced. Don't with the reviews and do yourself a favour and watch it. Totally worth it. I feel it would be great to bring back Sasya's character for next season if possible.. he was the best character and attention seeking one.
I didn't feel anything could have been better so my title says perfection tk the core.. good job team ! An unassuming female constable transforms into a cheesy call girl. The transformation is do brilliant that even her colleagues are speechless. Starts living a dual life where her secret life is a total secret. Brilliant acting by all the characters. Superb Don't watch...
Watch something else.. When You watch this show..You feel realistic becoz sexuality is shown as our society is doing with womens or prostitutes.But story is like very different..From start to end u will be locked in story..It is binged watch this show.It is proud moment for every women officer to deal with this situation.Nice one. It's a strong depiction of imapct, trauma can have on one's life .Coupled with the portrayal of a feminine energy and how its awareness can bring divine transformation. You need to see the series , with a total different dimensions than mainstream portrayal of sexuality. The start of the series was itself very interesting and will make you stay till the the end and the last scene of the series is worth watching not because of the twist but because of Aaditi's flip in the character. She became from expressionless girl who only talked through her eyes to ferocious lioness. From being self restrained and contained to the one governing. You will be able to see the real life women in her who has different personalities hidden inside her but usually doesn't comprehend that. "She" exhibited how a push, self reflection or certain situation makes you discover or reveal the tigress in you. I believe there will be a season 2 because each one of us want to witness Bhumi's new energy. At the end of season 1, the character has opened up for a powerful, beast female character. Can't wait to see S2 where her character be put in to. A very good project of Imtiaaz Ali, with a nice plot until now.. superb acting and and interesting subject, quite a bold scenes somewhere. This one is about a cop lady living a normal life gets an opportunity to become a part of team to catch one gangster, by putting a trap of his weakness with girls, which gets extended with an idea to catch the big fish, a bigger gangster. It was nice to see how it takes a whole different turn at the end, is treat to watch. Season 1 ended on a nice high note. Waiting for the next. The leading star Aditi has put power pack performance.
It's nice to see since last few years, how some of the Indian seasons been made are exceptionally good and are improving day by day. Wow... something different ! With all the espionage thrillers and a lot of wannabe The Spy, this comes about as a refreshing change.<br/><br/>Aditi nails it as a coy constable transforming into a call girl to get to the inner circle of an organized crime cartel.<br/><br/>Amazing performance by Vijay Verma as well in the role of a Hydrabadi ganglord.<br/><br/>A must watch this quarantine season. Not engaging enough.. slow, acting of the female lead is good though There is a lot that goes around in this show. Imtiaz Ali has tried to give a message. Poweful acting. Must Watch! Must watch
Different Story
Different Acting
Amazing.... Storyline Is not so good. But the actors are up to the mark.
P.s.- beggar role was where this show seems relatable to imitiaz ali Interesting story, good actors and the series keep you engaged all the time. After completing the series, you will keep thinking about the same. A top notch series by netflix Aditi and Vijay were brilliant really enjoyed
eagerly waiting for the next season This series was predictable had expected a lot from it , but it was nothing new , off repeated and have seen such series lot many times ! Lead actress is entitled, she can't even act well. Just another example of netflix throwing as much crap at the wall they can to see what sticks Good production, bad story, the plot was rich enough to offer much more to viewers. Cold acting at some points mechanical, devoid of clímax and message. You can pass it over. India has made better stuff It's not easy to bear a continuous taunt, humiliation and unnoticed by each and every person alive.. Bhumi has been through everything, everyday, but never left the side of her family..But there comes a time when we have to change, for ourselves and make our own life the way we want to be!
The way she changed and evolved over the time was nothing short of brilliance.. This series is going to be relatable for many.. A must watch!!
Can't wait for season 2, already.. :) Stupidity, pathetic experience no story no facts nothing at all only sex scenes... Now every series made online thinks put sex scene and abuses it would be a hit.society needs changes and ideas .only uncivilized people fall for this nonsense embazement what online series have started now It was almost there... Aditi pohankar nailed it.. very nice and bold... Farnadice spoiled it.. he could have been much better. Vijay verma made it watchable.. but Aditi stole the show... way to go girl... apratim👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼