Great movie absolutely brilliant. If you are going expecting that you'll get to see the calamity then I'll recommend go watch the documentaries for that. This is a beautifully crafted romantic movie. Music is on point. VFX is great !!!! The story is good. The cinematography is Lovely and the message given is correct.
I don't see anything wrong with the film.
But we are Indians we'll rate this movie low because it might have hurt some religious sentiments of few educated illiterate people of this country. I am hindu and I appreciate this film and the message. One of those few people who consider Equality and correct things above the Religion.<br/><br/>People need to understand what's right and what's wrong and you don't need a religion for that. IlIts not just a movie, its an experiance. Beside beautiful love story it tell, its show eyes catching beauty of kedarnath. Honestly potrayed by sushant and smartly played by Sarah. Do watch with your loved one. Thumps up for acting. This movie is a much watch, atleast once. Sara ali khan has done a great job. There are many fun light moments which are very enjoyable. The portrayal of the floods is extremely great. Kedarnath is a beautiful amalgamation of cinematic elements woven finely that you would literally forget to even munch on your popcorn.
Based on the real incident of devastating floods that happened in the state of Uttarakhand in June 2013, Abhishek Kapoor and Kanika Dhillon's gripping story sets it's characters amid the turbulent times. Although the story at heart talks of love between a Hindu and a Muslim character, the catastrophic premise adds to the much needed emotional and entertainment quotients.
Kedarnath takes you to the temple, not only to its surroundings but also it's base and give it to the makers- you feel you have done the darshan. You also get a glimpse into the lives of people residing in the area and how livelihood plays a role here in the plot- the local feel is authentic.<br/><br/>Its a visually stunning canvas. Salutes to everyone working on the VFX and CGI. Its sends a chill down your spine even giving you a feel that you are at the edge of the mountain range and that you'll be swept off your feet by the waters.<br/><br/>Sushant Singh Rajput once again proves he shouldn't be underestimated or underrated. Sara Ali Khan on the other hand gives a confident debut. Never faltering with her role- not even in one frame, she doesn't seem she's facing the camera for the first time. Kedarnath from director Abhishek Kapoor whose other notable work includes Kai Po Che (also starring Sushant Singh Rajput) is a decent watch. It is a shame that people are reviewing it badly owing to Hindu- Muslim angle. Indians really need to grow up. People saying that its cashing on a tragedy. Whats your take on Titanic which grossed billion worldwide. It is just a work of fiction.Sara Ali Khan is a revelation. Watch it for mesmerizing visuals! From trailer itself it was clear it's going to be a tipical bollywood romantic movie. Of course focus will be on actors rather than disaster that happned. if you really want to educate yourself then go watch a documentary & read articles, don't forget it's a bollywood movie, however still they tried balance everything. Both actors fully utilized their talent according to what was given to them. 10/10 for that. watching them together was a treat. :) A must watch movie..Amazing acting by the lead actors, there is no moment of boredom throughout and if flows smoothly linking the love story to the uttarakhand tragedy, Sara Ali khan portrays her role very strongly complementing Sushant Singh Rajput's acting who has already established himself as a versatile actor. The movie has a good flow and nothing is unexpected. Love story has been brilliantly put into it with an addition of religious sentiments. Whole cast and crew have done a good job, special mention to Sara Ali Khan and Sushant who have done justice to their roles Sara being a new comer. The best part of the movie is that you don't feel stuck at one point like other bollywood movies. Over all a good movie to watch. The directed dedicated this movie to the Kedarnath disaster victims. The performances by both the protagonist Sara Ali Khan and Sushant Singh Rajput are great. Many people are hating it because it is a Hindu-Muslim love story, that is not a new phenomenon. From a cinematic view, the movie was great, the special effects team did a great job despite of low budget. The story seems to be kind of incomplete (as trailer made the expectations higher) but the acting makes to cover it up. Good direction. Amazing acting.
Amazing views, this movie makes me want to visit Kedarnath againðŸ˜­ Hi Guys,<br/><br/>As always let me put review for this also. Lets talk about the account acting first, Sarah being debutant did fair enough and sushant was not at its best but was flawless. Movie plot is really well, however they didn't have good catchy dialogues. Second half of the picture will set you on cruze, you will enjoy like hell. End is good and justified, maybe not like usual films so people may dislike.<br/><br/>Overall, a good treat to watch.<br/><br/>Thanks,<br/><br/>Sahil Kapoor Don't watch other critics & reviews of other just go for it it's perfectly nice movie for those who love romantic story This film is poor fare owing to the unexciting and flawed writing and weak execution. What works well is Sara Ali Khan's stupendous performance and the flood sequences. What a brillant concept: Sushant (RealLife: Hindu. Film: Muslim) Sara (RealLife: Muslim. Film: Hindu) Wah! Wah! This film reminds me Ishaqzaade film. Boring story... Time and Money Waste... Disaster I came out of that movie theatre with thought that Kedarnath could have been better movie.
Based on Tradegy,there could have better scirpt but some obsessed mediocre Bollywood Director and Producers can only think of Love movies?Why no thriller ?
And such love movies suck.
Sushant Singh Rajput has certain way of acting and I can't see him coming out of his shell ,It's same Sushant acting as in Koi po che.
Only Dhoni was his good acting,otherwise it seems anyone can act,Nothing exceptional.
Sara Ali Khan,new debutant ,nothing new,rebellious teenager ,fail to understand how cheaply getting attracted and keeps hitting on Sushant Singh Character.
These Raja Hindustani kind of scripts hard to digest but Bollywood Mediocre and untalented Producers and Directors keep making Such Stupid movies.
Money got wasted.
Robot 2.0 much better option to watch if haven't watched It's the first romantic movie that I have ever liked
Don't pay attention to the critics
Its not just a basic love story its something different
Something really perfect sara Ali khan's acting was a boom and sushant was such a darling
Its a must watch
Go for it with your frnds and family Absolutely waste.. disaster even worst than thugs of hindustan Movie is good. Cinematography is excellent. Performances of lead actors and others are fine. Plot is similar to Titanic... a poor muslim boy, high status Hindu priest girl, boy is simple and sacrificial type, girl is extrovert and liberated. Villain is scheming, selfish type. Families are simple and love their children, fear for safety.
Finally there is disaster in form of floods. Boy dies, girl lives.
Overall it is worth a watch. Kedarnath, where a drastic disaster took place, you made movie on that, and you pushed a love story with that. But it was not a love story too. I don't understand what it was and why they've made that.
There was such a big disaster took place, they could made a grand movie on this. survival, help, soldiers.
But no. Their aim was to made a bloody Bollywood Garbage. It is a decent movie, however the sluggish build up and romantic angle ,sets it back.Some scenes are unnecessary and some emotions even seem forced , the director should have tried the genre of thriller rather than " tried and tested"(by Bollywood) romantic genre...it would have been refreshing.The movie truly sets up during the last 20 minutes...where suprisingly the VFX was convincingly well executed and amazingly appropriate...not over doing or under doing the effect..might even move you to tears. The cinematography is decent and production design team has done a decent job. The music has that classic Amit Trivedi's Kai Po Che feel to it. The editing team could have done a better job, as the romance sequence was dragging if not cringing at some points.Anyways this film DOESN'T DESERVE THE HATE it is recieving on this forum from so called reviewers, though it could have been considerably better as the only thing that I took back from the theatre were the visual effects from the climax. But do give it a watch if you are not too short on time. Peace This is one of the visual masterpiece of Bollywood. The movie is one time watch but stunning performance by both the lead actors. This movie brings some good moments in the first half but loses its grip in the second half with so many loopholes. Still the movie seems a good piece of visual ride.
Some people are targeting the only because it shows a love affair between Hindu and Muslim, for me Its so unfair. I watched this movie yesterday at Qfx cinemas, Labim mall, Lalitpur, Nepal. I was not keen on watching the movie after watching the trailer but accompanied my spouse anyways. To my astonishment the theater was housefull and we watched from the second row. Surprisingly, the movie was outstanding. The intensity of the narrative kept me at the edge of my seat throughout. It has a certain thriller element to it. Overall the movie is very good.<br/><br/>The backdrop of the locale is breathtaking but the CGI could have been a little better- our eyes are used to Hollywood level graphics these days. However the main plot is too intense and thrilling for anyone to be fixated on the CGI. Also, the CGI depends on the budget of the movie.<br/><br/>All in all a good movie if you're a fan of drama and thriller and also keep yourself abreast with current social and political environment.<br/><br/>PS: And yes please don't go with the ratings and reviews. We know who they are and why they are so critical. My rating is 7 out of 10. Sara needs to work on her acting skills. Film has a good subject but they did not used it properly. Waste of money. . ............................................,.............No story with bad acting. Don't waste your money by watching this movie
Acting of Sara Ali Khan is worst Pros -
Good Acting
Scenic Places
Plot<br/><br/>Cons -
Over stretched
Flood VFX could be better and more time should have been devoted to these scene. Best part of this movie was Sara Ali Khan...she was fantastic. Can't believe this is her first movie...she's made me a fan...will definitely watch all her movies in the theater. Based on natural calamity of kedarnath. Film is boring. Created hype of romance of sara ali khan, but film failed to impress. Poor graphics of flood were looking foolish. Sushant failed yet again. Film failed to arouse human sentiments consequential of flood disaster. Over All a money loss movie. Better to avoid. No story, hamming in the name of acting. this movie is utter waste of time and money Bollywood audience just tired of this love stories 😕😕😕 Kedarnath is such a boring love story with same storyline of Bollywood...1st half is very slow and boring...and 2nd is okay only bcoz of last 10 min scene of Flood disaster.. this movie is very average and below expectations... Actress has zero acting skill . It based on a real event but when we see this movie it never feels like real. Also bad vfx. The main thing is it also portraits the fake hindu terror ideology created by media and liberals. The reason is bollywood movies are being funded by black moneys over the years so they also want to share their ideology on screen. I gave it 1 rating because I don't know how to give minus 10. So basically this movie is as usual same romantic story line movie with nothing too great...the first half is boring and there is nothing happening in it...while u would enjoy 2nd half but that also looks rushed the natural disaster the actual base of the movie has been filmed poorly and doesnt look like dangerous in the movie and shown only in 15 minutes of the movie basically only 45 minutes of the movie is watchable...the saving grace of the movie is music and lead actors performance specially sara ali khan....watch it only for sara ali khan 2.5/5 from my side!!!!! Abhishek Kapoor is back again with a love story, based in Kedarnath. Starring Sushant Singh Rajput and Sara Ali Khan as lead, this film is Sara's debut film. So all eyes are on her. And the story is also about the flood which happened in 2013, where many lost their everything!<br/><br/>Film is a love story of a pithhu muslim guy with a dauther of a Pandit. Both stay there up in the valley. The story goes softly in the first half. And second half is full of drama. I think there are some unnecessary scenes in the entire movie. But it never becomes boring at any point of time. The flood sequence in the last 20 something minutes are superb. Though VFX could have been better. But you can enjoy the visuals which're threatening.<br/><br/>One scene of water flowing over the main temple had got me the biggest goosebump in recent times. My screen was housefull. And everyone was watching with a pin drop silence in the hall. The film, which is going stronger because of the word of mouth from audiences, as people feel amazing to see those last portion in theaters.<br/><br/>Sara Ali Khan makes her shining debut here. She will probably get all awards of best debut female. She looks stunning in all salwars. Especially in that red salwar in Qafirana song. However, I want to ask the costume designer that why her character doesn't wear any sweater or jacket or shawl despite having seated in Kedarnath! 🤔<br/><br/>Sushant Singh Rajput is good. Not great or anything! I only liked him in that climax scene. Neetesh Bhardwaj is fine. Others are good. The Baba at valley is superfine!<br/><br/>Music is above average. Amit Trivedi has given the music. Starting with Namo Namo, the cinematography is superb. Qafirana, JaanNisaar and Sweethear are nicely written songs. So, first time I am listening to Amitabh Bhattacharya's lyrics who are greater than music. Wow. Arijit Singh always rocks in any film!<br/><br/>Story is by Kanika Dhillon and Abhishek Kapoor. I would say they could have created more depth in characterisation. We can't feel for them. It could have been made a better film. Also didn't like the cliche helicopter scene. 😐 Dialogues are not good, as I can sense that the heroine is not a Pandit girl in real but a muslim girl, beacause of her accent. Sushant is having lesser urdu words than Sara. This could have to be done rightly.<br/><br/>I have been there at Kedarnath four years before this tragedy happened. I have seen the beautiful valleys. I have experienced the cold out there. And more of the above, the holyness of the temple and its surrounding. So, I went to watch this film to revisit Kedarnath. However, it is impossible for anyone to showcase look a like Kedar on screen of before the year 2013. This team have tried their best. But how can I be so amazed with this world in the movie!<br/><br/>On the whole, you should definitely go for this film. Because Sara has given fine performance and location needs eyesights. Watch this film in theaters only, because you can't watch it at home anyday! This film is happened to be seen on big screens. Not great, not bad. But, surely watchable. This is the dullest, slowest and the most illogical film of 2018 so far. I don't know what they were thinking while making this trash. Save your money and rather watch 2.0. Even if the ticket is free still i won't recommend anyone to go and watch thia in a theatre, it's 3 hours of torture. I'm VERY DISAPPOINTED with BOLLY-trash right now! After a long time I watched a Bollywood movie in theaters and I must say it was worth my time and money. It's not very common in a movie where everything is so perfect. There are many elements in this movie which makes it watchable but the most important are the lead actors acting. Not even once I thought that I am seeing a debutante, Sara played her role so well. There are no words for Sushant, his acting is getting better with each film. He is very few among his young peers who takes projects that are worth our time and fun to see. And the music too was placed perfectly without disturbing the storyline or looking like it was for a sake of length. Arijit's 'Jaan Nisar' is one of his best song after Hamari Aadhuri Kahani. Overall don't listen to critics and watch this movie without thinking twice. You surely will enjoy it. I saw it! I really enjoy it - it is an excellent product from just a budget of 5 million. It's really different from typically boliwood films. The locations are breath taking and how director take you to everyday life. I am really please how the religion has been chosen as a backdrop topic that how it still generates conflict around the world. We don't learn From our mistakes! It is a fascinating film from the different perspective of Indian film. Absolute waste of time and money. Don't even bother to think about going to this garbage movie. One of the worst movie of 2018. No perfect story line, Bad performance of both Sushant & Sara, Poor Quality etc. Keep your money for Zero or KGF. First part is so boring that you will stop the watching of this film. Some people watch YouTube videos in the cinema hall to avoid disappointment. 1 star for sara and boring story..sushant was good..dont spoile yor money on this..watch mirzapur instead (if you hv time 😁) An illiterate view of a massive environmental tragedy. I Like India movie.this movie I like,I see this movie,pls Hiudi and muslim movie that bad review by both of regional, boring Its better to watch a repear telecast of CID then watch this pathrtic movie which not onlu mocks tragedy that stuck and also silently pushes love jihad...worst movie ever Scene to scene COPY of TITANIC. Director abhishekh kapoor was just waiting for a real tragedy to Happen and he made the movie on it. Even title is copied. There titanic was destroyed due to water, hence title is TITANIC, here kedarnath was destroyed due to water hence title kedarnath.. There leo dies sacrificing himself to save his rich princess, here sushant dies sacrificing his life saving his rich princess.there love blossoms on titanic the ship, here it is kedarnath ( a bigger ship). There Kate goes to leos downgrade cabin to celebrate here sara does same. There Kate is engaged to be married and is on titanic, here also sara is engaged to be married in kedarnath. So gattu what a good copy which surprisingly people have missed out. But titanic had more romance..this movie does not..titanic dedicated last 45 mins to tragedy gattu dedicates last 15 mins ( of course to save costs). Leo makes nude portrait of Kate with necklace which is missing Here and also the landmark titanic ship pose. So a Poor man's TITANIC I have never watched such disgusting movie yet .
It's nothing, director just tried to cash-in kedarnath disaster with adding some bollywood masalas and of course the big talk of town "hindu-muslim" love, in which boy is muslim (like always). Totally wastage of time and money. The movie has been shot in beautiful locations has a very strong subject. The acting was also good considering the fact it was sara ali khan's first movie. Overall a good movie to watch with family. Ironic bolltlywood would never learn Anything than connecting love story in such huge tragic of country .. Glad uttarkhand(belong to kedernath) banned this movie .. Just like titanic poor with rich and here Hindu with Muslim .. That too I can tolerate but shooting location was one of most beautiful Hindu Pilgrim site ... 😕 m********* bolly(hood) gaandu 😑 The director seemed to be getting off on his fetish of getting a Hindu boy to play a muslim role and a muslim girl to play a Hindu Brahmin role. Even the director seemed to loose his fetish by the interval. I don't know what emotion the director was trying to "jagao".
I was so bored that I noticed that Sushant Singh has not one but two Adams apples.
A better use of your time would be to stare at a blank wall. Is all about muslim appeasement As done previosuly. any how they will prove muslims are innocent all problem lies with hindus . I dont know why I saw this movie, totally nonsense. typical old school drama like amir-garib, uchh-nich and now a days same medicore story serve in new format by cashing (or may be under somekind of agenda) hindu muslim angle. nothing is realistic, acting is dull may be we can leave space for her as new actress but they use Shushant singh like secondary actor. song are not good-not bad just ok. you will never regret if you dont watch this nonsense movie, when low budget online tv series without any backup can provide good content with superb acting skill and strong story line as compare to this nonsense movie with medicore acting, that time I really feel sorry. Bollywood just promote nepotism nothing else.<br/><br/>story- 2/10 (same old story heer ranja type)<br/><br/>acting-3/10 (she is new not upto the mark and Sushant singh just play a secondary role. nothing good to mention about others)<br/><br/>song-3/5 (not catchy)<br/><br/>cinematography- 4/5 (good)<br/><br/>overall rating- 3/10 I've said it before but I am a sucker for star-crossed romance. And an interfaith relationship is icing on the cake. 'Kedarnath' is just that in a natural disaster setup. For those who are not aware, Kedarnath is a town in the Himalayas that suffered massive destruction in 2013. It was a horrific tragedy that director Abhishek Kapoor has managed to capture on the big screen.<br/><br/>Mansoor (Sushant Singh Rajput) is a porter who helps tourists visit temples and go on pilgrimages. He is immensely proud of what he does despite religious opposition. Mukku, a daughter of a respectable Pandit, happens upon him and is instantly fascinated by this young man. Refreshingly, she is the one who pursues him and their relationship blossoms into a gentle romance. An obnoxious fiancé, conservative parents, nothing seems to stop this couple...except impending doom. You know how the story will play out yet the last 20 minutes will still leave you awestruck and are the highlight of the movie.<br/><br/>Sushant Singh Rajput plays Mansoor with a quiet strength that's endearing and equally admirable. But frankly, he doesn't have much heavy lifting (metaphorically speaking, of course, since he carries a tremendous amount of weight in reality) to do. In an almost shocking turn of events a lot of the burden falls to Ms. Khan. Sara Ali Khan's Mukku is foulmouthed, stubborn, rebellious, and gets to display a range of emotions. She impresses with a confidence and attitude rarely seen in a debut film. Welcome to the movies, Ms. Khan; we're glad you're here!<br/><br/>Abhishek Kapoor is an unpredictable filmmaker. While he has delivered great wonders like 'Rock On' and 'Kai Po Che', his last release 'Fitoor' was painfully dull. Thankfully this time around he ups his game. He has chosen the right subject and does justice to the disaster. The romance could've used a little more time and stronger music was definitely needed. Songs are an imperative part of any good Bollywood romance and better ones would've helped heighten the emotions here. Nevertheless, the film has a Titanic-like quality that works for it.<br/><br/>I quite enjoyed this movie. The couple is sweet and there are some incredible shots of the valley. And seeing it fall apart is painfully effective. If nothing else, it's worth a watch for Sara Ali Khan who will walk away with all the glory. Story could be more strong ..plot was not used properly ..poor direction ..it can be best movie but they made the remake of old movies ..just trying to show Hindu Muslim story ..that's it ..poor mind director 😂😂🤣🤣 money waste In today's World there are more real stories than these good for nothing romantic stories. Moreover Indian Army played a major role in the aftermanth of Kedarnath tragedy, they should have been portrayed instead of individual stories It was an amazing experience.. I just loved this movie.. awesome movie... Superb actors.. My family visited Kedarnath in 2008 and they loved the movie so people who have not been there and write this as disaster stop doing that ! This film have strong belief for bholenath and nothing like jihad style. Go and watch even if you have been to Kedarnath temple ! Real entertainer...<br/><br/>Gud acting by lead actors and supporting actors...<br/><br/>Watching kedarnath tragedy on sliver screen...<br/><br/>No words to explain... One of the best movies I have seen this year! A must watch for people who prefer content based movies. Movie is 10/10 on all aspects. I am sure the ppl who have banned the movie in uttrakhand are writing these reviews. Go watch this movie and you not feel waste single Rupee. Such a fantastic visuals, proud to have such a swiz like place in India, new talent born sara ali khan. One time must watch. Such a terrible movie. Acting was so bad. Its a shame they made romance out of Kedarnath incidents. They could have a made how army and how commoner were helping those people.
Terrible acting.
Terrible story.
Terrible movie.
Its better to watch Aquaman and 2.0. Movie is okay but storyline stumble.... Starting of movie is bit slow .... Vfx used are trash but good acc to budget... I dont know why this movie got low rating. Its really nice movie. Love, drama, comedy romance full pack movie. Dull story and bad direction of this movie turned my 2 hrs into a nightmare... VFX was also bad... Instead go for Mortal Engines guys... Save your money. Please, save your money for anything else. Show bollywood that they need to stop making these type of movies. Will suggest to watach this movie. A beautifully made movie with awesome music and love story. Ending was not as expected and full of emotions which lead tears<br/><br/>Awesome movie must watch Fantastic movie<br/><br/>Review writer should be responsible while writing movie review Climax should have to be long enough!! Else is just boring. Good work by director..sushant..Sara.. must watch for the way it has presented. Why we remain stop , please physically reply to Director of this movie. Watched it on friday expecting the movie to be totally focused on the Kedarnath tragedy of 2013 but..sadly i was wrong. 70percent of the movie only revolves around romance between sushant singh rajput and sara ali khan,communal conflict,differences of social status,opposition of families and similar stereotypical elements you'll find in any bollywood love story.Until Intermission and even 20mins after it..there's nothing about the tragedy..only in the climax its there..and that too relates to their "siyapa"...Script is extremely poor and it neither does justice as a love story nor shows the tragedy as one'd expect. I dont like sushant as his roles are all same. He is always a "too good to be true" hero...
Although,Sara Ali Khan's performance is way better than i expected from her,she didnt do as pathetic as shridevi's daughter jahnvi. Sara atleast sustains her mother's standard and almost looked same as amrita singh..
Visual effects are extremely poor in this film and if you watch Hollywood films,you'll laugh at their attempt of showing the disaster. Its awfully lame and unbelievable...Actual shots of the region are beautiful and you may appreciate them occasionally. For me, Kedarnath failed terribly as a disaster movie but as far as bollyromance debut of sara is concerned,its fair enough... how you'll accept this movie is upto your taste.. if you've liked Dhadak,MsDhoni,Azhar kind of movies..you can give it a try!<br/><br/>I will rate it-- 5 out of 10 Excellent perform by Sara and Sushant. People are gonna like only Salman and Varun dhawan's over acted script. This movie has a light tone and not for people who like vibration over acted item songs filled movies
Stunning views of the Kedarnath valley
Must watch Don't watch if you hate tragedies. This movie contains tragedy after tragedy.
I was really counting on this to cheer me up, but it just worsened my mood Love, struggle, relegion have been beautifully captured in the picturesque Kedarnath. Specifically the flood scenes raise the bar of Bollywood. You can see the hardwork and amount of time Shushant Singh Rajput, Abhishek Kapoor and Sarah Ali Khan have put in. A great watch. Movie is blend of 2013's Kedarnath (part of Uttarkhand state in India) natural calamities disaster with the love story of a Hindu girl of conservative family and a Muslim boy. Movie can be classified to be an old wine in a new bottle with appeasing message that humanity is the above all religion. Initial part of movie spreads comic aroma around bold dialogues from a Hindu girl of a very conservative family. Sara Ali khan with her first ever performance in movies, shown the impact that she is ready with better competency to other actresses. Sushant performance was elite, touching as always with charming personality of a Muslim guy.
Movie rightly brought up the problem of industrialization on natural resources which was one of main cause of natural calamities and casualties during 2013 in Kedarnath and surrounding areas until Nepal. Clearly able to articulate how politicians and local people difference of opinion in managing the pilgrims and able to spread the right message how to manage it better. Movie is must-see if some-one enjoys family or love drama. The movie was in sync and star cast did justice to the roles. Sushant was as usual good. Sara was mind blowing. Very confident and doesn't seem like this was her first movie. All the best👍 Sara Ali Khan is good.Sushant Singh Rajput is brilliant.This movie deserves your bucks.Go watch this never seen before experience.
The visuals are so brilliant that you can't take your eyes off, sometimes you feel like you are there only.vfx is good considering the budget.2nd half of movie is brilliant and unmissable. Nice to watch, love story, awesome acting by sushant Didn't go in to the movie with any expectations and fortunately wasn't disappointed in the end. The film isn't a long drag, along with beautiful visuals and emotional background score by Hitesh Sonik. The romance of the story could have been more fleshed out and the side characters could have been given a bit more substance to feel some connect when the tragedy occurs. Sara Ali Khan's character was all right and does enough justice to it. The main pull of the movie has to go to Sushant Singh Rajput's portrayal of the character for which enough time is given to care for him through out the movie. In the end in my opinion this movie needs to watched at least once in the big screens for the experience of it. The performances, cinematography, flood scenes are all phenomenal. The formulaic plot greatly diminishes the overall quality and impact. But I do recommend you check it out once. Do not go with the critics. They are paid. Sara Ali Khan is a breath of fresh air. Sushant does a good job too. A very subtle message to religious fanatics and hardliners. A decent love story well blended with such a catastrophe. A very logical climax. Movie leaves you with a good vibe. Do not listen to audience well the ones who love 2.0 and have no clue about a movie called Tumbbad. A very sensible direction and screenplay. And not to miss Kedarnath's scenic beauty thats just so pleasing! Good acting by both Sushant and Sara. I wish they had focused on one theme, either love story or the Kedarnath tragedy. Combining both somehow diluted the emotion. That being said, I really enjoyed watching the movie. Can't believe I'm reading bad reviews about this of this from people who may not have proper imagination. This is a verg moving, and touchy tale of love, suspense, and a trajedy that occurred. I mean this wasn't a documentary - so they can not show the entire flood. They just chose a fictional backdrop love story & eventually the master devastating flood happens. I mean, give it a chance folks!! Sara Ali Khan's acting was so lively & cute! She's a pleasure to watch & very natural I thought! Her acting is phenomenal, even better than Shushant Singh's acting. It's a visually stunning movie and watch it for the acting of Sara Ali. You will like it. I am an American and don't typically go to Bollywood movies. But the story and relationship between the main characters really left an impression on me. So much depth of emotion and love and pain. Not to mention parts of the cinematography are just plain beautiful. A great heart rending movie. I love the movie
Love their acting , songs I visited Kedarnath once I remembered those memories of Kedarnath while watching the movie I love the story too great movie 👍🏻 Entire credit of these film goes to Sara Ali Khan...shock to see and can't believe it was her Debut Film This movie don't deserve 10 star but not 1 also....it is beautiful..mind refreshing movie...it is simple love story and a tragteic suspense you will not regret after watching this movie After this movie, you will feel like you have been to Kedarnath and returned. The places captured in the movie is awesome. It shows a beautiful love story and their separation due to religious beliefs. Must watch. Excellent acting by leads. Very nice love story with beautifully shot locations I am not getting why everyone hating this movie. I watched it and was mesmerized. Awesome visuals. Can not believe they pulled it off with a shoe string budget of 35 cr. The disaster scene was amazing although it is not a disaster movie. Just watch it as a romantic social drama. Sushant was amazing, Sarah was good enough. They had a nice chemistry. You will enjoy it. I loved this movie. There was nothing objectionable in the movie. These types of movies you can enjoy only in cinemas don't wait for it to come online or on tv. You shouldn't miss this. This is a simple get together movie with friends who want to watch a simple old school Bollywood movie with not to much in depth character building, The story of the movie is a rip off of the classic Leonardo and kate winslets Titanic. But one that is done well. It deserves a higher rating then 5.2 Ignore all the reviews being way too harsh on the 2 main actors! 1. Good premise, but not an apt story. Could have been made into a wonderful movie if not for the botched love story
2. Sushant's expressions and acting are unconvincing, though he has worked hard for the role
3. Good debut by Sara Ali Khan - good acting
4. Pithus (the people who carry people who cannot climb the mountains) are actually very poor people. But in this movie, the pithu (hero) almost always wears new T shirts and wears classy clothes for a wedding
5. The hero wades against the flood waters - even Superman could not have done that
6. Indianised version of Titanic, minus the ship
7. Have given it a 5, because I love the mountains. First portion of the movie seemed to be an expansion of the trailer and songs and nothing else. What I felt was like I had watched it already. But then comes the other half it was great except that typical ending. These 8 stars are for the songs and the latter portion of the movie. After a lot of negative backlash ( which i guess was majorly due to 'right'headedness of today's time), I decided to watch the movie.<br/><br/>I was in for a happy surprise. The acting is as good as it gets and Sara shines. Sushant steps into the role with ease as usual and the support cast is able.<br/><br/>The movie stays entertaining throughout and throw in a very serious calamity, has an almost Titanic like vibe towards the end! Its definitely a watch for anyone who wants to watch a movie in the theatre! Very beautiful n sweet movie. Very good love story line connected with the 2013 floods give a sense of reality. Love story is good... Sara Ali Khan is very beautiful, and justified her acting as a fresher though she did not seem like a fresher in her 1st movie. Good Acting skills... it was good to see that side of India... very refreshing .... will watch again... all actors justified their part of acting.... worth watching again... cannot hold myself without watching again.... Well Done Sara Ali Khan & Sushant Singh Rajput I think its story is better than 2.0
It is full of romance tragedy All the rubbish bollywood comes up with....embarassed to even admit that i watched this crap!!<br/><br/>...and then the feeling of how the name of one of the most spiritually powerful places in the world was used for....this....a moment of disgrace in Bollywood's history! Most idiotic dull movie I had ever seen , bollywood can never get apart from word called love , in a natural disaster with so many aspects to show Including human agony , grief , valour of army , a lesson taught to humans from Mother nature. same old ghisa pita theme of communal love story with biased inclinations to prove something which is clearly purposeful for extreme ideologies.
A boring movie , don't watch or you'll be sorry to see your hard earned money get wasted. I am so glad i stuck to my gut feeling and watched this in the theatres where having read some reviews here I was almost put off. From cinematography, to acting skills, to screenplay and delivery of dialogues and how this movie builds up, this movie has it all. Yes, the movies is predictable, but which movie isn't these days? If your looking for a patriotic movie, dont watch this movie and dont review this movie because you will not be doing justice to yourself or how good this movie was. I think the movie has elements where it gives the army ita due credit and the real reasons why kadrenath was afflicted by this calamity. Watch this movie with an empty cup and you will rnjoy this movie to the max. Should have positive ending to establish the faith in goodness. Must watch...It's an eye refreshingand a short love story movie witj a great acting of sushant singh... This c4ab movie is just opposite to kashmiri pandits genocide. Muslims killed all Hindu and forced them to leave their homes . But here they showcased Hindu as traitor villain and muslim as innocent. Great no one genocide muslim in decades how the hell could he cover up kashmiri pandits issue and hell showed how hindu killed every one. Opposite to history only for minorities. Bakwasss Trash movie that forcefully introduces Muslim elements in a non-fictitious place that has no Muslim population in reality while also showing them as exploited which is so far from reality. Although the VFX is appreciable but I reject the story as it comes across as having agendas. Typical Bolly Islamophilia stuff - showing them as meek, nice and Bollywood claims to be from Mumbai. I have given 2 stars only because of that one song "Namo Namo". And secondly i don't know how to give minus 10 star so i am giving. If director was intended to make movie on that disaster then you should have shown army forces to save people instead he showed communism fights between hindu and muslim and tried to misguide the people. When would Bollywood stop making this only love story movies. Worst acting not so good directing as well. Make movies on unity of people don't on communism. This is not a disaster movie but garbage movie. The people who are appraising this movie they are fan of sara ali khan so don't be misguided. I was really bored when this movie caught my eye, especially since it had Sushanth Singh in it. After MS Dhoni, I thought he must be doing something great but the entire movie was a downhill journey, pun unintended. They could just have had a subtitle saying 'Kedarnath can't take all that construction activity. Please desist' Instead, they wove a story around it, and wasted time and reputations of all involved. Amazing concept wasted because of a stupid Love story. I guess apocalypse is a bigger concept. Bollywood just stop wasting your time and concepts on the name of love.
The girl neither as acting nor dress-up looks like a Pahari girl. Who wears such fashion in Uttrakhand, with that accent and style and makeup! Pahari girls are naturally pretty, and aren't flashy at all.
It's winters and she never wore a sweater! Zero logic!
Actor is looking amazing no doubt. Only the last few minutes were worth. Yar kya wrost story likhi hai and movie ka base hi kya hai Average movie.. tragedy acquires a timeless quality... Well just finish watching the movie. Honesty i was not highly expected from the movie but it dissapoint me either. First of all makers copied this from titanic in all way and still couldn't manage it. It could be a great movie but it turned dissapointing.
Plus points are Acting and effects are amazing no doubt, sushant and sara were good and so are other actors, locations are beautiful.
Minus points are representation. It was a total copy of titanic with some differences but it was not well executed, makers gave more weightage to love story which is not impressive because of poor representation and laid very little emphasis on tragedy. Tragedy part is start only in last few minutes and end.
So at the end it can be said that talent has waste in this movie. Good songs, good acting, good effects but there should be good execution and good story telling too. Resist and violence influence movie plot. Such type of kahani (story) ignite religious extremest and riots in this region. The story was very boring and did not potray the motive clearly. Also the direction was irrelevant. Most of the part of the movie was not aiming towards anything. The religious clashes were of no significance to the movie and the acting was not convincing at all. The effects used for showing the flood scenes were not realistic. Not sure Why our most of the movies does same mistakes. When story based on True events of course I will use my little brain.
First it starts with Inter religion Love story where "Poor, Innocent, Non Violent, Tolerant, Career Oriented Muslim" Boy in love with "Arrogant, Rowdy, Impatient, Spoiled, Violent Hindu" family Girl.
Mr Director if you don't know any facts please do not misrepresent in Cinema. World knows specially PANDIT's! How badly they were treated in Valley. In that case movie is very Religion BIASED and shows one religion is really bad and you can guess it right.
After Interval movie starts with reality based events. Flood scenes are quiet good as compared to bollywood standards but missed common sense events. There are tons of mistakes. I felt few places they tried to mimic Titanic movie scenes.
There were Unsung Heroes with there help can't possible to rescue 97,000 people but Director didn't even take note of it.
Overall movie Story was very weak, Facts and Direction receives 0 rating. 1 Star for Sarah's acting and she was spot on in her debut movie.
For me movie love story angle was very frustrating and can be avoidable. Please come out of Love stories and give some Solid movie on such a sensitive topic. Two things work brilliantly in Bollywood - romance and tragedy. And Kedarnath will serve you both if not in equal doses.<br/><br/>Sara Ali Khan as Mukku or Mandakini Mishra is convincing, and the newcomer is brilliant for her debut film. She comes in as a breath of fresh air.<br/><br/>She is adorable n natural beauty.<br/><br/>Sushant, like always, just n okay kind of actor.<br/><br/>Abhishek Kapoor's direction is good, and he has managed to tackle different elements in the film with the right kind of emotions. However, I feel, the VFX in the climax could have been better, and could have showcased the wrath of the 2013 Uttrakhand floods in a more impactful way. But this does not take away from the fact, that the effort is commendable.<br/><br/>In short, Kedarnath is an apt debut for Sara as it gives her the opportunity to show range in her performance. So, go watch the film this weekend. You won't have any complaints.<br/><br/>A good love story. The movie has focused more on love story rather than the Kedarnath Tragedy. So being based on true story, it fails to explain the real story of Kedarnath . But it has great components that will make you enjoy every scenes. I loved it ! The actors were awesome and the love story shown was cute and so romantic ! I would recommend you to go for it ! Don't listen to all the Bad Reviews if this movie. Anyone who loves mountains and nature will love this movue.
Great Fury of nature and Pure Clean Romance and it's a Eye opener for the Narrow minded small thinking CASTISM can have in our Country, and Nature's Fury teaches them a lesson of how Tiny we are and why we should not be stuck to Upper n lower CASTISM .<br/><br/>Photography of the Kedarnath Disaster is AWESOME comparable to many Global American movies and if you will feel emotional and sad at many moments of the movie and perhaps cry too.<br/><br/>NICE Acting by All, esp. Sushant and her mother and gives a good idea of what needs to change in our n castes n communities. It's a very good movie and do not listen to the badrebiews. Go and Judge yourself - I bet so e scenes will make you very sad if not cry. And Nice very Pure Romance that does not give at any time of sex, but the Purity of love. I would give it 9+ points really. I dunno why people did not like the movie. Movie is good. And sara's acting and expressions are faboulous. Goosebumps while the song namo namo. The location of the movie is excellent. But the ending is disappointing. We are thinging about marry of both. Sushant died in ending. Movie is mainly about Hindu muslim love story , but kedarnath incident shown good in it. .if u r going with peeticular kedarnath incident to watch movie. .u will get disappointed. .
It's all about one beautiful journey not only about incident. .loved it One thing is certain, the locale in this movie is beautiful! The city, the pilgrimage town and the journey to it is beautiful. What the movie falls short on is the script, there's nothing new here but it gives enough for us to enjoy it. Sara delivers on her debut! Overall a good watch. Little amused why this movie is rated so low. Beautiful screen play, very good acting. Sara Ali Khan totally carried the role of bold, beautiful and naughty hindu girl. Her debutante performance is to the point and you can definitely see her resemblance with amritha Sigh. Sushanth On the other side, out played his character of a muslim boy with a kind heart. The love story was well directed and Kedarnath was shown as beautiful as anybody would expect it to be. The songs were in sync with the flow of the movie and were perfectly choreographed.
You will get carried away by the movie and not even for a moment you will feel any lag in the movie. THIS MOVIE IS SOMETHING THAT INDIA NEEDS NOW. SHOWS NO RELIGION IS GREATER THAN HUMAMITY. AND OUR GOD IS THEIR GOD AND VICE-VERSA!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>A MUST WATCH! SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT IS AMAAAZING AND A GREAT DEBUT BY SARA ALI KHAN Sushant is back with a terrific performance. Direction by abhishek kapoor is great.this movie deserves to be a success. However it could have been an even greater one but the ending leaves you a little unsatisfied. The movie has been excellently executed! Loved Sara's acting. I think she did a finest job as her first debut. And Sushant is as good as always! Great cinematography. Overall, a good story and an excellent movie. Worth the watch. Remember Titanic??Yes a similar treat for eyes in Indian cinema after decades.A simple-difficult love story followed by the flood disaster ,an awesome storyline , cinematography,In one word just WAO.some dumb people here are commenting nonsense about the movie.Some are telling why love story and all.Man without a story how will you portrait the flood part.Dumb people.didnt you watch titanic?tab toh wao wao kiye the.Now India is trying the same itni nafrat?Pshycopaths!!!All do please watch the movie and ignore such nonsense reviews. Go must watch awesome full entertainment... sara ali khan and sushant best acting If any Indian movie can be called a disaster in 2018, this is it. This Kedarnath movie has failed in every department action, direction, story plot, Music, settings comprehensively. Just watch a movie on TV free instead of wasting money on this eye/ear/brain sore. So bad movie ever i seen
Dont waste money.<br/><br/>This is purely intentional movie of luv jihad to discourage hindu belief Waste of Time/money..poor cinematography,poor story...nothing good Those people who are blabbering that why is Bollywood making Romantic movies in a real tragedy scenario are the ones who give 10 stars to Titanic. Hyprocrisy at its best. I loved the movie by the way. Must watch. I really loved watching the movie. It's a fresh of breath air for Bollywood cinema. Sara Ali Khan stole the show by justifying her character of a bubbly person without over acting like we see in many Bollywood movies. It's expected for Sushant Singh Rajput to act flawlessly as he is such a brilliant actor, my most favourite scene of his was the crying scene, you felt the emotions just the way he was feeling- the whole-can't-breathe-bursting-out-in-tears situation.<br/><br/>About the movie- the concept was really good and it's soenthing India faces currently. Making profit at the cost of hurting Mother Nature- is that justifiable. We saw mind sets of various groups and I think that was shown quite well! Many people may not like this movie in India because of the political tension between Hindu-Muslims and it's shed a light on this and very rightly so.
The SFX in the movie was mind blowing, best one ever made in Bollywood yet! Towards the end it was a body gripping movie with a lot of ooos and Aaahs that naturally came out given how good the scenes were! Just when you thought it's the end of everything, something would pop up! This was fun as it totally engulfs you into the scene!<br/><br/>We need more movies like this to be made in the Indian cinema and we need to see more of sushant and Sara on big screen! The movie is awesome :)<br/><br/>great story
great acting
okay direction
great exposure about the place Dont give attention to negative review.ppl have sentimental emotional with the Kedarnath even. understandable!!!...ppl are more interested in wat happened in Kedarnath.<br/><br/>for a movie.its a very well made movie.excellent dialogs, excellent acting by cast.very will story. Dont belive in low stars reviews, I really enjoyed this movie, I really liked love story of this movie. And about acting Sara Ali Khan has done great acting (above expectation) as this is her first movie but it doesn't seem like, she was acting really above expectation. Don't Watch This Movie Re-creating Titanic Ripoff Indian Version . Bollywood Has Enough Love Story Again A Boring Love story NO. People who are criticising this movie because its a love story set near a holy temple and at the site of a natural disaster. So, in India to love is wrong? I liked the movie. I visit the Himalayas often and they depicted the life there pretty well. Plus love can happen anywhere. Also much of the story about the flood was accurate. K-iller script
E-xcellent screenplay
D-ashing direction
A-wesome music
R-ealastic performances
N-atural visuals
A-rtistic editing
T-ruthful VFX
H-eroic film!!!! I pity on Bollywood as they can't make a single movie which doesn't have love angle in that...
A great movie could have been made out of the Kedarnath tragedy .... But they brought Hindu Muslim love angle in it ....
Extremely disappointed with the same concept repeated again and again ... How about use a horrific nature's tragedy and mix it with communal violence and make a film because we have no brain to write better stories.
Presenting to you, Kedarnath, the movie.<br/><br/>The film is a torturous tragedy.
Sushanth is as good as he is.
But Sarah's character could have been played by Pooja Gor who played her sister in the film because though Pooja had lesser scenes, she was so much better than Sarah.
The Vfx was good at parts and over the top at times and bad at some scenes.<br/><br/>Definitely forgettable. Acting and love story is good. Graphical effects are slightly over the top leading to not so good results. But overall liked the movie. Amazing movie, not only depicting the tragedy which happened in 2013 (kedarnath) but actually depicting the real tragedy which continues to happen in India till date! (Society against love story) Kedarnath features an all-too-familiar love story, that gets a boost thanks to the climactic floods that devastated civilization in the mountain town of Uttarakhand, in 2013. The screenplay has its strengths and weaknesses, but through the crest and trough of dramatic waves, what stands out as a solid force is young debutante Sara Ali Khan. Her first performance on celluloid has the right amount of fire to spark a connection with the audience.
The film is based in the valleys and mountain ranges of Kedarnath and the drone-assisted cinematography by Tushar Kanti Ray, which explores the picturesque settings, is impressive. The film captures the beauty of the Himalayas with crisp and artistic visuals. There's also the quaint, small-town setting, where locals treat Hindu pilgrims with utmost respect and where Muslim porters, have no qualms in praying to Shiva and sharing the faith of the devotees. The writing by Abhishek Kapoor and Kanika Dhillon, subtly reflects upon the secular dynamics of Kedarnath. There's also a brief comment on the commercialisation with hotels, malls and tourism, which has impacted the ecological balance of places like Kedarnath and contributed to natural calamities. These pertinent issues, which had a lot of potential, are briefly touched upon and then left in deep waters.
The focus remains strictly on the love story, and while Mukku and Mansoor share some beautiful moments, the narrative does take a tad too long to set up their romance. What makes up for the slow pace of the film are the performances and the CGI-driven climactic portions. They come together to create a strong, dramatic impact. Sara Ali Khan as Mukku is a live wire. She reminds you of a young and boisterous Amrita Singh (her mother) in films like Betaab and Chameli Ki Shaadi. Her confidence and on-screen charm are a testament to her ability and talent. She looks gorgeous in the desi-girl avatars and she owns every scene that she's present in. Sushant Singh, in a slightly under-played role, supports Sara's efforts, but we've seen him give finer performances before. Watch out for the scene where he sings Lata Mangeshkar's Lag Ja Gale (from Woh Kaun Thi, 1964) where his character's naivety is brought out with deftness.
For a love story, there are no romantic tracks that really hold your attention. Apart from the song Namo Namo, Amit Trivedi's music doesn't create the required mood for a love saga like Kedarnath. Director Abhishek Kapoor's attempt to make a film set against the backdrop of a natural calamity of this proportion is ambitious and sincere. The setting is what makes a difference, because the simple and predictable love story doesn't really rose above the water level. The clever use of CGI mixed with live-action shots to depict moments like cloudburst and the pilgrim city submerging underwater creates an authentic impact. The execution in these areas, along with a memorable debut by Sara, is what keeps the film afloat. I am unable to understand the negative reviews. Not only is this an endearing story, but the visual effects are by far one of the best for an Indian movie. The flood scenes will give you goosebumps. If you have a heart (and this is coming from someone who absolutely doesn't care for soppy love stories), go to a movie hall to watch this. It deserves to be seen on the big screen. Go n watch the movie with divine eyes............... Despite of not being a fan of any of the film's cast and crew, I loved the movie from the core of my heart. This movie has several layers and is only meant for class audience. I am glad that kedarnath is performing well, and my faith in Sushant Singh has been regained after his last, best M.S. Dhoni. Thank you @teamkedarnath for treating us with this wonder :) Instead of watching that Shahrukh uncle's Zero, watch this. Sushant Singh has again proved that he is an actor not a hero and Sara has made an excellent debut. Excellent videography through Hilly terrains & presented the tragedy in an awsome manner. Sara ali khan debut in kedarnath is one of the best debut i have seen yet, she is just awesome on screen. And sushant singh rajput is as always a delight to watch his character of mansoor is very well written and executed. Songs are main usp of this movie, comes at perfect timing and according to script. The cloud bursting scene, and floods scene are very good and did give me shiver. Kedarnath is a good movie and delight to watch. In the last but not the least when you'll see the movie you'll know the horrors and nightmares people have faced in reality at that time. My condolences are with the families and people that lost their close ones, family members that time. Rip the souls of all the people that died in that disaster. It's a good movie but the scenes are misarranged.
It must be a blockbuster movie if the scripts were properly arranged. Moreover it's based on the true disaster of Kedarnath. And a mixture of love story.
The Hindu-Muslim topic which has been displayed could be more good. But overall the movie is good. Except the Direction as I told in the first line that the director failed to show his imagination. I wonder what people expect from a movie.
Bollywood has been an actor concentrated game.
This movie was total entertainment and we could just feel that we are in kedarnath.
Music was just outstanding and virtual effects showed the hard work. Big thumbs up for the movie I loved this movie. It addressed the concerns with religions and how it affects people & relationships very well. The movie makes it very clear that God does not differentiate between religion, gender, status, etc. It was shocking to see the 5.5 ratings, but this movie is 10/10. Both Sushant and Sara did an amazing job portraying their characters. I was engaged and curious thoroughout the movie about what would happen next. I would go watch this movie again & would suggest everyone to go watch it at least once. Superb acting by Sushant Singh Rajput. The movie shows the reality of the sick mentality of people who are still stuck in ancient times. Very good film, suhant's acting was mindblowing he is my one of favourite actor I chose to watch this movie after seeing the breathtaking views in one of the songs. Kedarnath is such a beauty to watch with scenic views of Kedarnath through out the movie. It is such a touching story which portrays a great message. In a disaster or in life as is, it doesn't matter if you are black or white, hindu or muslim, man or woman. Respect the feelings of others in love or in religion.
Great movie, great story, great cinematography. Acting as usual by Sushant is top notch 👌🏼 Saira does an amazing job too.
The VFX of the calamity were not that great but wasn't a disaster. For people who expected to watch the real incident instead of a love story, please watch news or a documentary. Don't be ridiculous! Purity of all the characters and beauty of mother nature has merged together into the screenplay and cinematography of this movie. Story of this film is the soul of this movie. A love story between a privileged girl and the underprivileged boy. Despite all the internal and external challenges combined with their own apprehensions and inner struggles to keep away from the natural attraction both feel towards each other keeps them together.. But when man proposes God disposes. Man's greed and selfishness is endured endlessly by mother nature and then comes aftermath of nature's destruction. Creation and Destruction together complete the journey of man and earth. Leads played by Sushant and debut by Sara. Couple look endearing on screen. Sushant' s deep and silent gaze, his smirks, silence and sacrifice seem real. Maybe they were feels like that now. His innocent smile is a delight to watch. Seems this is how he was in real life too. Seems most real. Beautiful and sad story. Sushant's performance was out of this world. It depicts many of the problems we have in India, not only naturewise but most importantly between each other. This hate and religious fight doesn't lead to anything. The only answer is love and acceptance of each other. I wish they focused and retold a little more of
Super movie, perfect cast, mind blowing graphics.<br/><br/>but ,<br/><br/>considering it was based on true events i hoped to see / hear more facts about the floods through the story on the disaster. Wish it Was explained better. Some how Mention the cities / areas the characters lived in that were washed away. Mullahwood does it again! i think it's high time govt should stop allowing funding from pakistani aneel mussarat<br/><br/>everytime he funds a project it turns out to be a hinduphobic!<br/><br/>story was lame and slow. pathatic vfx. AVOID Not sure why it was named as Kedarnath... It was just regular boring love story, where they love each other but family is against it. Poor script, poor story. Kedarnath is a drama romantic disaster movie directed by Abhishek Kapoor and stars an ensemble cast of Sushant Singh Rajpoot, debutant Sara Ali Khan, Nitish Bhardwaj, Pooja Gaur, Sonali Sachdev and Alka Amin.<br/><br/>The movie is made in the background of 2013 Uttarakhand Floods.<br/><br/>The acting of Sara Ali Khan is convincing as a debutant and Sushant Sing Rajput had already proved his brilliance. Nitish Bhardwaj is a talented actor but wasted in the movie.<br/><br/>The plot is good but is completely ruined by bad execution. Bollywood is already famous for making mockery of disasters and Kedarnath left no stone unturned. Also Lately it has become a fashion for sad endings by killing hero in the climax but It seems this time the decision has backfired.<br/><br/>The flood scenes are impressive and credit should be given to the Special effects team.<br/><br/>It seems that the director was keen to encash the disaster as the movie deviated from it's path and was not able to recover. Music of the movie is good.<br/><br/>The bad editing had also left lots of unanswered questions.<br/><br/>Fact check-: There was not a single muslim porter in Kedarnath but Bollywood has a habit of making movie without checking facts.<br/><br/>A good plot got sacrificed due to bad execution It was good, very close to very good! Sushant Singh's acting was good. Sarah Ali was fair. But their should be more romantic scenes & songs. VFX works were tremendous. The film could portray the real devastating incident. Claps to director. This is a mix of man made and natural calamity which director has presented it well but not well enough.<br/><br/>Cannot specify it exactly but somewhere there was lack of completeness.<br/><br/>Mr. Director and Mr. Scriptwriter could have done a better job Kedarnath is a gem which clearly portrays how true love does not see caste/religion/marital status & can happen to anyone anytime . It also dwells into that only rarely it gets completed &fulfilled .
Coming to performances , Mukesh chhabra as always chooses a good supporting cast especially the lead actress's father and sister & fiancee .. Sushant is too notch in here with a subdued , composed & endearing act and his onscreen chemistry with Sara is one to watch for . They together give the movie some of the best moments ..The amount of hard work put in by Sushant is there to see .. Sara in her dubutante role gets the best lines and majestic dresses and leaves us all wishing for more from the talented actress .<br/><br/>Coupled with such a soothing romantic tunes by Amit trivedi , ones I am still listening especially "Jaan nisaar" penned so much poetically by Amitabh & sung melodiously by arijit Singh ..
Technically , I loved the shooting locations away from the hustle bustle and sins of cities . Even the tragedy scenes at the end feel quite real and enough to give goosebumps .
Why is it that Abhishek Kapoor always writes a tragic ending for Sushant !!!! ..
A great romantic watch . The story, music, performance, cinematography, all are very good! This movie is highly worth watching.at least once! Story was ok.
They should have tried to concentrate more on the actual thing that happened there rather then the love story. Now a day's people don't want to see a good love story. All they want to see is some item songs, a hilarious sex scene without any linkage to the story and some hotshot movie scenes. After watching this movie, I came to read the reviews by people and I admit I write very rarely. You can see my profile. But this movie made me write it.
The love story plumed very beautifully, a huge thumb up for that to the story writer, scriptwriter, and director. It was beautifully written and directed. The scenes captured of northern areas were absolutely great to see. The cinematography was perfect. The drone footage was seamlessly inserted into the movie. The deep-diving into the life of those people and showing it completely as though it happened really in those times, was epic.
I tell you why people don't like such movies. The deep writing of the script to blend with the story and then creating the details around the actual story to make it feel as real as possible that can bind you to your seat and make you watch till the end is the top of the list in my list. I never felt this was a movie, I really felt as though it really happened. This was the level of everything.
The next thing, which people don't like to see such movies that they have lost emotions You will see those movies making the best money in the box office. People want to see a happy ending movie, that no matter what goes wrong, make it a happy ending. So this is what they want to see in their real-life too and obviously, this doesn't happen in real life so people are getting into mess.
For me, this was a straight 8.5/10. This one is truly a great setup to make people more kind and generous.I know i am talking about that part of movie which may be neglected by many.
The way mansoor character has been displayed,it is phenonmenol. If i want to take 1 thing from this movie,i will take mansoors generousity and kindness and will try to engage myself in more kind acts. Watch it on Netflix real documentary!
Its a sad love story Trust me guys! Don't waste ur money and ur time on this pathetic movie. Wonderful movie.u live in the movie u wont just watch it. Susant and Sara were great.Do watch the movie .The visuals were awesome .It is not like just some other love story. I'd rather stare at a wall for 3 hours than watch this cliched garbage. Nepotism rules Bollywood. Instead of rewarding talent, Bollywood rewards people based on their connections. The end result is that extremely poor quality movies like this are made.<br/><br/>Sara Ali Khan is a talentless wonder. The only thing she has going for her is her family connections. They could have given this opportunity to some other deserving actress.<br/><br/>Abhishek Kapoor is another example of nepotism. He is in the industry because of his connections with Jitendra. After his previous flops, no one would have given him another chance but for his connections. In this movie, the script and direction were absolutely horrendous. The story telling was very very disjointed. The VFX were a joke. Kapoor knew he was making a mediocre movie. Thats why he decided to get some cheap publicity by creating absolutely unnecessary controversies. The story is absolutely ridiculous - there are no muslim porters at Kedarnath. The Kedarnath trek is hard. People won't even be able to talk while doing the trek. But this imbecile did not care about any of that. His personal greed trumps everything else, including basic common-sense. He now has an utterly mediocre movie next to his nepotistic name.<br/><br/>Sushant Singh Rajput puts up a very average performance. His performances are boring. Looks like he is not interested in trying new roles. He always seem to play the same character in every movie. There is absolutely no variation.<br/><br/>Overall this is a bloated, ridiculous, insipid launch vehicle for Sara Ali Khan who is a mediocre actress. Just avoid this movie. Film is totally off the track . Name shows it might show tragedy the devotees faced and how Indian army helped and how their faith in lord shiva helped to survive in extreme situation . But the movie is completely on love jihad and hurting Hindu audiences . This is completely based on Islamic Propaganda running in India . Shame on Hindus participated in this movie . Nice love story and also touching the issue of commercialization of kedarnath tourism. There is nothing related to so called love jihad in this movie.<br/><br/>Acting direction and cinematography was awesome. Sushant has become a natural. Sara did a good job. Muslim boy (Sushant SHARMA, a real life Hindu) is shown as protagonist (a good person), and Hindu girl (Saif Ali KHAN's daughter, a real life Muslim) is shown as her lover and her entire family as antagonist (villain). They have started their very movie with Hindu bashing, a Hindu pilgrimage woman denies service of Muslim person, namely Sushant. I haven't seen this situation in real life, but I have seen Muslim women hiding their faces from Hindu men. They have completely wiped out the hard work of Indian Armies, Air-Force, and private chopper personals. As it is Bollywood (very name copied from Hollywood), we can't accept scientific theories of natural disaster, or high end animation of disaster scenes. This movie should be named as "Cute and innocent Muslim boy, faces the wrath of evil Hindu Priest and demon associates". Entire story is unnecessary, and they have used the name of Bhole baba, so I believe, that Bhole baba will surely make them understand who is Antagonist and who is Protagonist in real life. I don't know why people were telling this movie has an offensive story line. Sara Ali Khan's acting was questionable but overall I enjoyed this movie. This was not the worst movie of 2018 but it was one of the best movies of 2018. Maybe the reason behind this is "The so called negative things." Please do not watch this movie by spending your hard earn money, nothing is new in this movie, all camera trick and shoots in a swimming pool. it is clearly visible. Director Abhishek kapoor should stop making movie . The language which used in this movie is not local language.in one line i can say it is a waste of money so avoid this movie. Eveything in the movie ia negative and only best part in the flick was The hourse-Rustom Typical Bollywood love story !! Don't Waste your time & money. A poor, pithoo muslim boy falls in love with a pandit hindu girl. This one line was enough to create an explosive love story. But the writer, director of #Kedarnath tried to play safe n ruined it completely. Nothing ever happens during the entire first half. U hope for something to happen later, but u r totally disappointed. Actors #SushantSinghRajput n #SaraaliKhan look good n act well, but the script lets them down. The short running time n the scenic locations r the plus points. The last 15 minutes r excellent. Rating 2.5/5. It is good and nice movie.
Good acting done sushant as always. These actor are self-made talented actor like Sushant Singh Rajput so don't think too much when ever movie of these actor is coming book tickets and go and watch......Must watch this movie & rate this also What an outstanding actor Sushant Singh Rajpot was. I wish he was still alive. Loved his movies and will miss watching him on screen. I believe Sara was not the right casting especially for this movie and Sushant deserved a better actress to make it a bigger hit....
No doubt for me it's a hit just for you SUSHANT.
RIEP These Dawood slaves are hell bent on promoting love Jihad
#Boycott_Bollywood Acting of Sara Ali Khan is poor .
Otherwise everything is fine This film has so many great elements in it.Locations are just outstanding.Sara Ali Khan performance was so great.I think her role is the best out of all debutant female.Hope films like this are made more. Taking place in the mountainvalley of india,who were struck by a tsunamilike flashflood in 2013, we follow the love story between a hindu girl and a muslim man. when the catastrophe comes after a long while it was breathtaking and heartwrenching to follow the happenings and the lost love story.<br/><br/>i do not know much about indian filmindustry, and i do not understand well enough the dynamics of religious counterparts in this part of the world, other than that its merely impossible. the way the love story is build up are near perfect in my opinion, and i felt so with the carachters all the way until the male part of the story where washed away by the floodwaters. at that moment, that i knew would come, i felt utterly sad on behalf of the girl, and the population who lived through and survived this catastrophe.<br/><br/>the acting are typical bollywood style, with 5-6 songs vith vocal lyrics and 1-2 ensemble dance setup were the whole village trows away buckets and spades and threw themselves into the well coreographed dance session,just like theyve done this a million times before, typical and traditional,but nice to watch for a norwegian layman. what i really liked were the filmography, with great visuals of the landscapes and environment were the people lives.its extremely colourfilled all over. the vfx could have been more prescise,but youll have to be a fool not being ragged into the sodoma and gommora like happenings of floodwater evrywhere.<br/><br/>i, the grumpy old man , started to watch this film, my wife joined me pretty quikly, and we both had a breathtaking watch together. so either you hate the bollywoodproducts, this was more than i did expect,and therefore recommends highly. I love the cinematic work even the movie didn't do a good plot/storyline.
Not because the clichéd love story, but lack of the natural disaster itself. The natural disaster background isn't so strong,but the characters and the actor help this movie from being so boring and cheesy.
There are some scene that give me goosebumps :
1. Mansoor's speech
2. The scene when Mansoor knew the Mukku's true colors
3. When they watch the cricket match, and Mansoor prays
4. The flood itself, when the water make a snake-shape.
5. When Brinda and Maa dies
6. When Mansoor sacrifice himself for the man of a family<br/><br/>The romantic scene isn't cheesy, even so natural and dashing, theie talk in the cave, it was so amazing The movie is not about a disaster, it is a disaster in itself!
There's zero chemistry between the lead couple. Sushant is great, Sara was breathtakingly beautiful in interviews, but in the movie, she sticks out. The direction is very very weak. When I see such movies, I always think, wasn't there one person their whole review team who could have told the director or producer to save their money and not release this flop show? Not one person in the whole freaking gang????
And please, it's a request to IMDB, update your AI based algorithms to filter out reviewers who rate such overwhelming flop shows with 7 and above stars...quite obviously they are paid marketers. And they tend to discredit the rating system of the platform on which they exist by influencing some viewers with false positive opinions just to achieve their person commercial goals. I have seen some people rating this 10/10 and I don't think even the star cast thinks likewise...check it out for yourself. A natural calamity happened in India. So Bollywood decided to cash on that subject. They could have made a decent if not great disaster movie. But instead Bollywood being typical Bollywood forcefully inserted a inter faith love story. So girl falls for a poor guy from different religion. Her parents disagree, they try to marry her off to a guy from their own religion. Girl tries to commit suicide and prays for disaster to happen. Somehow God listens to her prayers. And decides to kill thousands of people, destroy the whole place. Boy somehow rescues the girl and her evil father as well. In the end, he earns the respect of her father and gets killed after he sends a stranger to a rescue helicopter instead of boarding it himself. Great logic by Abhishek Kapoor and his team. Bollywood never seizes to amaze me another garbage of an amazing topic which could've been an awesome project but the movie forces you to like the guy which you can not feel the connection with as obviously he's dumb and in today's world its far too unrealistic to believe that this kind of person can exist a little bit of logic and less drama could have been nice but the whole movie is garbage don't waste your time !! #Kedarnath Movie Review by #SaltedPopcorn<br/><br/>'#Kedarnath' is mainly a love story resting on the backdrop of horrific and catastrophic 2013 Kedarnath flood. While thousands died and stranded, many were rescued. Though the love story remains ancient and predictable, treatment of the love story set within the beauty of Kedarnath is beautiful and fresh.<br/><br/>Kedarnath begins with the camera capturing its picturesque and impressive valleys flooded with white snow, untouched streaming water, thousands of tourists, winds of spiritualism and hundreds of pony operators and porters. The song Namo Namo rightly sets the mood of the Pilgrimage and captures the faith of this pilgrimage extremely well. Your chances of 'holidifying' in Kedarnath is definitely going to go up after watching this film.<br/><br/>First half of the film weaves the threads into a convincing love story between a Muslim pony rider and a Hindu girl. Though the love story is familiar, it sets up their romance very well. In the entire first half, the love story between #SushantSingh and #SaraAliKhan ride quite well on the Pony along the track of Kedarnath.<br/><br/>Second half of the film moves ahead the story where girl's father disapproves their love and their love and faith are tested amidst the catastrophe of flood.<br/><br/>The movie has one of the best effects seen in the past Indian movies. All the sequences of last 20-25 minutes in the movie look authentic and the film makes you actually feel the devastation seen during the landslides and flood. All the scenes of the natural calamity look extremely natural and original and closely make you feel the horror and the wrath the disaster created.<br/><br/>The movie never bores you, never exaggerates, never slows down and keeps you with it all the time. Script is tight and focusses entirely on the love story. Sushant and Sara look beautiful together in the movie. Sara has given stellar performance considering her debut film and Sushant has supported the script with all his efforts.<br/><br/>Overall, the movie is definitely worth a watch in theatre and can be thoroughly enjoyed for Sushant-Sara chemistry and its climax effects and thrill. The movie has right balance of content, emotions and treatment. How to watch a full movie yaa? I am not getting anything except the trailer. The movie is fantastic. The opening scene with the Namo Namo song gives goosebumps. It gets a little slow in the middle at times. The climax is one of the finest, and the VFX also looks great. Great performance by Sushant and Sara too. The reviews are bad maybe because it acts against the agenda of a political party, and negates the polarisation they are attempting. In what appears to be yet another "Titanic" style love story, the approach at it is simply horrible, the entire movie plot can be predicted in the first few minutes. Nonetheless, Sara Ali Khan is the silver lining to this movie making it somehow enjoyable to watch. In my opinion, the plot could have been reworked to give viewers something more unique. Superb movie I am really angry with the people who don't like kedarnath because of Hindu Muslim issue love is mostly important and the last 20 minutes are so scary I think there is a big PR effort in these forums by Sara Ali Khan's PR agency. After all, she comes from a super-rich family and they want to see their girl do well. I went to watch the movie by giving this movie the benefit of doubt after reading some of the reviews ehere and I came away deeply disappointed. The movie was so boring that me and my friends wanted to leave halfway through the movie. It was such a drag. The second half was ok but nowehere as good as some of these reviewers are making it to be. Overall it was a tremendous waste of time and money. I should have watched some other movie instead of this. This was really bad. My friends wanted to go to Aquaman but I said no because I dont like action movies. Now I think we should have gone to aquaman or 2.0 again instead of this. Emotional love story with great scenes showcasing the scenic beauty of Kedarnath.
Disappointed with the climax! Slow ..unnecessarily stretched story .. faaltu songs.. wasted! 2.0 is much better, no concept just want to earn in the name of Kedarnath Whole movie is a joke...copy of Titanic...only climax was nice...3stars are more than enough... Sushant did a big job in this movie. His performance cant be put aside in this. Sara's debut performance is lit and the direction is superb! Wonder if the rating it got is kind of underestimated one! Sushant is the heart of the movie. No one else could have better played Mansoor other than Sushant. Amazing cinimography, songs,dialogues and everything,everything.. I really loved this movie. Those who rated low do no understand true art. Sushant was amazing in this. This movie made me smile so much at the beginning while the later half was intense! Acting was beautifully done by both the leads. Very sad to never see Sushant make new movies. Good one...worth watching..it was long pending and supub acting by sushant SSR WAS PERFECT IN DELIVERING EMOTIONS.
SSR IS NO MORE BUT HIS ART WILL ALWAYS BE IMMORTAL. SARA ALSO WAS TOO GOOD. MOVIE WAS SUPER SE UPAR... Just that the movie had a nepokid as a leader female role Right from the direction, landscape, cinematography, actors everything is perfect. Everyone has played their role nicely. Sushant Singh Rajput and Sara Ali khan acting adds charm to the movie. There is only one religion Humanity. Based on the tragedy occurred in Kedarnath. Script is okay but should have used a better actress, Sara failed to grasp the character into her. Pannu would be a good choice in my opinion. Sushanth was good. Overall Good but should have used a talented actress. I loved the natural scenery, the people and the main characters. They seem so natural and authentic, it makes you feel you are in there and are washed through and through by the ambiance of the sacred mountains. The dramatic tension between the families of the lead characters feels a little under-cooked, and end sequences with the flood leaves much to be desired, both with regards to vfx as well and dramatic tension. However I loved the first half of the movie. The actors did well. The cinematography was gorgeous. With a better story, this one could have been gold. Nevertheless I was not disappointed. Great movie.....
Awesome Songs.....
Kedarnath... Kedarnath... Kedarnath
Kedarnath... Kedarnath... Kedarnath
Kedarnath... Kedarnath... Kedarnath
Shusant Singh Rajput Is Always Hittttt
Sara Ali Khan Acting Is Also Good This is a fantastic movie .. i love it ! best shushant singh ....
most favorite all time best good movie It was good and everyone should watch it............,.......... Nice movie to watch..... Songs #.nature#... Sushant..... When you try to put unwanted love story in everything , this happens. At least don't make fun of such tragedy. Mind Blowing Movie I Recommend to watch everyone I Reallly like it too much A very good movie. Nicely compiled. The acting, casting and action is brilliant. The songs are also good. Love the music, screenplay, good story, enjoyed the atmosphere of real Kedarnath... when I watch this I feel romantic and jai shiv Shankar... shiv Shankar ke sv deewane When kedarnath released I was very eager to watch it but after watching it I was literally disappointed.....
This movie is nothing but showing the love story of a Hindu Brahman girl and some so called good muslMu guy.... common Bollywood...this old story you delivered with just kedarnath in the background as a mere prop and a Titanic like ending....why can't you show love between two hindus...why this fake thinking of Hindu Muslim no problem...
Nothing to say much for this film... this is indeed showing love even in holy kedarnath...a totally fake film...fake depiction..fake acting .story... direction...all in all a fake film .... The movie starts with a premise telling tales of Mansoor and Mukku. Mansoor a Muslim and Mukku Hindu how their love unfolds and how the family religion of them has been at a war since the start.... You are in for an emotional and joyous movie with some great scenery and beautiful direction... Im happy that Bollywood has put vfx to some good use here... An amazing movie which highlights the religious differences which are the result of a few selfish people who do it for their own selfish gains, I'd love to watch it again and again Abhishek Kapoor as a director has done a fantastic job by creating the entire kedarnath fllods..the flood scenes and scenic beauty is a must watch.. acting is ok.. However the entire movie is amazing..must watch.. The film is good with drama and romance part, well depicted and the tragedy they face is also very well depicted. Can't get over this film wanna see once more and somewhere deep down i wish it had alternate ends as well but i know that won't make movie as interesting as it is Nice story. The morale content is for the viewers to ponder.. should one judge others based on their religious views? And if one is judgmental at all, must one resort to terrorising other people in the name of religion?<br/><br/>Sushant and Sara Ali Khan did a great job.. though it was a bit awkward seeing Sushant being an actual hindu to play a muslim, and Sara Ali vice versa.<br/><br/>A must watch for Sushant fans. His performance this time is better than how he fared in Raabta. This is a Awesome Love Story and beautiful thing is based on kedaarnath😍😍 The movie captures the beauty of Kedarnath wonderfully, it's a visual treat. Both lead actors have done justice to their characters. The love story is same old cross religion tangle however has some sweet moments. The tragedy that follows is well shot & the story message is subtly communicated. Yes, the film could have been much more & the story line had a great potential which has not utilised here.
Give it a watch Kedarnath features an all-too-familiar love story, that gets a boost thanks to the climactic floods that devastated civilization in the mountain town of Uttarakhand, in 2013. The screenplay has its strengths and weaknesses, but through the crest and trough of dramatic waves, what stands out as a solid force is young debutante Sara Ali Khan. Her first performance on celluloid has the right amount of fire to spark a connection with the audience. The film is based in the valleys and mountain ranges of Kedarnath and the drone-assisted cinematography by Tushar Kanti Ray, which explores the picturesque settings, is impressive. The film captures the beauty of the Himalayas with crisp and artistic visuals. There's also the quaint, small-town setting, where locals treat Hindu pilgrims with utmost respect and where Muslim porters, have no qualms in praying to Shiva and sharing the faith of the devotees. The writing by Abhishek Kapoor and Kanika Dhillon, subtly reflects upon the secular dynamics of Kedarnath. There's also a brief comment on the commercialisation with hotels, malls and tourism, which has impacted the ecological balance of places like Kedarnath and contributed to natural calamities. These pertinent issues, which had a lot of potential, are briefly touched upon and then left in deep waters. The focus remains strictly on the love story, and while Mukku and Mansoor share some beautiful moments, the narrative does take a tad too long to set up their romance. What makes up for the slow pace of the film are the performances and the CGI-driven climactic portions. They come together to create a strong, dramatic impact. Sara Ali Khan as Mukku is a live wire. She reminds you of a young and boisterous Amrita Singh (her mother) in films like Betaab and Chameli Ki Shaadi. Her confidence and on-screen charm are a testament to her ability and talent. She looks gorgeous in the desi-girl avatars and she owns every scene that she's present in. Sushant Singh, in a slightly under-played role, supports Sara's efforts, but we've seen him give finer performances before. Watch out for the scene where he sings Lata Mangeshkar's Lag Ja Gale (from Woh Kaun Thi, 1964) where his character's naivety is brought out with deftness. For a love story, there are no romantic tracks that really hold your attention. Apart from the song Namo Namo, Amit Trivedi's music doesn't create the required mood for a love saga like Kedarnath. Director Abhishek Kapoor's attempt to make a film set against the backdrop of a natural calamity of this proportion is ambitious and sincere. The setting is what makes a difference, because the simple and predictable love story doesn't really rose above the water level. The clever use of CGI mixed with live-action shots to depict moments like cloudburst and the pilgrim city submerging underwater creates an authentic impact. The execution in these areas, along with a memorable debut by Sara, is what keeps the film afloat. The movie is good and the acting of Sushant Singh Rajput is great . Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath takes a virulent turn from a blooming, soothing romantic story between two people from different religions to a description of a natural calamity but it still manages to keep one hooked and rooting for these characters that are written with genuine compassion. TN. Indian Titanic. One poor guy who runaway daughter of rich. And die. The movie is about 2013 natural calamity took place in Uttarakhand state. And the story was ages old but what made me hooked was the lead pair Sara Ali Khan and Sushanth singh rajput. They have performed really well ,A Star is born (Sara ali khan) and all the songs were good. The cinematography is neat and direction too.
Climax was simply heart melting and it really made me emotional.
Finally watch this movie, I hope you will love it. Acting- Sara Ali Khan killed it !!!! If nepotism gives us product like her, then the practice is worth it !!!!! Sushant was flawless. The supporting characters were strong and complex.
Story- Well written ! (I know that people did not want it to be a love story but still we shouldn't cringe each and everytime and think about it. We must simply enjoy the film)
Climax - ( *SPOILERS* ) The flood sequence was amazing. The VFX was perfect. Each emotion was caught brilliantly by Abhishek Kapoor. I was astonished to see Sara doing such a commendable job. I wish if Sushant would have been alive.<br/><br/>I personally wasn't satisfied with the duration of the flood scenes. I was craving for more action. And, the dialogues were flat (therefore, realistic) but not catchy (not at all filmy/melodramatic)
A special note for Sara - While Mukku (Sara) tries to impress Mansoor (Sushant), she is successful in making him as well as the AUDIENCE to fall in love with her. Only God knows about the expectations of the people who have given very negative reviews about this movie. In fact I was also hesitant to see this movie. But when I saw it in my home, I regretted not to watch this movie in a hall, on a big screen. The beauty of Kedarnath has been captured amazingly and it would have been perfect to watch it on big screen
AbAbo the story, it was very simple and cool as the hills. Even though it was of love between a Hindu girl and a Muslim girl, it never became too dramatic or too loud or too violent. The picture started fresh and ended on a very emotional track. The journey to end was very good and easy.
So, if want to enjoy a movie without any tension, watch it. All have acted well. Superb acting with great effort on VFX. Climax was very upset. But one time watchable for sure for the attempt made Movie have some few cons but still it is one of the unique love story that bollywood has ever produce. Emotional scenes could have been much better. Overall one time watch for those who loves to watch sad ending with a smile 🤔🤔. Sara Ali Khan makes a huge debut. New actress sarah ali kahn performed excilant.
And sushant was also awesome.
Like the whole movie and sound tracks also. I don't know why this movie got poor rating according It's merit.
Vfx is somewhat poor but i really touched by it's art of emotional sequences. Sushant Singh rajput is the actor I'll always be a fan of. What an actor, what a role! Perfect casting. Sara Ali khan has got her dream debut. There is not any movie that would give her such glamour/role in her debut. She is certainly the winner of every debut award of 2018.
Abhishek kapoor, you did a splendid job man. Expectation rises from you after watching kedarnath.
Music is good. Again, the weak point was vfx. And honestly i wanted to watch more romance happy time between two leads.
Overall, i can say, kedarnath is one of the most underrated movies in recent times in Indian cinema. Typically Bollywood movie but enough enjoyable if you can ignore Sarah Ali Khan. Seriously she can't act. What a backdrop of kedarnath floods... big thumps up 👍 to the acting of the leading pair
surely, it is one of the most underrated movies in bollywood Movie was good enough to watch it once. Sara acting was superb and song are awesome. I dont know whats wrong in showing the disaster in the movie.
people are still living in the 40s hence they dont like religious things combined with love in the movies. please go ahead and watch only oldies and better dont buy a smartphone, oldtimers. i liked the acting of sarah for her first movie.